Overview
1047 Games began with the simple principle that people should have fun while making great games. Bucking convention and driven by a passion to create the ultimate gaming experience, Ian Proulx and Nicholas Bagamian founded 1047 Games in 2017 in their Stanford dorm room. Their love for arena shooters of the past drove them to create Splitgate, a unique sci-fi first-person shooter that adds portal guns to upend the genre. 
What started as two computer science majors putting portals into a first-person shooter for a project demo has evolved into a VC-backed company which has raised more than 120MM in funding. 
At 1047 Games, youll find a permanently remote, dedicated team of top-tier talent from some of the worlds biggest gaming and tech companies who share our founders vision. Grit, ingenuity, a desire to have fun, and a start up mentality define our crew. We are currently working on a brand new shooter in the Splitgate universe.
What Were Looking For:

A passionate artist: You love to take on difficult, seemingly impossible problems and dig in to find creative ways to solve them
A hard worker: You love to put in the extra effort, because you enjoy your work and know the impact of finishing the tasks at hand
Passion for gaming: You can recognize what separates exceptional games from the average ones. You understand the mindset of gamers which enables you to create and implement features that will further benefit the game

What You Will Be Doing

Lead environment content creation and provide support to less experienced members of the team
Help maintain consistency with modeling standards and best practices alongside environment leads
Lead content development on hero assets and key areas on levels
Work closely with environment concept artists (and art director) and level designers to balance between gameplay and visual targets
Work closely with animation, lighting, audio, and vfx teams to ensure levels are polished in all aspects
Help ensure visual cohesion and quality of levels is consistently implemented and performant
Work with producers to breakdown work and provide realistic estimates

What Will Make You Successful

6 years of experience working in the video game industry and at least one shipped AAA title.
Proficiency with at least two leading DCC packages
Familiarity with Blender (proficiency desired)
Good knowledge of composition, color theory and lighting.
Knowledge of physically based rendering (PBR).
Experience with procedural content creation packages (Substance, Houdini, World Machine) is a plus.
Basic knowledge about Level Design is a plus.
Creativity and an excellent eye for detail.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Ability to prioritize and multitask.
Self-planning and organization.
Excellent communication and teamwork skills.
Fluent English.
