Overview
1047 Games began with the simple principle that people should have fun while making great games. Bucking convention and driven by a passion to create the ultimate gaming experience, Ian Proulx and Nicholas Bagamian founded 1047 Games in 2017 in their Stanford dorm room. Their love for arena shooters of the past drove them to create Splitgate, a unique sci-fi first-person shooter that adds portal guns to upend the genre. 
What started as two computer science majors putting portals into a first-person shooter for a project demo has evolved into a VC-backed company which has raised more than 120MM in funding. 
At 1047 Games, youll find a permanently remote, dedicated team of top-tier talent from some of the worlds biggest gaming and tech companies who share our founders vision. Grit, ingenuity, a desire to have fun, and a start up mentality define our crew. We are currently working on a brand new shooter in the Splitgate universe.
What Were Looking For:

A passionate artist: You love to take on difficult, seemingly impossible problems and dig in to find creative ways to solve them
A hard worker: You love to put in the extra effort, because you enjoy your work and know the impact of finishing the tasks at hand
Passion for gaming: You can recognize what separates exceptional games from the average ones. You understand the mindset of gamers which enables you to create and implement features that will further benefit the game

What You Will Be Doing

Create high quality 3D models for gameplay level assets, taking them through the modeling, texturing, and baking pipeline
Set dressing and world building in the engine
Work with the Art Director and environment leads to ensure artistic cohesion across the game and help develop the world from prototype to final art
Collaborate with everyone on the team in achieving the overall vision of the game
Support less experienced members of the team on environment content creation

What You Will Need to Succeed

3 years of experience working in the video games industry
At least one shipped game
Strong portfolio showing high  low poly modeling, texturing, and shader skills that demonstrate a high level of artistic creativity and technical ability.
Exceptional proficiency in at least one DCC package for modeling (3dsMax, Maya, Blender or equivalent) 
Proficiency in at least one PBR texturing and materials tool (Photoshop, Substance DesignerPainter Marvelous Designer, or equivalents).
Knowledgeable about current environment art trends, modeling and texturing technologies, tools pipelines, performance trade-offs, and interdepartmental dependencies.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Ability to prioritize and multitask.
Self-planning and organization.
Excellent communication and teamwork skills.
Fluent English.
