Overview
1047 Games began with the simple principle that people should have fun while making great games. Bucking convention and driven by a passion to create the ultimate gaming experience, Ian Proulx and Nicholas Bagamian founded 1047 Games in 2017 in their Stanford dorm room. Their love for arena shooters of the past drove them to create Splitgate, a unique sci-fi first-person shooter that adds portal guns to upend the genre. 
What started as two computer science majors putting portals into a first-person shooter for a project demo has evolved into a VC-backed company which has raised more than 120MM in funding. 
At 1047 Games, youll find a permanently remote, dedicated team of top-tier talent from some of the worlds biggest gaming and tech companies who share our founders vision. Grit, ingenuity, a desire to have fun, and a start up mentality define our crew. We are currently working on a brand new shooter in the Splitgate universe.
The Technical Artist (TA) acts as a bridge between the artists and engineers. They are considered part of the art team and work closely with artists, project managers, SEs and the Technical Art team.
What Were Looking For:

A passionate art leader: You love to take on difficult, seemingly impossible problems and dig in to find creative ways to solve them
A hard worker: You love to put in the extra effort, because you enjoy your work and know the impact of finishing the tasks at hand
Passion for gaming: You can recognize what separates exceptional games from the average ones. You understand the mindset of gamers which enables you to create and implement features that will further benefit the game
Anywhere in the world: Seeking both employees and independent contractors

What You Will Be Doing:

Work closely with Artist and Animators and develop tools to make their workflows easier.
Improve and maintain art production workflows, pipelines, asset optimizationintegration
Own any technical issues that arise in art production and bring them to resolution
Build and create rigs in Maya for characterspropsweapons
Work closely with artists and engineers to pinpoint and fix game performance and memory usage issues
Assemble blueprints in Unreal Engine for dynamic key assets in the environment.
Collaborate and advise on tools, workflows and best practices
Diagnose problems related to asset and level creation and support the art and design teams

What You Will Need:

At least 5 years of games production experience.
Proficient scriptingprogramming in python (C is a bonus, but is not required)
Expert knowledge of Maya
Experience in Unreal Engine
A bachelors degree (or equivalent) in a related field is desired
Effective at communicating with different audiences: artists, animators, engineers, managers
A solutions-provider, particularly as it pertains to debugging technical issues
Experience with asset optimization challengestechniques
A willingness to jump into the unknown and solve new problems; the ability to think creatively to resolve technical challenges and limitations
A Passion for Games!

 The exact relationship will be dependent on your region, role, scope of workresponsibilities, and other factors.