3D Motion Graphics Generalist
1047 Games began with the simple principle that people should have fun while making great games. Bucking convention and driven by a passion to create the ultimate gaming experience, Ian Proulx and Nicholas Bagamian founded 1047 Games in 2017 in their Stanford dorm room. Their love for arena shooters of the past drove them to create Splitgate, a unique sci-fi first-person shooter that adds portal guns to upend the genre. 
What started as two computer science majors putting portals into a first-person shooter for a project demo has evolved into a VC-backed company which has raised more than 120MM in funding. 
At 1047 Games, youll find a permanently remote, dedicated team of top-tier talent from some of the worlds biggest gaming and tech companies who share our founders vision. Grit, ingenuity, a desire to have fun, and a start up mentality define our crew. We are currently working on a brand new shooter in the Splitgate universe.
Youre the right person if you are:

A natural problem solver who dives deep into the creative process.
A high-energy worker with a sense of urgency, and is highly responsive in a fast-paced environment.
Able to focus and deliver results.
Collaborative in nature and able to work with anyone, regardless of department or seniority.
Flexible, dependable, and opinionated.
Passionate about leading projects from concept to delivery.
Able to adhere to a style guide while still unleashing your creativity into eye-catching and memorable content.

Responsibilities

Get hands-on to create outstanding, eye-catching and innovative motion graphics to be featured across a variety of marketing channels.
Work directly in a UE5 photo room with game and cinematic assets to compose memorable assets.
Oversee and inspire a focused team of artists to push for top quality work that sets a standard for the industry.
Collaborate with other team members to ensure were delivering a high water mark among FPS games
Generate templates and designs to improve efficiencies and maintain our standards throughout the marketing creative team.
Overcome obstacles and develop innovative designs that give us an advantage in a crowded market.

Requirements

7 years design and creative experience.
Prior people management experience.
Strong skills and proven experience working in Unreal Engine
Core design skills, including the ability to establish visual composition, layout, typography, and lighting.
At least 2 years working in the video game industry.
Proficient in Digital, Social, AV, and OOH advertising formats.
A strong and provable track record of developing breakthrough ideas and design experiences.
Your own hardware setup.

Portfolio required.
Pluses

Experience with UIUX.
Experience in other 3D and motion graphics software such as C4D, Octane  Redshift or Arnold Rendering Pipelines, Adobe After Effects, etc.
Played Splitgate or other PCconsole shooters (Halo, Fortnite, etc.).
Streaming or video content creation experience.
