Overview
1047 Games began with the simple principle that people should have fun while making great games. Bucking convention and driven by a passion to create the ultimate gaming experience, Ian Proulx and Nicholas Bagamian founded 1047 Games in 2017 in their Stanford dorm room. Their love for arena shooters of the past drove them to create Splitgate, a unique sci-fi first-person shooter that adds portal guns to upend the genre. 
What started as two computer science majors putting portals into a first-person shooter for a project demo has evolved into a VC-backed company which has raised more than 120MM in funding. 
At 1047 Games, youll find a permanently remote, dedicated team of top-tier talent from some of the worlds biggest gaming and tech companies who share our founders vision. Grit, ingenuity, a desire to have fun, and a start up mentality define our crew. We are currently working on a brand new shooter in the Splitgate universe.
What Were Looking For:

A passionate production coordinator: You love to take on difficult, seemingly impossible problems and dig in to find creative ways to solve them
A hard worker: You love to put in the extra effort, because you enjoy your work and know the impact of finishing the tasks at hand
Passion for gaming: You can recognize what separates exceptional games from the average ones. You understand the mindset of gamers which enables you to create and implement features that will further benefit the game

What You Will Be Doing:

Maintain team tasks and scheduling to ensure delivery of features and content
Help with tracking, capacity planning, and prioritization of work
Manage change requests and advise stakeholders on their effect, budget and resourcing
Identify opportunities for improvement and collaborate with others to find creative solutions 
Help build, improve, and drive processes across our project management tools; planning, scopecapacity tracking, tool and plugin testing, and establishing best practices.
Assist in building and maintaining an effective working schedule to ensure that project development milestones are delivered on time
Keep the development team informed of project goals, schedule, status and deliverables
Identify, assess, and prioritize risks followed by a coordinated application of resources to minimize and manage risks
Working on roadmap planning with dev leads, and aligning with team leadership to establish time and targets

Qualifications:

1 years of professional experience in game production.
Excellent change management skills, i.e., comfortable with ambiguity and constant change, yet able to set priorities and work commitments.
Have passion, energy, enthusiasm to achieve results.
Self-reflective; acknowledge own experience and experiences of others.
Expertise with Production tools, including JIRA, Confluence, or similar task tracking solutions
Knowledge and experience in Agile and Waterfall development practices
Proficient understanding of various project management methodologies 
Organizational skills and ability to execute on projects on time, and at the expected level of quality.
A good understanding of various disciplines that go into game development such as programming, art, design and audio.
