Overview
1047 Games began with the simple principle that people should have fun while making great games. Bucking convention and driven by a passion to create the ultimate gaming experience, Ian Proulx and Nicholas Bagamian founded 1047 Games in 2017 in their Stanford dorm room. Their love for arena shooters of the past drove them to create Splitgate, a unique sci-fi first-person shooter that adds portal guns to upend the genre. 
What started as two computer science majors putting portals into a first-person shooter for a project demo has evolved into a VC-backed company which has raised more than 120MM in funding. 
At 1047 Games, youll find a permanently remote, dedicated team of top-tier talent from some of the worlds biggest gaming and tech companies who share our founders vision. Grit, ingenuity, a desire to have fun, and a start up mentality define our crew. We are currently working on a brand new shooter in the Splitgate universe.
As an Gameplay Engineer, you will be tackling some of the most complex challenges in the company (and arguably, the most fun!). You will be setting direction for game design, prioritizing features and partnering with art and production to continuously improve our new game. 
What Were Looking For

A passionate engineer: You love to take on difficult, seemingly impossible technical problems and dig in to find creative ways to solve them
A hard worker: You love to put in the extra effort, not because you are told, but because you enjoy your work and know the impact of finishing the tasks on hand
A passionate gamer: You are a gamer who grew up playing games and can recognize what separates exceptional games from the average ones. You understand the mindset of gamers which enables you to create and implement features that will further benefit the game

Required Skills

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience
2-6 years of software development experience
Proficiency in Game Development
Proficiency in C or similar object-oriented languages
Proficiency in 3D math

Desired Skills

2 years of experience in Game Development
Proficiency in Unreal Engine with an understanding of UE4 architecture and preferred pipelines
Good understanding of the Unreal Engine SDK including C and Blueprints, multiplayer, UI, AI, animation, optimization
Understanding of concurrent programming
A background working with asset management systems, asset bundles, and in particular downloadable content (DLC)
