We are seeking a Senior Commodity Business Manager with a strong background in managing external contract manufacturing for complex instruments to join our growing global Procurement Team. The candidate will be responsible for overseeing the contract manufacturing partners, ensuring the successful production, on-time delivery, high quality and competitive cost of our innovative instruments. 
Individuals applying for this position must be self-starters, strategic thinkers, action driven, flexible in changing direction and methods, thrive in a fast-paced environment, excel at managing multiple priorities, succeed in communicating with all levels within the organization and provide immediate contribution.
 
What you will be doing:

Oversee and foster strong relationships with external contract manufacturing partners to ensure seamless collaboration and mutual success.
Provide critical support during the launch of new instruments at contract manufacturing facilities. Ensure supply chain readiness and facilitate a smooth ramp-up of production.
Define a comprehensive evaluation framework and conduct regular assessments of contract manufacturers to ensure adherence to quality standards, service levels, and pricing competitiveness.
Identify opportunities to enhance manufacturing efficiency and implement process enhancements, driving continuous improvement initiatives.
Conduct regular reviews with contract manufacturers, assess clear-to-build status, and perform risk assessments and management reviews of sub-tier supply chains. Implement effective supply chain risk mitigations.
Play a key role in the Engineering Change Request (ECR) and Engineering Change Order (ECO) process to ensure the smooth roll-out of new changes while minimizing excess and obsolete inventory.
Collaborate both internally and externally to continuously improve first-pass yield, production efficiency, and product quality for contract manufacturing.

 
Minimum Requirements:

Bachelors Degree
8 years of strategic sourcing andor contract manufacturing management experience for instruments
Strong understanding of instrument manufacturing and PCBA processes, quality control methodologies, and supply chain best practices.
Effective communicator with ability to influence at all levels.
Strong business acumen and comfortable to make effective decisions in ambiguity.
Hands-on ability to perform analysis on large amount of data to drive insights and decisions.
Comprehensive knowledge on contract commercial terms and ability to lead supply agreement negotiations independently.
Ability to operate in a fast-paced environment and juggle shifting priorities and tight timelines.

Preferred Skills and Experience:

Bachelors degree in engineering is strongly preferred

 
LI-ES1 LI-onsiteBelow is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range139,000—169,000 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    