About the role:
We are looking for an outstanding individual to join the Molecular Biology team as a Research Associate. The ideal candidate will have a proven track-record of developing innovative molecular biology protocols for solving complex biological problems. You should be driven by making great products and enjoy working in a fast-paced, innovative and truly multi-disciplinary environment. You will interact closely with colleagues in computational biology, software, chemistry and microfluidics, and apply your skills and knowledge to optimize and evaluate new assays in the area of spatial multi-omics.
 
What you will be doing:

Support the method development and optimization of novel molecular biology assay schemes for the detection of analytes in situ
Perform in situ assays on tissue sections on microscope glass slides
Participate in optimization and troubleshooting of different sample preparation protocols for improved detection of analytes in situ
High throughput fluorescent microscopy imaging of the processed tissue samples, and image data pre-processing
Plan and perform experiments, and analyze their subsequent data with minimal guidance
Maintain accurate records through diligent experimental observations and data tracking
Clearly communicate and present results; contribute data for making critical design decisions


To be successful in this role, you will need:
 

BSMS in molecular biology, biochemistry, cell biology, or a related field and 2 years of full-time, hands-on molecular biology experience in an academic or industrial setting
Proficient in standard molecular biology techniques such as sample preparation, nucleic acid amplification and purification (RNADNA), qPCR, and DNA sequencing
Experience in troubleshooting and optimization of molecular biology assays 
Light and fluorescent microscopy experience (confocal or standard epi-fluorescence)
Experience with experimental design and data analysis
Experience performing complex multi-step experiments with detailed and diligent attention to planning, organization, hands-on technique, and record keeping
Strong collaboration and communication skills

 
Additionally, wed like to see:

Familiarity with histology sample preparation
Tissue handling experience (fresh frozen, FFPE, cryo-sectioning, antigen retrieval, etc.)
Experience with different types of tissue specimen
Familiarity with Design of Experiments (DOE)
Familiarity with single cell transcriptomics and next generation sequencing library preparation workflows

LI-AA1Below is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range72,000—88,000 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    