10x is looking for an outstanding Process Engineer to join the Process Development team. This person will be responsible for developing and integrating process control and yield optimization solutions for complex manufacturing workflows and identifying process to function relationships.
 
What you will be doing:

Yield statistics and analysis of each station and machine yield improvement
Responsible for mass production product specification formulationtraining
Customer complaint analysis and problem solving
8D Report Writing
New product introduction, mass productionundertaking planning
System parameter management
Interdepartmental project planning and execution
Hold lot processing in the detection area
Evaluation and trial of process materials 
Assist in new process introduction and technology transfer
Trial production evaluation and mass production preparation
Implement various training requirements for on-site personnel, formulate manufacturing procedures and product standards
SPC establishment and managementCpk improvement
Integrate data, present and report results

 
Minimum Requirements:

University degree in chemistry, chemical engineering, pharmaceutical engineering, or related fields
Able to read, write, and speak in English

 
Preferred Skills and Qualifications:

Masters degree in chemistry, chemical engineering, pharmaceutical engineering, or related fields
Experience in the semiconductor industry
0-2 years of experience relevant experience in chemistrychemical industrybiomedical industry
About 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    