
As a Field Service Engineer, you will delight our customers with timely onsite support of 10x Genomics instruments, ensuring compliance with company policy, cGMP, ISO, State Regulatory agencies, and the FDA. 
We are hiring Field Service Engineers for multiple locations within the United States: Chicago, Houston, New YorkNew Jersey, Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Washington DC, Atlanta, and the Bay Area.
What you will be doing:

Complete new instrument installation (Both Xenium and Connect), preventative and corrective maintenance in a timely manner and to provide our customer with the world class service they have come to expect from 10X Genomics.
Analyze complex situations and apply independent judgment when accessing problems.
Interpret and analyze past repairs on 10X Genomics instruments to resolve and diagnose new highly complex issues.
Assemble, disassemble and conduct instrument configurations on 10X Genomics instruments.
Support pre-staging of instruments to ensure full functionality prior to Sales Inventory transfer.
Perform advanced electronic, mechanical, and microfluidics repairs associated with 10X Genomics instruments and equipment.
Support upgrade release activities including calibration and configuration of 10X Genomics instruments.
Monitor personal inventory levels to ensure adequate levels of parts and supplies are available on hand, if not place orders for supplies following company procedures.
Act as point of contact with end users, customers, and internal stakeholders on all assigned work orders ensuring all items are appropriately communicated and completed in a timely manner.

Preferred Qualifications: 

Bachelors degree (biomedical  mechanical or electrical engineering preferable) andor 5 years of experience servicing and repairing complex analytical laboratory instruments.
Experience in biotech, life science or robotics is preferable.
Demonstrated ability to operate without supervision and manage multiple priorities.
Excellent communications and interpersonal skills.
Detail and action oriented, self-directed, and highly collaborative.
Demonstrated time management skills, with a focus on effective scheduling, prioritization, delegation, and the ability to coordinate and address competing demands.
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft application suite including Excel, Word, and PowerPoint as well as proficiency in using CRMs, such as salesforce and service max.
Demonstrated understanding of critical Customer Experience factors and how to use that understanding to support customer loyalty initiatives.
This position requires that the employee be available for unrestricted travel (overnight) up to 75 of the time.


 This can be used for hourly based jobs.Hourly53—65 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    