
About the Role:
We are seeking a Sales Executive, San Diego for a field sales-based position responsible for the territory sales plan. The Sales Executive will have strong technical knowledge in the area of Next Gen Sequencing and will demonstrate technical credibility to effectively consult with customers to influence key decisions on technology and product choices. Strong business acumen is required to build successful account and territory plans and translate territory strategy into business results. The ideal candidate will have a strong history of account relationships with key thought leaders in the Next Gen Sequencing space, specifically within the biopharma space.
What you will be doing: 

Demonstrates technical credibility to consult with customers on technology solutions.
Demonstrates funnel management skills with strong huntingprospecting and closing skills.
Commitment to rigorous territory planning, market knowledge, both accurate and timely forecasting.
Develops and manages to a business plan to meet or exceed business goals for the territory.
Understands scientific project needs and business needs of the customer to win the business.
Consistently and accurately manages sales process including sales forecasting, pipeline management, and sales tracking through the use of the CRM system and other designated IT tools.
Develops and maintains current knowledge of genetic analysis markets, products, and buying practices required to effectively compete in the assigned territory.
Utilizes product and application knowledge across the genetic analysis portfolio to successfully conduct selling presentations.
Assists in the identification and recruitment of new salespeople as required.
Ensure that customers are fully satisfied.
Represent the company professionally, ethically, and morally at all times.

Minimum Qualifications: 

Bachelors degree in Biology, Molecular Biology, Biochemistry or related field; or the equivalent knowledge and experience.
Minimum of 5 years sales experience in Life Science, with capital equipment experience.
Extensive knowledge of Next Gen Sequencing
Experience calling on biopharma clients in the Greater San Diego Area
Ability to travel as needed to be successful in this field based role.

Preferred Skills:  

A Masters or PhD degree is desirable.
Strong desire to win business and establish long term customer relationships.

LI-AR1
REMOTE
Below is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range121,500—148,500 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    