About the Role
We are looking for a Network Reliability Engineer with extensive experience in designing, building and operating robust, scalable and secure networks through IAC to join our team.  You will be part of a global team that manages a network environment supporting large volumes of data traversing multiple locations.  If you are a self-starter who is passionate about network engineering and is excited to work in a highly collaborative environment alongside a diverse team of experts every day, join us at 10x Genomics. This will be an on-site role in Pleasanton, CA.
What You Will Be Doing

Implement and support LAN, WAN, wireless, and network security solutions that meet corporate IT and scientific computing requirements.
Assure the rigorous application of information security principles in the delivery of network services.
Manage and support connectivity between multiple locations in Asia, US, and Europe.
Monitor network performance, identify bottlenecks, ensure uptime, and troubleshoot network issues.
Participate in on-call rotation with the global team.

Minimum Requirements

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field or equivalent work experience.
2 years of experience with network engineering and operations.
Experience managing firewalls, switches, and wireless from multiple vendors, such as Palo Alto, Cisco, Arista, and Juniper.
Experience with network and routing protocols  Ethernet, TCPIP, BGP, OSPF, IPsec VPN, Zero-trust model.
Experience with using protocol analysis tools such as wireshark.
Experience with network automation.

Preferred Skills and Experience

Experience building and managing networking elements within major cloud providers (AWS, MS Azure, GCP).
Experience building HA infrastructure by utilizing clustering, load balancing, and other technologies.
Working experience managing Palo Alto firewalls with Panorama and IAC.
Experience managing DNS, DHCP, and IPAM solutions from different vendors (Efficient IP, Cloudflare, MS DNS).
Experience in IP telephony and multi-campus video conferencing solutions.
Solid understanding of QoS technologies and congestion management.Experience supporting network access control solutions (Cisco ISE, Aruba Clearpass).
Experience in virtual platforms, such as VMware, Microsoft Hyper-V, KVM.
Working knowledge of virtual network design and networking products on AWS.
Proficiency in at least one programming language, e.g. Python, Java, TypeScript
Proficiency in at least one IAC platform: Ansible, Chef, Puppet 
Professional certification such as CCNP or CCNA.
Excellent written and verbal communications skills.

LI-RW1
LI-OnsiteBelow is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range121,500—148,500 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    