About the role:
We are seeking a Director, Single Cell Product Marketing to lead the global downstream commercial efforts of our Single Cell product portfolio. This position will be responsible for leading the strategy and execution of product marketing activities, ensuring the Single Cell solutions are positioned, placed, promoted and specified correctly. This role will require interfacing with multiple product managers and product marketers within the Single Cell product portfolio and marketing program management, marketing communications, sales and distribution teams. They will be responsible for driving the go-to-market and sustaining marketing efforts by understanding the various market segments and positioning associated amongst the entire Single Cell portfolio.  This role will need to consider numerous factors such as intended market segments and research areas, customer personas, competitive products, and how well the product fits with the companys business model and strategic goals. 
What you will be doing:

Own and drive global commercial marketing efforts of the Chromium product line
Lead and execute Chromium growth strategy for on market and new products
Lead the execution of Chromium product positioning, messaging, product marketing activities (consumables and instruments)


Drive a high level of interaction and engagement between other departments (e.g., Sales, Technical Support and RD) to ensure coordination of activities and alignment on common goals.
Drives customer segmentation, targeted messaging and growthretention strategies


Generates business plans to grow sales funnel, builds growth strategies among prioritized customer segments and supports go-to-market and sustaining marketing efforts
Identify and translate customer needs in new products andor product features


Responsible for competitive positioning and messaging to achieve market share objectives within relevant profitability bounds for 10xs Single Cell Portfolio
Implements and maintains best practices in brand marketing and product marketing.
Ensures market information is acquired, competitive activity is monitored, and customer needs are identified.
Partners closely with Single Cell product management teams to gain an understanding of product features and relevance to market segments
Creates sales enablement tools, webinars, support content and other relevant content in close collaboration with product management
Partners with Marketing Communications to develop key marketing campaign collateral and awareness vehicles to drive demand for their portfolio.

Minimum Qualifications:

BS degree in Life Sciences.
Experience in the NGS space
A minimum 8 years of Product Marketing experience and at least 3 years of experience in the NGS Life Science industry.
Experience project managing activities with cross-functional teams
Must be able to build credibility and relationships across functions and levels
Ability to highly effectively communicate and influence internal and external audiences, using both oral and written communication skills
High level of organization, multi-tasking, and attention to detail

Preferred Skills:

MS or PhD highly preferred
MBA with emphasis in marketing is preferred.
Market development and marketing communications experience highly desired
Exposure to single cell market a plus

AR-1Below is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range214,200—261,800 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    