About the role:
We are looking for an exceptional Software Engineer to build out our growing cloud infrastructure and HPC platform with a solid understanding of Linux, cloud, and distributed computing to join our team. Our multi-disciplinary team in microfluidics, biochemistry, mechanical engineering, computational biology, and software has a proven track record of delivering successful commercial products built on deep technological innovation. If you are a self-starter who is passionate about building and operating reliable, scalable and performant systems, and is excited to work in a highly collaborative environment alongside a diverse team of experts every day, join us at 10x Genomics.
What you will be doing:

Design, build, deploy, and maintain resilient and scalable services and High Performance Computing (HPC) systems in the cloud.
Scale systems and improve operational efficiency through extensive automation.
Collaborate with the software engineering team on continuous delivery and deployment.
Monitor infrastructure and applications for uptime and resource utilization, identify performance bottlenecks, troubleshoot and mitigate system issues, and develop solutions to improve reliability and performance.
Maintain detailed documentation of system build and operational procedures.
Participate in on-call rotations.

Minimum Requirements:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related field, or equivalent work experience.
5 years of software engineering experience in Python or Go.
3 years of software engineering with operations experience.
Experience with AWS services and infrastructure design.
Experience with Kubernetes, including installation, configuration, and troubleshooting.
Experience with Infrastructure as Code.
Experience with CICD tools and frameworks.

Preferred Skills and Experience:

Proficiency in shell scripting and at least one other language, e.g. Python or Go.
Ability to dive into unfamiliar code bases to troubleshoot and resolve issues.
Previous experience with container based solutions like Docker.
Knowledge of Linux kernel tuning, networking, and performance optimization.
Experience with service mesh tools like IstioConsul, etc.
Experience with deployment management tools like ArgoCD.
Experience in managing multi-petabyte scale network-attached storage (NAS) and operational knowledge of the NFS protocol.
Strong desire to learn and implement new technologies.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.

LI-RW1
LI-RemoteBelow is the U.S. base pay range for this full-time position. The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, experience, and location.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.   Your 10x recruiter can share more about the specific base pay range for your preferred location, as well as the Companys total compensation package, during the hiring process.Pay Range162,000—220,000 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    