About the role:
As the Channel Sales Executive in Tokyo, Japan you will be responsible for the territory sales plan. Having a strong technical knowledge in Next-Gen Sequencing andor Cell biology you will demonstrate technical credibility to effectively consult with customers to influence key decisions on technology and product choices. Strong business acumen is required to build successful account and territory plans and translate territory strategy into business results. The ideal candidate will have a strong history of account relationships with key thought leaders in the Next-Gen Sequencing andor cell biology space. 
What you will be doing:

Demonstrate technical credibility to consult with customers on technology solutions
Demonstrate funnel management skills with strong huntingprospecting and closing skills
Commitment to rigorous territory planning, market knowledge, both accurate and timely forecasting
Develop and manage a business plan to meet or exceed business goals for the territory
Team player and ability to build a collaborative and conducive work environment within APAC and Japan team
Understand the scientific project needs and business needs of the customer to provide suitable solutions
Consistently and accurately manage sales process including sales forecasting, pipeline management, and sales tracking using the CRM system and other designated IT tools
Develop and maintain current knowledge of genetic and spatial analysis markets, products, and buying practices required to effectively compete in the assigned territory
Utilize product and application knowledge across the genetic and spatial analysis portfolio to successfully conduct selling presentations
Assist in the identification and recruitment of new salespeople as required
Represent the company professionally, ethically, and morally at all times

Minimum Requirements:

Bachelors degree in Biology, Molecular Biology, Biochemistry, or related field; or the equivalent knowledge and experience
4-6 years channel sales experience in Life Science, with capital equipment experience
Extensive knowledge of Next-Gen Sequencing, Single Cell and Spatial Biology
Excellent communication skills and ability to work under pressure
Fluent English and Japanese language skills
Must be willing to travel up to 60

Preferred SkillsExperience:

A Masters or PhD degree is desirable
Strong desire to win business and establish long-term customer relationships

LI-KW1
LI-REMOTE
 About 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    