About the role
At 10x Genomics we innovate constantly, empowering our customers to discover new biology with previously unimagined breadth, depth and accuracy. As a Scientist, Applied Bioinformatics you will be at the center of innovation that builds and maintains an optimal Customer Experience for 10x Genomics products. We are seeking a multi-talented individual to join our 10x Applied Bioinformatics team. This individual will be a cross between a bioinformatics scientist, software engineer, and support engineerscientist. 
You must be an effective communicator and have a sincere desire to provide great support for our customers. You will work directly with our customers to provide first-class bioinformatics and software support. This is an exciting opportunity to work with a world-class team and become an expert with groundbreaking 10x Genomics software and bioinformatics applications. 
What will you be doing

Serve as a customer-facing expert on 10x Genomics software and bioinformatics products providing timely and expert resolutions to issues and questions
Manage the issue escalation process. Hold peer-level consultations with scientists and bioinformaticians at top academic, research, and corporate institutions. Partner daily with in-house RD scientists, computational biologists, and software engineers to provide timely resolution. 
Be the Voice of the Customer as a member of core product development teams. Distill, quantify, and actively represent customer feedback to internal teams. Use your Customer Perspective to advocate for the User Experience. 
Develop and maintain accessible software training material for internal and external training. 
Constantly learn new tools, algorithms, and analysis strategies being applied to 10x Genomics data developed both in-house and in the community. 
Bioinformatics outreach, virtual and in-person participation in trade shows, seminars, and technical symposia. Remote members must be able to travel up to 20, HQ based members up to 10. 

Minimum Qualifications 

4 years of Bioinformatics experience
Masters or PhD in Biology, Bioinformatics, Computer Science, or similar discipline or equivalent work experience 
Demonstrated experience implementing, troubleshooting and supporting bioinformatics software and pipelines.
Experience in UNIXLinux environments, and scripting or programming experience.

Preferred Skills  Experience 

Related Postdoctoral training
Hands-on experience analyzing 10x Genomics data
Bioinformatics consultations. Help wet-lab scientists analyze their data.
Bioinformatics teachingtraining
Experience deploying software on Amazon AWS and Google Compute Engine.
Experience usingtroubleshooting HPC issues (SGE, LFS, SLURM, etc).
Familiarity with Next Generation Sequencing technologies (NGS)
Growth mindset

LI-RW1
LI-OnsiteBelow is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range138,600—169,400 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    