We are seeking a passionate and result-driven professional to join and lead our growing global Procurement and Supplier Management Team. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in leading global procurement organizations including direct procurement of life science biological and chemical components as well as life science instrument components for manufacturing; indirect instruments, consumables, and services for RD, facilities, and SGA, and NPI sourcing and procurement for new product launches.
This is a very broad, varied, and technologically sophisticated mix of products and suppliers that run the gamut from inventors to multi-billion dollar international conglomerates. The candidate will also be responsible for overseeing the work of commodity managers and contract manufacturing partners, ensuring the successful production, on-time delivery, high quality and competitive cost of our innovative instruments.
Experienced leaders applying for this position must be strategic thinkers, team builders, goal strivers, skill trainers, and process and planning documenters that are action initiating, flexible in changing direction and methods, thrive in a fast-paced environment, excel at managing multiple priorities, and succeed in communicating with all levels within the organization and providing immediate contribution.
What you will be doing:

Oversee and foster strong relationships with internal customers such as RD, Production, Planning, Quality Control and Quality Assurance, Executive Management, NPI, CPD, etc.
Interface with, negotiate, and coordinate supplier relationships to make them partners in a successful enterprise from receivers to CEOs.
Set goals, measurements, and deliverables for all teams - internally and externally to continuously improve delivery to need, yields, efficiencies, quality, cycle time and inventory reduction.
Provide critical leadership for finding and selecting the best suppliers and partners for the launch of new instruments and consumables. This includes managing the criteria for best suppliers and vetting suppliers against this so that risks, capabilities, lead times, terms, and limitations of all suppliers is well understood and up to date.
Understand and establish new parameters for supplier contracts including statement of work, rates, terms, and problem resolution process.
Develop a superior Preferred Supplier list for each commodity and sub-commodity, vetting total cost and ensuring competitive advantage against known industry criteria.
Ensure multi-tier supply chain readiness and facilitate a smooth ramp-up of production.
Define a comprehensive quarterly or regular evaluation framework and conduct regular assessments of suppliers to ensure adherence to quality standards, service levels, and pricing competitiveness and proper positioning for continued success and improvement.
Identify opportunities to enhance both supplier and internal efficiency and implement process enhancements, driving continuous improvement initiatives.
Maintain supplier status and requirements for clear-to-build and perform risk assessments and management reviews of sub-tier supply chains. Implement effective supply chain risk mitigations.
Play a key role in the Engineering Change Request (ECR) and Engineering Change Order (ECO) process to ensure the smooth roll-out of new changes while minimizing excess and obsolete

Minimum Requirements:

Bachelors Degree in engineering or the sciences.
15 years of advancing responsibility and success in managing and directing the procurement of instruments, parts, and consumables in a fast-paced life science andor clinical diagnostic manufacturing environment.
Strong understanding of biologics, chemicals, related components, and instrument manufacturing and quality control methodologies and supply chain best practices.
Effective communicator, motivator, and leader with ability to influence at all levels.
Strong business acumen and comfortable making effective decisions in ambiguity and to listen to and lead Executives through multi-million dollar decisions and strategies.
Proven ability to conduct advanced analysis on large amounts of data to drive insights and make fact-based decisions.
A willingness to accept responsibility and risks in a transparent and inclusive process leveraging all available facts and influencers.
Comprehensive knowledge on contract commercial terms, competitive rates, and best practices and ability to lead supply agreement negotiations independently.
An expert who will co-develop a roadmap, implementation, and use of advanced systems to provide deep info on trends and supplydemand needs and make efficient use of procurement staff so that they can better drive and manage our supply partners.
A high integrity leader, committed to company success and team empowerment, with great energy and drive to be the best with superior relationship building, strategy development to support the larger organization, and team building.

 
Preferred Skills  Experience:

A Masters degree in Procurement or business.

 
 
 
LI-ES1 LI-onsiteBelow is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range233,100—284,900 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    