About the role:
In the Channel Business Manager role, you will be responsible for executing the overall sales strategy within the non-direct sales channels.  This includes developing on-boarding and training programs for partners, establishing and monitoring performance metrics and tools, assisting in quarterly business reviews, manage partner events, collaborate with marketing regarding promotional activities and tools, managing contracts and the channel compliance program.
This position can be located in Singapore or the Southeast Asia territories.  
What you will be doing:

Effectively onboard and offboard distributors in order to support global expansion and growth
Manage distributor contract renewal and amendment process
Coordinate with 3rd party to effectively manage the distributor compliance process
Execute internal standardize processes around current and new partnerships
Work closely with the Legal, Finance, Customer Service, Sales Operations, Service and Support functions to leverage and develop long standing relationships with our partners
Liaise and interact with global field teams including coordination across commercial functions to ensure strategic alignment.  Plan execution for continued success of the business
Attend distributor business reviews, and other activities to support growth
Coordinate distributor monthly call and trainings
Key contributor to the global distributor annual sales meeting planning
Management of the Partner Portal, distributor promotion metrics, and SFDC opportunity management system

Minimum Qualifications:  

Bachelors Degree, or equivalent
Multi-year experience within Life Sciences, Biotech, or Diagnostics in a global commercial capacity with a strong understanding of Academic, Pharmaceutical and Biotech customer segments
Experience in working with distributors, contract management and analytics reporting
Business level English language skills

Preferred Skills:  

Demonstrable ability to manage multiple complex individual and team assignments autonomously and executing on time
Excellent organization skills
First-rate interpersonal skills including communication, collaboration and negotiation capabilities
Self-starter with ability to take leadership in an unstructured environment
Willingness to develop creative solutions to overcome challenges
Proven ability to influence cross-functional teams with and without formal authority
About 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    