About the role:
The Sr. Customer Insights Manager will serve as a key member of the Customer and Market Insights team, working with cross functional partners and the executive management team to drive and implement long term growth strategies for 10x.  This position will be focused on advancing centralized market understanding of customers to inform opportunity assessments, forecasting and market outlook.  The role will combine both qualitative and quantitative research.
What you will be doing:

Building centralized, organizational understanding of 10x customers through capturing, analyzing, and creating actionable business insights and recommendations based on feedback from our customers throughout their customer journey . Applying voice of customer analysis  principles to help investigate trends among both existing and new potential customer segments.
Bringing customer-centricity and insights into strategic decision making across a variety of business questions  Understanding the business needs  problem statement. Scoping customer researchanalysis to best support the business question, including methodology and vendor selection where appropriate.  Developing the framework and coordinating with business to conduct research and collect data. Executing projects within agreed upon timelines and budgets.
Developing best in class analytics methodologies to extract insights that enable strategy development and decision-making with key stakeholders throughout the organization. Analyzing primary and secondary data. Managing data and mining from primary market research and secondary sources with comprehensive skill in Excel, statistical programming andor software.  
Partnering with and communicating results to team and management  Developing strong partnerships with cross-functional stakeholders including  marketing, sales, commercial operations and new products groups. Engaging relevant team members at key stages of projects to ensure critical business questions are adequately addressed and build appropriate buy-in. Synthesizing data beyond summary and crafting a clear story with emphasis on implications for business decisions. Organizing presentationsmeetings to share insights on a regular basis.   Responding to ad hoc requests for key commercial and business insights and possessing the inquisitiveness to anticipate and answer the follow-on questions that will result
Coordinating across business projects to ensure streamlined and efficient research design and collection processes. Where possible, proactively incorporating future business needs in scope and design of projects. Developing data and insights centralization to facilitate multidisciplinary teams to glean insights from multiple perspectives.

Minimum Requirements:

Bachelors Degree in a relevant field; MBA or other mastersadvanced degree in marketing, market research, statistics with relevant experience is preferred
6-8 years of experience in customer market research and analytics including both qualitative and quantitative survey design, execution, and analysis
Breadth of experience in market research methodologies and project types
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with ability to execute analysis in Excel or statistical programmingsoftware
Demonstrated ability to make sound business judgements and experience in turning data into actionable insights
A deep sense of curiosity about the life sciences and cutting edge research
Strong project management and organizational skills with the ability to balance diverse workload; strong attention to detail and delivery
Excellent written and verbal communication capabilities including preparing executive-ready presentations in PowerPoint
Fluency in English both written and oral mandatory
Demonstrated success working cross-functionally and collaboratively with internal and external stakeholders to drive results.
To be an energetic, resourceful self-starter with high integrity, strong executive presence and the ability to work effectively in a dynamic, entrepreneurial environment.

 
Preferred Qualifications:

Advanced analytics skills including incorporation of data science techniques (e.g, NLPML) into qualitative and quantitative data analysis
Subject matter experience in biology, genetics, genomics, or a related field highly valued

LI-AR1Below is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range154,800—189,200 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    