About the role:
The Science  Technology Advisor (STA) is primarily responsible for accelerating the sales process and maximizing revenue for every sales opportunity in their territory. They will conduct sales and related sales support activities for all products and applications within the 10x Genomics portfolio. The STA is a highly technical position and requires in depth knowledge of all products and applications within the 10x Genomics portfolio. The STA is expected to be a field technical expert and will sell products to specified academic, government, private, andor industrial accounts in an assigned territory. The incumbent will work from a remote location that must be located within the territory with a strong preference for ready access to a major airport.
What you will be doing:

Partner closely with the sales team to generate, qualify, and close sales opportunities
Work with product management, RD, applications, marketing, and field sales from 10x Genomics and distributors to develop and disseminate content, strategy, collaborations, and go-to market activities
Maintain appropriate records and provides relevant information to help forecast business as needed
Gather, process, and disseminate competitive intelligence and market feedback both to field sales as well as internal product management colleagues
Provide weekly, monthly, andor ad hoc businessactivity reports as required
Coordinate andor conducts both technical and promotional seminars, trade shows, vendor shows, and related activities as deemed necessary
Achieve assigned territory sales goals by calling on existing and potential new customers via field visits, email, telephone, video conference, etc
Work closely with sales team to develop specific account growth, penetration, and support activities
Provide mentorship, training, and education to colleagues, distributors, andor customers as applicable
Participate in other global and regional Science  Technology Advisor team activities as required

Minimum Requirements:

Strong Oral and Written Communication skills including small and large group presentations
Masters degree (or equivalent) in a relevant field of study
Experience with NGS, immunology, cell biology, molecular biology, oncology, neuroscience via prior work experience and education
Ability to effectively network in and outside of the company
Ability to walk and or stand up to 8 hours a day, and travel to meet with customers
Organized, detail oriented and results driven
Proficient in using MS Office Suite (e.g. PowerPoint, Excel, Word)
Overnight travel up to 50 of the time based on territory
Valid drivers license, acceptable motor vehicle, car insurance, and acceptable driving record
Proficient in Japanese and English

Preferred Skills and Experience:

PhD in a relevant field of study
Track record of success selling and negotiating
3 years commercial experience (Sales, Marketing, Support) in life science research industry serving academic, industrial, hospital, government, biotech andor biopharmaceutical accounts
Deep and broad NGS experience
Single cell and spatial genomics experience
Experience using a CRM system (e.g., SFDC)

LI-DM1LI-REMOTEAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    