About the role:
We are seeking an outstanding Director of Sustaining engineering to join the Manufacturing Systems Engineering (MSE) team at 10x Genomics.  The person in this role will be a leader in the Global Operations Engineering team.  This is a multi-disciplinary position that will work closely with a variety of groups including Instrument Manufacturing, Product Service and Support, and Instrument Lifecycle Engineering.  You will lead a team of engineers and technicians responsible for in-situ instruments sustaining engineering. This role partners with the Operations, NPI, Customer Support and RD teams to improve robustness and efficiencies across multiple products.
The ideal candidate will have a proven track-record in supporting complex on market equipment used in the life science or medical device industry. This person should have a broad understanding of mechanical systems and enjoy solving complex problems.  As a member of the team, we are driven to support 10x manufacturing and Service  Support teams to deliver products to our customers that enable them to accelerate our understanding of biology.
 
What you will be doing:

Sustain and improve on market products for reliability, out of box quality, supply, and part obsolescence.
Build, coach, and lead a diverse team of sustaining engineers and technicians.
Organize and manage projects to improve costs and product yield.
Identify opportunities to enhance both supplier quality, internal systems and implement process enhancements, to driving continuous improvements in on market products.
Move quickly across the organization to build consensus and take rapid action to address instrument issues.
Drive the team to achieve short- and long-term hardware reliability goals.
Manage return process and refurbishment programs internally and with our suppliers.
Drive innovation and continuous improvement in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.

 
Minimum Requirements: 

BS in electrical, mechanical, or manufacturing engineering.
At least 10 years of experience, preferably within biotechnology or life science engineering or manufacturing.
Previous management experience, demonstration of increasing responsibilities, ideally prior Director level experience.
Experience with structured problem-solving methods, comfortable using large data sets to drive decisions.
Ability to travel internationally as needed.
Ability to perform under pressure and adapt to changes (e.g., priorities and timelines)
Strong written and oral communication skills

 
Preferred Skills and Experience:

Advanced Engineering or Science degree a plus.
Direct experience managing contract manufactures.
Experience in a fast-paced life science, medical device, or clinical diagnostic manufacturing environment.
Desire to build game-changing technologies and impact the world of life science research.

 
LI-MH1 LI-Onsite 
 Below is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range205,200—250,800 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    