About the role:
As a Sales Executive you will be building and sustaining successful, long-term, relationships in the NGS (Next Generation Sequencing) arena. This will involve demonstrating strong technical knowledge credibility to effectively consult with customers and influence key decisions on technology and product choices. Strong business acumen will help to build successful account and territory plans which translate territory strategy into business results.
What you will be doing:

Demonstrate technical credibility to consult with customers on technology solutions
Demonstrate funnel management skills with strong huntingprospecting and closing skills
Commitment to rigorous territory planning, market knowledge, both accurate and timely forecasting
Develop and manage a business plan to meet or exceed business goals for the territory
Understand scientific project and business needs of the customer to win the business
Consistently and accurately manage sales process including sales forecasting, pipeline management, and sales tracking through the use of the CRM system and other designated IT tools
Develop and maintain current knowledge of genetic analysis markets, products, and buying practices required to effectively compete in the assigned territory
Utilise product and application knowledge across the genetic analysis portfolio to successfully conduct selling presentations
Ensure full customer satisfaction whilst representing 10x Genomics professionally, ethically and morally at all times

Minimum Requirements:

Demonstrable, relevant, skills needed for a NGS field sales role (i.e. minimum Bachelors Degree in Biology, Molecular Biology, Biochemistry or related field; or the equivalent knowledge and experience)
Previous sales experience in Life Science, with capital equipment
Strong desire to win business and establish long term customer relationships
Extensive knowledge of NGS
Willingness to travel up to 80
Fluent English and French language skills

Preferred Skills and Experience:

Masters Degree or PhD. in Biology, Molecular Biology, Biochemistry or related field
Experience of using a CRM system (Ideally SFDC)

LI-DM1
LI-REMOTEAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    