Salesforce Service Cloud Product Owner
The Commercial Operations Salesforce Product Owner is a team member in Commercial Operations who supports other functional groups including Customer Service, Technical Support, Marketing, and others to drive and measure efficiency and a better understanding of our business and customers through use of digital tools. They will have a primary focus on Salesforce.com administration, though other integrated platforms are also in scope including Zendesk and ServiceMax. The Product Owner will contribute to cross-functional initiatives and is responsible for upkeep of the current platform, maintenance of high-quality data, and creation of new functionalities. 
Individuals applying for this position must be self-starters, strategic thinkers, action driven, flexible in changing direction and methods, thrive in a fast-paced environment, excel at managing multiple priorities, succeed in communicating with all levels within the organization and provide immediate contribution.
What you will be doing:

Own overall success of the Salesforce.com Service Cloud product and Zendesk.
Contribute to vision and strategy for Service Cloud projects and continuous improvement.
Collaborate with Stakeholder teams and others in the Commercial Operations team to define improved business value and ROI delivery for Service Cloud.
Define business case; develop User Stories and Requirements to ensure consistent product delivery.
Manage backlog, iteration planning for Salesforce Service Cloud.
Plan and approve release content and functionality.
Resolve impediments to ensure completion of sprint goals.
Work closely with Productivity Engineering to ensure alignment with other systems and platforms.
Plan and contribute to the execution of change management and training.
Create communications that describe newly created platform functionality and provide instruction for Users about how to use it effectively. 
Work with leadership to maintain product roadmap learning current business processes and transforming that to a modernefficient business workflow.
Define, prioritize, and groom the product backlog; sets prioritiesgoals for the iteration.
Own the Definition of Done and evaluate whether we can deliver sufficient additional value compared to other items on the backlog.
Own resolution of daily scopeproduct requirements blockers for the delivery team.
Create and manage reports and dashboards to allow visibility into the effectiveness of service oriented processes.
Ongoing support of key commercial activities including but not limited to: customer service and technical support training programs, strong liaison with Sales (both Inside and Field).  

Minimum Qualifications:

Bachelors degree required, or equivalent work experience.
7 years of experience in relevant technology-based commercial job functions. e.g. sales, business, strategic planning, management consulting
Salesforce Admin Certification
Previous experience in software development andor support and knowledge of Agile development models
Intimate knowledge of Salesforce Lightning, Service Cloud and Zendesk is required.

Preferred Skills:

Strong interpersonal skills including communication, collaboration, and negotiation capabilities.
Knowledge of Salesforce Case Assignment routing, Configure Price Quote (CPQ), Knowledgebase, CTI, Chat bot, EDI, and ERP integrations. 
Familiarity with Zendesk and ServiceMax
Effective presentation and communication skills with industry professionals, scientists, peers, and senior management
Self-starter with ability to take leadership in an unstructured environment.
Proven ability to influence cross-functional teams with and without formal authority.
Excellent Excel modeling skills are essential.
Learning  development or instructional design experience is a plus.
Ability to project manage independently and to operate under tight deadlines. 
Strong organizational skills with high attention to detail

THIS IS A FULLY REMOTE POSITION AND CAN BE BASED ANYWHERE IN THE USA 
LI-AR
REMOTEBelow is the U.S. base pay range for this full-time position. The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, experience, and location.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.   Your 10x recruiter can share more about the specific base pay range for your preferred location, as well as the Companys total compensation package, during the hiring process.Pay Range162,900—199,100 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    