About the role:We are seeking an outstanding Incoming Inspection QC Technician to join the 10x Quality Group ensuring that only high quality components are accepted into inventory.The ideal candidate will play a key role in determining product incoming acceptance of parts per customer drawings and workmanship standards. You will make use of monitoring and measurement devices, as well as perform visual inspection. You will document and submit the results of inspection and testing activities in both paper and electronic systems. You will determine and may assist in developing methods and procedures for quality inspection and control.
What you will be doing: Perform inspections to determine the quality of both plasticmetal components and electromechanical assemblies, visually and dimensionally, based upon internal and customer supplied workmanship standards and drawing specifications. Areas of inspection will include primarily plastic, machining, sheet metal fabrication, paint and weld, but may extend to clean room and final assembly inspection. Perform receiving inspection on incoming purchased components and raw materials. Assist in developing methods and procedures for quality inspection and control. Apply final labels or markings as required to demonstrate product acceptance. Document and communicate any non-conformances identified during inspection activities. Perform calibration audits and support internal calibration activities. Complete daily reports of inspection activities. Visual acuity and manual dexterity are required. Ability to sit, stand, walk, bend and lift up to 25 lbs.
To be successful, you will need: High School Diploma or college courses Minimum of 1-2 years of quality assurance experience in a manufacturing environment Experience reading and interpreting Bill of Materials (BOM), workmanship standards and customer engineering specifications Experience with basic inspection equipment and measurement such as, but not limited to, caliper, micrometer, pin gauges, etc. Competent in word processing, spreadsheets, and data analysis. Effective oral and written communication skills. Must be flexible in regards to overtime availability and work with minimal supervision.
Nice to have skills  background: OperatingProgramming an optical CMM (Optical Gaging Products (OGP) using Zone3 software Knowledge of GDT drawings consistent with the latest revisions of the ASME standards. Experience working in GMP environment with LIMS Experience with ISO9001, ISO13485, and FDA 21 CFR part 820 Standards-LI-AA1Below is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range61,200—74,800 USDThis can be used for hourly based jobs.Hourly29.40—35.90 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    