
About the Role:
 
The Sales Associate, Northeast (New York) manages the customer sales process for all products lines, accounts andor sales opportunities. Responsibilities include generating qualified sales leads, developing and implementing sales plans through both strategic and tactical activities, engaging with existing customers, guiding customers to products that best meet their needs, coordinating with internal team to address customer questionsobjections, providing budgetary pricing, negotiating win-win deals and closing the sales. The role also collaborates closely with the wider sales team to meet and exceed sales quotas for a specific product line, account type andor sales territory, accurately forecast sales projections, and provide regular updates on status of sales opportunities.
What you will be doing: 

Manages the customer sales process for specific territories, products lines andor accounts.
Partner with territory sales team to meet sales targets, provide accurate forecasting, and maintain lead, opportunity, and customer information in the CRM database.
Responsible for growth of pre-defined accounts to meet and exceed revenue goals.
Uses in-depth knowledge of 10x technology, products and services to help customers formulate strategy for their project  business direction. Anticipates and identifies customer problems  needs and recommends appropriate solutions.
Travels to customer and prospect accounts, conferences, and 10x sponsored events as needed to drive successful growth of the business.
Independently establishes and executes on strategies for identifying and obtaining new customers and maintains  grows existing customer accounts in order to meet and exceed revenue goals.
Identifies possible risk to business and makes decisions to determine next steps to mitigate risk and ensure growth of sales pipeline.
Engages cross-functional departments to build and deploy specific strategies to drive revenue growth at a district, territory, andor account level. 
Actively pulls together people across functionalproduct lines to solve customer issuesproblems.
Establishes and maintains strong, positive, productive relationships with clients including product end-users, management and purchasing contacts.
Tracks ROI of strategic efforts and reports on all activities to managers.

Minimum Requirements: 

B.S. in Life Sciences, Biochemistry, or Genetics.
Strong Genetics and Molecular Biology foundation to allow for a better understanding of the broad variation of customer applications in order to uncover sales potential.
Proven successful sales experience with a technical product line within the life sciences industry.
Demonstrated ability to quickly grasp and master highly technical concepts and articulate them well to others.
Outstanding relationship building and interpersonal skills.
Strong ability to identify customer needs.
Demonstrated ability to solve problems and work effectively in a team environment.
Proficient with Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook and CRM database required.
Travel 10-25

Preferred Qualifications:

NGS experience strongly preferred
Genomics sales background or experience is highly preferred
Exceptional listening, verbal and written communication skills. Ability to articulate well and think quickly on your feet.

LI-Remote
LI-AR1
Below is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range74,700—91,300 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    