About the role:
We are looking to hire an experienced senior leader in manufacturing and finished goods global distribution and logistics located in Pleasanton, CA.  This leader will innovate, drive, and deploy global distribution strategies to meet the needs of the company.  As the Senior Director of Global Distribution, the individual will work with business partners across the company to develop global distribution strategies, identify global distribution partners, build 10x Distribution Centers, and implement logistics processes to support all internal and external logistics activities.   This individual will also be responsible for identifying opportunities for transportation and warehousing service improvement and for developing new capabilities and solutions to support global business expansion. 
 
What you will be doing: 

Direct the global distribution and logistics teams including trade compliance,  regional distribution centers (direct and 3PL), transportation management, production warehouse operations in Singapore, Pleasanton, and Taiwan, cycle counting, and process improvement with resources in America, Asia, and Europe. 
Strategize, implement, document, and train the various teams directing the movement and management of our Cold Chain and Ambient Inventories world-wide to fulfill the needs of Production, RD, Service, and essential Customer Demand in a closely measured, fast, efficient, and transparent process.
Develop processes, procedures, and metrics to ensure accurate and timely receiving, put away, cycle count, picking, packing, shipping, 3PL Management, Global Transport, Trade Compliance, Shelf-Life Management, and on-time delivery of customer sales orders.
Develop and Manage both direct and indirect materials receiving and processing both internally as well as external logistics partners with clear performance metrics and visibility of receipts, issues, inventory management accuracy, cycle time, and continuous improvement.
Develop a team of subject matter experts in Cold Chain Logistics processes and technology globally and lead the development of global logistics systems and process roadmaps, capabilities, and solutions coordinating across the globe.
Collaborate with and influence key stakeholders to identify, align and execute strategic plans that deliver on efficiency targets through standardized Logistics process and technology.
Drive world-class performance and pricing and subject matter experts in freight forwarding, import export compliance, 3PL and warehousing system implementation.
Manage distribution centers budget, track key cost performance indicators and develop strategies to assure total lowest cost while mitigating risk and optimizing performance.
Participate in global ERP enhancements including development and implementation of industry best processes for warehousing and logistics automation.
Oversee the development and continuous improvement of process and technology through documentation, training, automation, and process controls.
Work closely with the Commercial and Finance leadership to deliver predictable and best in class sales order fulfillment.

 
Minimum Requirements: 

BABS with focus in Logistics, Operations, Transportation, Supply Chain, IT or related fields.
15 years of in-depth knowledge and expertise within Cold-Chain Logistics. Logistics experience in AMER, EMEA and APAC.
Technical experience in warehouse management systems, Oracle WMS cloud preferred.
Demonstrated ability and proven leader to manage manufacturing, finished goods distribution, and RD and internal support across global geographies and organizational levels to the highest level.
Knowledgeable in all relevant trade compliance and local regulations.
Ability to influence, inspire, motivate, and negotiate at multiple organizational levels.
Ability to effectively train international teams with external and internal users of new processes or technologies.
Outstanding leadership and collaboration skills with Order Administration, Customer Service, and Global Service Providers.
Commitment to problem solve using data
Strong interpersonal and intellectual skills - EQ and IQ
Must be able to work onsite in Pleasanton CA HQ 

 
Preferred Skills  Qualifications:

Experience with Oracle WMS Cloud

 
LI-MH1 LI-Onsite Below is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range239,400—292,600 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    