About the Role
We are seeking an experienced, collaborative and results-oriented individual to join our 10X team in Taiwan as a Senior Financial Analyst. This position will provide financial planning, analysis, and reporting for our Operations team that will help guide the business decisions of Senior Leaders. The ideal candidate will have a strong planning and analysis background with an understanding of the fundamentals of general and cost accounting.  Individuals applying for this position must be self-starters, strategic thinkers, action driven, flexible in changing direction and methods, thrive in a fast-paced environment, excel at managing multiple priorities, succeed in communicating with all levels within the organization and provide immediate contribution.
What you will be doing:

Provide day to day FPA and Accounting support to the Manufacturing  Operations team in Taiwan  APAC
Perform and drive Monthly, Quarterly and Annual Ledger closing, reconciliation and reporting activities.
Responsible for all aspects of management reporting and variance analysis, including department expenses, capital expenditures, headcount, work order variances, scrap and other cost of goods sold (actual to budgetsforecasts).
Manage annual budgeting and quarterly forecasting process for the Manufacturing and Operations team.
Accurate completion of KPIs for monthlyquarterlyannual review and reporting.
Forecast and analyze inventory, including absorption, cycle count, revaluation and EO.
Build strong partnership with business owners; be a key stakeholder and partner in defining cost efficiency targets and action plans.
Handle CT Taiwan costing and BOM cost roll
Monitor Accounts Payable aging and process invoices
Assist in quarterly VAT filings and annual statutory audit
Develop financial models from Oracle to drive cost evaluations, decisions, negotiations and then liaise with CPA firms to prep local accounting and tax reports
Collaborate with other functions and IT on process improvement and to continue development of automated management reporting

Minimum Requirements:

7 years of relevant experience in a financial planning and analysis role and a BA or BS degree.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skillsmodeling.
Proven track record in a corporate FPA or accounting role.
Language proficiency in English and Mandarin
Highly detail oriented and organized.
Experience in financial and cost accounting in a manufacturing environment
Ability to apply knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (US GAAP).
Advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills required.
Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills are required.
Demonstrated success working in a deadline driven and multi-task, fast-paced environment.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with Oracle and Anaplan a plus
Experience in biotech or pharmaceuticals industry is a plus.
Experience in multinational organizations is a plus.

LI-OnsiteBelow is the salary range for this position.  The actual salary range will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  As a full-time employee, you will also be eligible to receive a competitive compensation package and certain employee benefits including paid time off, holiday pay, and Company-sponsored medical insurance.  Depending on the role, your salary may include certain regular allowances and you may also be eligible to participate in the Companys sales incentive plan or annual bonus program.Monthly Salary165,642—202,429 TWDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    