As part of the Instrument Services team, you will take ownership of cases assigned, driving  delivering high quality service resolution; provide timely onsite support to address service repair issues at customer sites according to contract prioritisation. Ensure the timely completion of all required service documentation. Follow up with customers regarding instrument performance post service intervention. Communicate proactively and share information with field team members, Service Operation team, Technical Service and Customer Service teams, in addition to other support functions to ensure the success of 10X Genomics.
Youll actively contribute to the Service Knowledge Base and support increased utilisation of the knowledge management database. Provide feedback to the Field Service leadership regarding Field Service Engineer training and development needs. Recommend methods to improve field service efficiency and productivity working together with regional teams. Identify opportunities to improve overall service delivery processes, remote tools, support capabilities, and customer satisfaction.
As a Field Service Engineer you will perform assembly, disassembly, and repair work on analytical laboratory instruments and equipment. Effectively and safely utilise test equipment, hand tools and power tools when needed. 
Youll be responsible for documentation as required by company policy, cGMP, ISO, Regulatory agencies etc. and serve as a regional subject matter expert when the Key Market Technical Engineer for the region is unavailable. 
Additionally, youll support the loading and updating of software, calibrations, preventive maintenance, and Pre-staging of new equipment. Monitor personal parts stock, test equipment and test tools inventory to ensure proper levels and current calibration certificates are readily available for typical servicing of instruments. Conduct advanced, complex service tasks and instrument configurations. Provide oversight of field based on the job training and direction to other team members performing service activities.
What youll be doing:

Test, troubleshoot and advise others in the repair of analytical laboratory instruments to the Field Replaceable Unit (FRU) level
Analyse complex situations and apply independent judgment when accessing problems
Interpret past repairs on analytical laboratory instruments to resolve and diagnosis new highly complex issues
Assemble and disassemble analytical laboratory instruments
Support Pre-staging of instruments to ensure full functionality prior to Sales Inventory transfer
Perform advanced electronic, mechanical, pneumatic, programmable logic controllers, liquid, gas, fluidics, and electrical repairs associated analytical laboratory instruments and equipment
Provide field based on the job training for Field Service Engineers on the proper preventive maintenance, calibration, and service techniques for analytical laboratory instruments
Responsible for supporting upgrade release activities including calibration and configuration of analytical laboratory instruments
Monitor personal inventory levels to ensure adequate levels of parts and supplies are available on hand, if not place orders for supplies following company procedures

 To be successful you will need:           

Bachelors degree in Biomedical Engineering  Technology (or equivalent), and multi-year experience with the service and repair of analytical laboratory instruments
Demonstrated ability to operate without supervision and manage multiple priorities
Excellent customer facing communication and interpersonal skills
Detail and action oriented, self-directed, and able to effectively direct others in a collaborative manner
Excellent time management skills, with a focus on effective scheduling, prioritisation, delegation, and the ability to coordinate and address competing demands
Working knowledge of Microsoft application suite including Excel, Word, and PowerPoint
Demonstrated leadership skills, with a focus on the effective coaching of non-direct reports and leading by example
Demonstrable understanding of critical Customer Experience factors and how to use that understanding to support customer loyalty initiatives
Fluent Mandarin and English language skills
Willingness to travel up to 75

LI-DM1About 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    