About the RoleTeam:
Under the direction of the Accounts Receivable Manager, this individual will be an integral member of the accounting team.  This individual will partner with other departments within the company to streamline processes that impact the accounting function.
Individuals applying for this position must be self-starters, flexible in changing direction and methods, thrive in a fast-paced environment, excel at managing multiple priorities, able to effectively communicate with all levels within the organization and have the prior work experience to immediately contribute to the accounting close processes as well as invoicing and collections processes.  
The ideal candidate will have a strong attention to detail who will work well as part of a team. Must have excellent time management abilities, deadline oriented and provide great customer service. This person needs to be extremely organized in order to keep track of all of the emails, letters and calls related to customer invoices.
What you will be doing:

The AR Specialist will be responsible for major areas of the accounting function including cash applications, collections, portal invoicing, and credit
Assisting with customer correspondence and implementation
Daily processing of customer invoices.
Collections and responding to customer inquiries or concerns.
Resolving payment discrepancies
Posting of accounts receivable payments
Processing refunds
Partner with operations partners to ensure accurate information is entered into the sales order system.
Monthly, quarterly and annual close process including account reconciliations and account review.
Assist and interface with external auditors for annual audit.
Process documentation in compliance with Sarbanes Oxley requirements.
Producing reports as required by management

Minimum Requirements:

3 to 5 years of experience working in the general accounting function
Strong knowledge of general accounting with strong attention to detail.
Strong MS Office skills, especially Excel skills.
Excellent analytical, interpersonal and communication skills.
Be able to build strong working relationships with stakeholders
Must manage multiple priorities well and handle projects with short deadlines with extreme attention to detail.
Ability to work in a team-based environment.
Must be able to take full ownership of assignments and responsibilities.

Preferred Qualifications:

BA degree preferred
Prior experience in Oracle Cloud is a plus
Below is the base pay range for this full time position.  The actual base pay will depend on several factors unique to each candidate, including ones skills, qualifications, and experience.  At 10x, base pay is also just one component of the Companys total compensation package.  This role is also eligible for 10xs equity grants, its comprehensive health and retirement benefit programs, and its annual bonus program or sales incentive program.  Your 10x recruiter can share more about the Companys total compensation package during the hiring process.Pay Range85,500—104,500 USDAbout 10x Genomics
At 10x Genomics, accelerating our understanding of biology is more than a mission for us. It is a commitment. This is the century of biology, and the breakthroughs we make now have the potential to change the world.We enable scientists to advance their research, allowing them to address scientific questions they did not even know they could ask. Our tools have enabled fundamental discoveries across biology including cancer, immunology, and neuroscience.Our teams are empowered and encouraged to follow their passions, pursue new ideas, and perform at their best in an inclusive and dynamic environment. We know that behind every scientific breakthrough, there is a deep infrastructure of talented people driving the life sciences industry and making it possible for scientists and clinicians to make new strides. We are dedicated to finding the very best person for every aspect of our work because the innovations and discoveries that we enable together will lead to better technologies, better treatments, and a better future. Find out how you can make a 10x difference. 
Individuals seeking employment at 10x Genomics are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
10x does not accept unsolicited applicants submitted by third-party recruiters or agencies. Any resume or application submitted to 10x without a vendor agreement in place will be considered unsolicited and property of 10x, and 10x will not pay a placement fee.
    