11:FS is on a mission to change the fabric of financial services. Our Ventures practice builds challenger propositions globally, like we did for Natwest with Mettle. Our Pulse team creates a benchmarking tool used by the likes of Monzo, Starling, Natwest and Tesco Bank. On top of all of that, were a media company, our Growth team generate a stream of content that supports our brand and changes the conversation - not necessarily in that order.
To do this we need an amazing team so we have pulled together the best in financial services and beyond.
We truly live our values at 11:FS, and they are critical to your entire journey here. Cultural Add is as, if not more, important as pure technical fit, and as part of your interview process well deep dive in our values and your beliefs. Everyone at 11:FS fits our 4 core values: Team, Attitude, Communication and Impact, and this remains at the core of our growth.

 Overview of the role
Associate UX Research Analysts play a central part of our growing and ambitious Pulse content team. In this role, youll leverage your UX expertise and fintech knowledge to evaluate financial user journeys from all over the world.  This position plays a key role in ensuring that the Pulse platform consistently features fresh, high-quality insights. Beyond user journey analysis, youll craft insightful editorial content that identifies key fintech trends and highlights product solutions beneficial for financial services. This role serves as an excellent opportunity to enter the world of fintech and expand your UX skills and understanding. Pulse is known for setting a benchmark in UX standards and having an authoritative voice in fintech  you can be a central part of that mission. 
 
Responsibilities 

Utilising your experience in UX to conduct expert analysis of financial apps and websites
Acquiring user journeys from our panel of users
Developing a good understanding of the fintech market and specialising within a particular area of it
Helping the Pulse team identify new financial service products to include on the platform
Produce editorial content to guide Pulse users towards particularly interesting or high-quality product experiences, eg producing playlists with commentary
Contributing towards our weekly newsletter, writing about trending financial servicesfintech topics (e.g. banking, blockchaincrypto, investing, insurance etc)
Playing an active role in the Content Teams long-form editorial ambitions
Benchmarking financial products UX and features with the Research team 
Helping clients identify useful user journeys and good UX Practices
Working closely with a friendly team on a day-to-day basis

 
Experience and qualifications

1 years of experience in the field of UX (or similar):
Interested and knowledgeable about UXUI Design
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Enjoy writing and have can write at a relatively fast pace
Interest in fintechfinancial services and eager to learn more about the industry and the products within it
A collaborative and engaged team player
Has an interest in specialising within a specific area of fintechfinance 
 

We strongly encourage people of colour, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and non-binary people, parents, and individuals with disabilities to apply. 11:FS is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes everyone to our team. If you need reasonable adjustments at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.

In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example - sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).