11:FS is on a mission to change the fabric of financial services. Our Ventures practice builds challenger propositions globally, like we did for Natwest with Mettle. Our Pulse team creates a benchmarking tool used by the likes of Monzo, Starling, Natwest and Tesco Bank. On top of all of that, were a media company, our Growth team generate a stream of content that supports our brand and changes the conversation - not necessarily in that order.
To do this we need an amazing team so we have pulled together the best in financial services and beyond.
We truly live our values at 11:FS, and they are critical to your entire journey here. Cultural Add is as, if not more, important as pure technical fit, and as part of your interview process well deep dive in our values and your beliefs. Everyone at 11:FS fits our 4 core values: Team, Attitude, Communication and Impact, and this remains at the core of our growth.

 Scope and Impact
In this role youll be working in the heart of the dynamic fintech market. Youll play a role in defining, developing and launching services around the world that change the way that finance works. Our ambition is to create new businesses that have the customer at their centre. The research you support will identify opportunities for our clients to design, develop and deliver new financial services that serve currently unmet customer needs. 
What youll be doing
We are looking for a Strategist to work on client engagements. You will:

Work in small teams of researchers, strategists, product managers, designers and clients, to identify, create and develop world-class digital financial propositions and get them to market.
Work directly on a wide variety of client projects, researching, benchmarking and analysing technologies, vendors, business models and customer propositions to address the specific challenges faced by our clients.
Develop and deploy a growing understanding of fintech, including both direct-to-customer propositions and emerging technology vendors, the technologies that underlie their solutions, and the business models they operate. 
Be able to interview both business executives and consumers and then apply Jobs to be Done thinking to identify underserved opportunities in the market to create differentiated, digitally native propositions.
Research, draft and deliver high-quality, timely and relevant insights, advice and recommendations to our clients through projects, advisory, articles, blogs and other formats.

Your Experience and Mindset
As a Strategist, you will need:

Passion, curiosity and a growing understanding of fintech and the future of financial services. 
Strong opinions and expertise about how technology is changing or will change how banking, payments, investments and insurance work and the future of financial services.
Relevant experience in formulating strategy or providing advice from either the financial services industry or the technology industry, ideally both.
Comfort and enthusiasm for collaborating with diverse, multi-disciplinary teams in an agile environment, or working independently when needed.
Flexibility and willingness to work in a variety of different roles on a range of different projects.
 

We strongly encourage people of colour, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and non-binary people, parents, and individuals with disabilities to apply. 11:FS is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes everyone to our team. If you need reasonable adjustments at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.

In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example - sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).