11:FS is on a mission to change the fabric of financial services. Our Ventures practice builds challenger propositions globally, like we did for Natwest with Mettle. Our Pulse team creates a benchmarking tool used by the likes of Monzo, Starling, Natwest and Tesco Bank. On top of all of that, were a media company, our Growth team generate a stream of content that supports our brand and changes the conversation - not necessarily in that order.
To do this we need an amazing team so we have pulled together the best in financial services and beyond.
We truly live our values at 11:FS, and they are critical to your entire journey here. Cultural Add is as, if not more, important as pure technical fit, and as part of your interview process well deep dive in our values and your beliefs. Everyone at 11:FS fits our 4 core values: Team, Attitude, Communication and Impact, and this remains at the core of our growth.

 As our People Partner youll be on a mission to foster a collaborative, high performing, inclusive and healthy culture where our Elevens thrive and talent is unleashed. This role will roughly be split with 70 of the persons time focusing on People Experience, and the other 30 supporting with hiring and attraction. This role will be fundamental in driving 11:FSs strategy and growth through a people lens.
The finer details of the role

Manage all aspects of the employee life cycle, including onboarding, probation, policies  process improvement, performance management, benefits, payroll review, LD, engagementEVP, retention, reward and offboarding.
Provide proactive support, coaching, and guidance on all things people related to senior leaders and managers.
Develop and deliver scalable initiatives, policies and embed our rituals and rhythms to supercharge the employee experience, job satisfaction, and morale. 
Lead on complex employee relations cases with empathy and have a focus on upskilling managers in order to mitigate risks and minimise escalations.
Act as a strategic partner, working closely with senior stakeholders and Workforce Ops Manager to determine future hires and develop robust recruitment plans and strategies.
Support with the recruitment process, including sourcing and selection, screening, interviewing, offer management and contracts. Occasionally working with agencies on niche roles.
Ideate, improve and be a key driver in shaping our DEI, Values and Wellbeing strategy and roadmap.
Ensuring utilisation  data integrity of all people systems. This includes BambooHR, 15Five, CultureAmp, Enboarder, Google Suite, Notion, Greenhouse.
Proactively identify people issues and trends within the business using HR metricsKPIs, and work with key stakeholders to formulate solutions.

Wed like to hear from you if you

Have 5 years of generalist HR experience, ideally as a People Partner within a fast-growing, DigitalTechnology, FinTech or Start-Up.
Have strong knowledge of UK employment law and best practice and experience with restructure, change and developing HR strategies.
Have previous recruitment experience and comfortable hiring a range of types of roles - we need support for hiring everything from Product to Sales to Tech roles.
Are confident working in a standalone HR role - you will have support from the CoS, Workforce Ops manage and the SLT.
Genuinely care about working with employees, offering empathy, building trust quickly throughout your area of responsibility.
Possess outstanding communication skills, are proactive and adapt to different types of situations with authenticity and a can-do attitude approach.
Can demonstrate analytical, problem solving and decision making skills.
Are organised and have a high attention to detail.
Can work under pressure and meet deadlines while working with ambiguity.
Are results-oriented mindset, not scared by stretch goals.

Benefits

Competitive salary 
25 days annual leave, birthday day off  Christmas shutdown! 
Top level BUPA health and dental insurance 
Work from anywhere 3 months of the year 
Hybrid working 
Annual learning budget 
Enhanced parental leave 
Cycle to work scheme 
Top spec MacBook Pro 
Regular socials 
 

We strongly encourage people of colour, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and non-binary people, parents, and individuals with disabilities to apply. 11:FS is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes everyone to our team. If you need reasonable adjustments at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.

In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example - sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).