11:FS is on a mission to change the fabric of financial services. Our Ventures practice builds challenger propositions globally, like we did for Natwest with Mettle. Our Pulse team creates a benchmarking tool used by the likes of Monzo, Starling, Natwest and Tesco Bank. On top of all of that, were a media company, our Growth team generate a stream of content that supports our brand and changes the conversation - not necessarily in that order.
To do this we need an amazing team so we have pulled together the best in financial services and beyond.
We truly live our values at 11:FS, and they are critical to your entire journey here. Cultural Add is as, if not more, important as pure technical fit, and as part of your interview process well deep dive in our values and your beliefs. Everyone at 11:FS fits our 4 core values: Team, Attitude, Communication and Impact, and this remains at the core of our growth.

 Role Overview
The role of Account Manager is a pretty straightforward one as the name suggests. We have built a super awesome and market-leading product called 11:FS Pulse, which helps its customers understand what the best and the competitors experiences look like. This roles main responsibility is to manage relationships with our customers and their organisations, ensuring that they are set up for success, develop long-term relationships and meet commercial targets.
You will need to develop a deep understanding of the Jobs To Be Done that 11:FS Pulse solves for different people within the organisations that we serve. These range from HSBC to Monzo and giants of the industry to very small startups who aspire to change the industry.
Responsibilities  Attributes
Account Management

Onboard new clients and help users get the most out of the platform
Manage ongoing client relationships at a strategic level, including regular account reviews, briefings on industry trends, communicating product updates, etc
Administer client accounts day to day, including being the primary point of contact and handling requests for content and seat changes
Share responsibility for responding to and resolving ad-hoc customer issues with the product team
Gather customer feedback and insight and share them with the product and marketing teams
Input into the products strategic direction, near-term product roadmap and marketing strategy
Proactively identify opportunities for Pulse to expand to serve users in different client functionstypes
Own the engagement metrics for your accounts and work with the Product Team on optimising these

Renewals and Upselling

In this role you will carry financial targets for subscription renewals and upselling
In order to achieve these you will need to:

Develop a deep understanding of our clients business needs and match them with the product
Identify additional use cases for both existing users and other potential users within your allocated accounts
Identify additional buying centres and navigate complex enterprise business structures

You will also proactively identify opportunities for research and consultancy projects and communicate those to colleagues in the wider 11:FS business

Experience and qualifications

Experience managing customers of value-based solutions or SaaS
Demonstrable evidence of track record of success in the digital services and technology areas, including key account management success
Proven farmer, able to demonstrate success in developing business opportunities through the deepening of relationships
Expertise in navigating an enterprise hierarchy, influencing across the powerbase
Excellent communication (written and verbal), interpersonal and presentation skills
Able to communicate value, build relationships and cross and upsell across the wider 11:FS proposition
Experience and success working with a complex, solution-based value sales process in a fast-paced high growth constantly evolving company
Exemplary and highly driven work ethic, with a desire to realise exceptional outcomes and results for 11:FS and our clients
 

We strongly encourage people of colour, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and non-binary people, parents, and individuals with disabilities to apply. 11:FS is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes everyone to our team. If you need reasonable adjustments at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.

In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example - sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).