11:FS is on a mission to change the fabric of financial services. Our Ventures practice builds challenger propositions globally, like we did for Natwest with Mettle. Our Pulse team creates a benchmarking tool used by the likes of Monzo, Starling, Natwest and Tesco Bank. On top of all of that, were a media company, our Growth team generate a stream of content that supports our brand and changes the conversation - not necessarily in that order.
To do this we need an amazing team so we have pulled together the best in financial services and beyond.
We truly live our values at 11:FS, and they are critical to your entire journey here. Cultural Add is as, if not more, important as pure technical fit, and as part of your interview process well deep dive in our values and your beliefs. Everyone at 11:FS fits our 4 core values: Team, Attitude, Communication and Impact, and this remains at the core of our growth.

 What will you be doing here?
In short, youll work on exciting projects that push you out of your comfort zone, accelerating your progression as a designer. Trust me, you will not be bored. We know that by investing in you, your work becomes stronger and in turn our clients benefit. With proper design guidance and hands-on experience, you will be:

Taking new fintech propositions from ideation through to launch, designing user experiences that solve real customer problems
Practicing fast-paced, iterative design  drawing on your ever-improving design eye and sixth sense for simple UX patterns
Be relied upon to execute design within small teams of designers, thinkers, researchers and makers from all walks of life who are at the top of their game
Developing your own voice as a designer. With opportunities to contribute articles and appear on youtube shows or global podcasts as you progress in your career  boosting your profile in the industry and helping to promote design at 11:FS
When you are not helping to design new products for clients, you will help to shape 11:FSs own suite of products. Developing new products and resources that make the game of creating finance apps considerably easier to win

What will you - not - be doing here?

You wont be working on one thing for years on end
You wont be just working on the tiny details as a small cog in a big corporate machine
You wont be waiting for permission before trying anything out  just go for it

What do we like?
Flair
More design process automation unfortunately results in greater conformity  youve got to bring the memorably weird bits. You are growing your comfort level when confronted with a blank page and are developing the conceptual and visual ability to draw on the UI patterns you already know, but the initiative to add something special that makes people say damn, thats slick.
Confident storytelling
You are learning to tell a good story around your work  it doesnt just look good, but you can explain why its been created that way. Youre developing your own style and hopefully make people laugh along the way.
Problem solving
Any product designer worth their salt can make a clean UI, but were after exceptional thinkers who can make sense of the complicated and translate discreet customer problems into solutions, flows and layouts that people instantly find familiar and usable.
Drive
Were not talking about motivation here, that should be a given. All of our people at all levels are free to own their work and think creatively. You need to care about the quality of the work you do and the impact it will have on the lives of the people youre creating it for.
What experience are we looking for?
With a few years start-up, agency, studio, or in-house experience, you have:

Taken part in the design process end-to-end, being a vocal advocate for design within the company
Developed a good understanding and appreciation of UI patterns and where to use them across web and app
Started to develop your UX practices to the level where you are able to make sense of discreet parts of a customer experience and map it across user flows, sketches and prototypes
Helped to put things into the hands of customers quickly and often, working with team members to use customer feedback to iterate a product or idea
Started to grow your understanding of what makes a brand that people love and can apply that to every interaction with consistency
Understand not just how to structure a neat design file or a UI toolkit in Figma or Sketch, but are learning what makes a full design system, and how a product can scale effectively with design and development completely aligned.
Taken part in design sprints where youve practiced ideation methods that rapidly move from customer insight to concept.

Do I need financial services experience?
Its definitely a real bonus, but no you dont need it. We are not a bank or a traditional consultancy and the environment is similar to a startup or design agency.
If you arrive here really knowing your design onions, our UX research tool Pulse will give you access to recordings of every fintech interaction youd ever want to see to get you up to speed.
Who will you be working with?
In the last X years we have built an amazing team from the best in start-ups, design studios, agencies and financial services. Our people have co-founded and grown challengers like Monzo, Starling, and Tandem, led the technology platforms at Nutmeg, Betfair and much more. 
You will join the design practice, helping to create innovative products for our clients and working with people whove been creating the digital FS services you may now own a card from.
Find more about Design in 11:FS here: https:design.11fs.com 

We strongly encourage people of colour, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and non-binary people, parents, and individuals with disabilities to apply. 11:FS is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes everyone to our team. If you need reasonable adjustments at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.

In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example - sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).