11:FS is on a mission to change the fabric of financial services. Our Ventures practice builds challenger propositions globally, like we did for Natwest with Mettle. Our Pulse team creates a benchmarking tool used by the likes of Monzo, Starling, Natwest and Tesco Bank. On top of all of that, were a media company, our Growth team generate a stream of content that supports our brand and changes the conversation - not necessarily in that order.
To do this we need an amazing team so we have pulled together the best in financial services and beyond.
We truly live our values at 11:FS, and they are critical to your entire journey here. Cultural Add is as, if not more, important as pure technical fit, and as part of your interview process well deep dive in our values and your beliefs. Everyone at 11:FS fits our 4 core values: Team, Attitude, Communication and Impact, and this remains at the core of our growth.

 What will you be doing here?
In short, youll be helping to direct a talented design team through exciting projects that push people out of their comfort zone, growing better product designers and delivering award winning work.With support from business leadership, you will be:

Guiding new fintech propositions from ideation through to launch, creating strong partnerships with client sponsors, earning complete trust in your design guidance
Be the primary expert in fast-paced, iterative design  drawing on your impressive design eye and sixth sense for simple UX patterns
Be relied upon to lead teams of designers, thinkers, researchers and makers from all walks of life who are at the top of their game
Amplifying your voice as a designer. You will be expected to develop an external profile as one of the key design faces within the company. Contributing articles and appearing on youtube shows or global podcasts  clients should want to come and work with YOU.
As one of the most senior people in our ventures business you will work closely with our VP Design to continue to evolve how we make design success repeatable, develop individuals, make the right hires, create the right culture, and play nicely with other teams.
Contribute to our streamlined business development process. We dont do pointless pitch theatre  instead your role is to bring trustworthy, credible expertise to client conversations and feeding into scoping discussions to make sure we accurately estimate projects.

What will you - not - be doing here?

You wont be working on one thing for years on end
You wont be just working on the meaningless details as a small cog in a big corporate machine
You wont be waiting for permission before trying anything out  just go for it

What do we like?
Flair
Greater automation results in greater conformity  youve got to bring the memorably weird bits. You embrace a blank page and have the conceptual and visual ability to draw on the patterns you already know, but add that something special that makes people say damn, thats slick.
Empathetic leadership
At this level youve learnt how to get the best out of different personalities. Youre able to create a mutual trust where its ok to fail and its ok for people to bring their true selves to work. You recognise there can be more than one correct answer and micro-management aint your bag. 
Confident storytelling
You tell an incredible story around any piece of work  it doesnt just look good, but you can explain why its been created that way, to anyone who needs to hear it  from breakfast buffet to boardroom. And hopefully make them laugh along the way.
Problem solving
Any product designer worth their salt can make a clean UI, but were after exceptional thinkers who can make sense of the complicated and crucially  can organise and prioritise those thoughts. Guiding teams to translate that into solutions, flows and layouts that people instantly find familiar and usable.
Drive
Were not talking about motivation here, that should be a given. All of our people at all levels are free to own their project work and think creatively, but you should be able to initiate and drive through ideas that improve how we work. You need to care about the quality of all of our work and the impact it will have on the lives of the people youre creating it for.
What experience are we looking for?
With at least 10 years start-up, agency, studio, or in-house experience, you:

Have defined and iterated the design process end-to-end, always optimising, while being a vocal advocate for design within the company
You bring not only an innate understanding of UI patterns, but consistently demonstrate how to create memorable interactions  despite design trends driving towards less originality.
Your UX knowledge is second to none and you are able to join up discreet parts of a customer experience and map it across user flows, sketches and prototypes
You have always put things into the hands of customers quickly and often, defining how teams use customer feedback to iterate a product or idea
You can demonstrate a deep understanding of the relationship between brand and product. You know when to create lovable moments of serendipity, or when to simply rely on consistency
You are a master of design ops. You have likely designed and owned a design system, you know how to manage component updates across a team and have a strong opinion on how a product can scale effectively with design and development completely aligned.
You are a master of ideation sprints and can own a room. Youve dealt with every curveball, iterated the process during the lunch break, subtly steered big egos away from bad ideas. You can pull a workshop out of nowhere and can get from customer insight to concept with no pointless tasks.
You are a genuine T-shape and have built an understanding of how design intersects with adjacent disciplines including product management, engineering and customer research

Do I need financial services experience?
Its definitely a real bonus, but not 100 essential. We are making his hire for the long term and the right candidate will build industry knowledge quickly.
If you arrive here really knowing your design onions, our UX research tool Pulse will give you access to recordings of every fintech interaction youd ever want to see and provides the bedtime reading to get you up to speed.
Importantly, we are not a bank or a traditional consultancy and the environment is similar to a startup or design studio.
Who will you be working with?
In the last 7 years we have built an amazing team from the best in start-ups, design studios, agencies and financial services. Our people have co-founded and grown challengers like Monzo, Starling, and Tandem, led the technology platforms at Nutmeg, Betfair and beyond. 
You will join the design practice, helping to create innovative products for our clients and working with people whove been creating the digital FS services you may now own a card from.
Find more about us here: https:design.11fs.com 

We strongly encourage people of colour, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and non-binary people, parents, and individuals with disabilities to apply. 11:FS is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes everyone to our team. If you need reasonable adjustments at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.

In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example - sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).