11:FS is on a mission to change the fabric of financial services. Our Ventures practice builds challenger propositions globally, like we did for Natwest with Mettle. Our Pulse team creates a benchmarking tool used by the likes of Monzo, Starling, Natwest and Tesco Bank. On top of all of that, were a media company, our Growth team generate a stream of content that supports our brand and changes the conversation - not necessarily in that order.
To do this we need an amazing team so we have pulled together the best in financial services and beyond.
We truly live our values at 11:FS, and they are critical to your entire journey here. Cultural Add is as, if not more, important as pure technical fit, and as part of your interview process well deep dive in our values and your beliefs. Everyone at 11:FS fits our 4 core values: Team, Attitude, Communication and Impact, and this remains at the core of our growth.

 What will you be doing here?
In short, youll be working across a number of exciting projects and ventures that push people out of their comfort zone. Striking the right balance between hands-on delivery and hands-off direction youll be growing better product managers and delivering award winning work. At 11:FS, Product is taken from inception, all the way to growing and scaling the product with JTBD (Jobs to be done).With support from business leadership, you will be:

Leading client engagements by guiding new fintech propositions from ideation through to launch, creating strong partnerships with client sponsors and earning complete trust in your guidance
Working across multiple client projects either in an advisory capacity, or by rolling up your sleeves and getting stuck into the delivery of the work
Providing unrivaled expertise in the customer, commercial, operational and technical challenges faced by our financial service clients
Be relied upon to direct multidisciplinary teams of product managers, designers, researchers, engineers and makers from all walks of life who are at the top of their game, alongside direct line management
We dont do pointless pitch theatre, but we do let potential clients meet our people  your role in business development is to promote trustworthy, credible expertise, create new proposals when required, and to feed into scoping discussions to make sure we accurately estimate projects.
Be a product ambassador for 11:FS externally at events, conferences, in articles and on podcasts. Clients should want to work with us because they want to work with YOU.
As one of the more senior people in our ventures business you will work closely with our leadership to continue to evolve how we make success repeatable, develop individuals, make the right hires, create the right product-focused culture, and play nicely with other teams

What will you - not - be doing here?

You wont be working on one thing for years on end
You wont be just working on the meaningless details as a small cog in a big corporate machine
You wont be waiting for permission before trying anything out  at your level you need to see an opportunity and make things happen

What do we like?
Ability to inspire
Your passion is always evident and you are able to inspire 11:FS or client teams to create better solutions. 
Problem solving
You need to be comfortable at every level of detail. Some ventures require us to paint a broad but compelling product vision, at other times you need to be comfortable getting into every bolt and bracket of a solution. Were looking for a problem solver who has experience at both ends of the spectrum.
Empathetic leadership
At this level youve learnt how to get the best out of different personalities across disciplines. Youre able to create a mutual trust where its ok to fail and its ok for people to bring their true selves to work. You recognise there can be more than one correct answer and micro-management aint your bag. 
Confident storytelling
You tell an incredible story around any piece of work, roadmap, big vision or tiny feature  to anyone who needs to hear it. From breakfast buffet to boardroom. And hopefully make them laugh along the way.
Drive
Were not talking about motivation here, that should be a given. All of our people at all levels are free to own their project work and think creatively, but you should be able to initiate and drive through ideas that improve how we work and processes. You need to care about the quality of all of our work and the impact it will have on the lives of the people youre creating it for.
What experience are we looking for?
With preferably at least 10 years start-up, agency, studio, or in-house experience, the ideal candidate will have: 

Led teams to launch or scale products in a continuous product development and discovery environment. Your experience makes you comfortable setting up and sitting across feature squads, owning the roadmap and velocity. 
Deep experience working with customer research and business strategy inputs to inform clear product strategy. You have shaped and owned go to market strategies multiple times.
You have experience owning compelling narratives that unlock stakeholder buy-in, with skills in forming strong relationships with senior figures in businesses 
You have a few years experience line managing team members and feeding into strategic objectives for the team or department
You have a strong commercial sense of the cost to a business of different teams, actions and outputs. Your experience makes you adept at estimating the effort required to deliver outcomes.
The worst product managers read a book once and believe they know everything. You nurture a passion for the product craft and across your career to date have made it your mission to keep abreast of the latest developments in the space.
You are a genuine T-shape and have built a clear point of view on how product best intersects with adjacent disciplines including design, engineering and customer research

Do I need financial services experience?
Yes. 
Preferred candidates will have developed deep domain knowledge in an area of financial services or closely adjacent industries (such as payments, cards, FX, investments, digital retailSME banking, wealth management etc.). We are making this hire for the long term though and the right candidate will continue to build that industry knowledge as they progress in the role. 
Importantly, we are not a bank or a traditional consultancy and the environment is similar to a startup or design studio.
Who will you be working with?
In the last 7 years we have built an amazing team from the best in start-ups, product studios, agencies and financial services companies. Our people have co-founded and grown challengers like Monzo, Starling, and Tandem, led the technology platforms at Nutmeg, Betfair and beyond and worked for some of the biggest banks in the UK, such as Barclays. 
You will join the product practice, helping to create innovative products for our clients and working with people whove been creating the digital FS services you may now own a card from. 

We strongly encourage people of colour, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and non-binary people, parents, and individuals with disabilities to apply. 11:FS is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes everyone to our team. If you need reasonable adjustments at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.

In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example - sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).