Want to work with 540 but dont see a posting that fits? Submit your resume and a cover letter to pitch your dream job. Things change quickly here - you may be perfect for a future role on our team.
 
540 is looking for talented builders, API Gurus, and overall technical mavens to help leadership within the federal government. We are looking for startup-minded individuals to understand client requirements and define appropriate and scalable solutions.
 
ABOUT 540
 
540 is a forward-thinking company that the government turns to in order to getshitdone. We do more than talk about it, we break down barriers to innovation and build impactful tech. We are changing the world by facilitating the frictionless flow of data across the government.
 
Were looking for a builder with big ideas, who thrives on innovation and is a self-starter. If you love to learn about and work with new technologies, we want to talk to you.
  
SKILLS  EXPERIENCE

A breadth of knowledge in a variety of technologies
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work independently, but also be a consummate team player
Insatiable appetite for learning
Must have or be able to obtain a security clearance 


BENEFITS

100 covered health, dental and vision premium for employees, optional dependent coverage
Flexible Spending Account (FSA)
401k with employer match
Company Sponsored Life Insurance, Short and Long Term Disability coverage
Flexible PTO  all Federal holidays off
Paid parking or transit expenses

PERKS

Home Office allowance
Monthly technology stipend
Fully loaded Macbook Pro
Paid AWS Developer account
Reimbursement for trainings  certifications
Stocked kitchen with nitro cold brew kegs on tap  
Fitness Center onsite
Referral Bonus - good people know good people
Ongoing Social Events (including, but not limited to annual hackathons, Taste of 540, holiday party, annual charity golf tournament, so much more)
Access to 540s Washington Capitals Tickets


EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY (EEO)
540s policy is to provide equal employment opportunity to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.
This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.