About the Role: 
Abnormal Securitys Posture Management  Knowledge Base team is building a suite of products that will allow customers to more easily view, manage, and respond to cyber-security threats. 
Enterprises have thousands of users, documents, vendors, applications and many other entities, with the total number exceeding millions for the large companies. IT administrators today need to:

Ensure all of these entities have the right configurations to avoid security vulnerabilities. 
Scan the activity history when theres an incident that requires investigation. 
Navigate complicated relationships to identify the root causes for exposures. 

Today, customers deal with these hurdles by reconciling massive amounts of (incomplete) information from disjointed consoles and using other manual tools, but no solution provides a centralized environment to make the necessary information available and actionable. Thats where we come in...
Our newly-formed team is looking to add a Full Stack Engineer, who will influence and advance our Security Posture Management  Knowledge Base team. 
What youll Do: 

A database that will house millions of records that reflect many types of entities, their activities  relations. 
A suite of DjangoReact applications to allow intuitive  low-latency access to the stored data. 
An API interface that will allow decoupled development on both backend  frontend.

Must have Skills:

A tech lead who wants to help grow and build a full-stack team for a 0 to 1 product. 

Experience as a tech lead, comfortable with leading a group of 2-3 engineers in full stack development through technical design, code reviews, roadmap execution, technical mentoring, and interviews. 
Comfortable with test driven development, working as part of a large organization divided by standardized interfaces. 



A Django enthusiast who loves to build a high-volume of applications at a high-velocity 

We are building a foundational framework which will power dozens of applications



An aspiring entrepreneur who wants to work with world-class engineers, many of whom have founded andor built successful companies. 

The execution of this new product will require listening and partnering with ProductDesignPotential customers as we build and find product-market fit (a start-up within a scale-up)
Solid communication skills - can comfortably interact with PMs  stakeholders 


This position is not: 

A management position - although, we believe everyone leads by example. We do not see a direct path to a manager role within 1 year.
A stepping stone into a Machine Learning engineer role
A contract position (full-time applicants only)
A position for someone who does not feel confident using or passing a React interview
A hands-off role. This is an individual contributor role that will require you to hit the ground running and be coding a majority of the time.
A fit for someone who likes to think about optimization over velocity 

Nice to Have Skills: 

Strong technical skills in: 

React - you must have worked on at least one React Application that was ,used in production and developed for longer than a year
Familiarity with AWS ecosystem

Aligned with our VOICE values
Experience as a tech lead
4 years of web development experience

Tech Stack:

Language: Python
Platform: AWS (Azure in the future) through Terraform, Docker, ECS
Frameworks: React, Django, Celery
Storage: Postgres, Parquet

LI-AB2