About the Role
 
Abnormal Security is seeking a product marketing manager with cybersecurity experience to join our Product Marketing team. Product Marketing at Abnormal Security helps Abnormal win in the market by communicating our products in a clear, precise and differentiated way. Product Marketers at Abnormal create the companys strategic messaging and positioning, then collaborate to bring it to life at every stage of the buyers journey, working across the sales enablement and marketing organization to drive pipeline and closed-won revenue.
 
What you will do 
 

Understand market segments, their needs, buyer personas and their journeys, and vendorscape to build deeply persuasive and differentiated messaging, content and assessments. 
Position Abnormal Security as a leading Cloud Email Security platform that can protect enterprises against the most sophisticated attacks.
Create and keep fresh product collateral.
Drive a consistent cadence of innovation launches at all tiers. 
Serve as a customer and analyst-facing SME on the email security market. 
Create customer-facing materials including webpages, presentations, solution briefs, blogs and whitepapers on topics including machine learning, API architecture, orchestrationautomation, SIEMSOAR integrations, and more.
Work with campaign and content marketing teams to build acquisition and expansion messaging focused on Abnormals key differentiators.
Enable sales and partners on Abnormals platform capabilities and differentiators.
Brief industry analysts on new offerings.

 
Must Haves 
 

3 years of experience in sales or marketing at a B2B SaaS cybersecurity company, with 2 years in product marketing
Written samples of external-facing content for cybersecurity buyers. 
Experience running product launches in a high velocity environment.
Strong technical curiosity with past examples of explaining complex technical concepts to buyers. 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strategic thinker who is able to get to work quickly and execute independently.
Ability to effectively influence both internal and external stakeholders across all levels of the organization.
Deep curiosity, excellent listening and empathy skills, and ability to get things done in a collaborative team environment
A passion for Abnormals mission and the success of our customers, partners, and community 

 
Nice to Have 
 

Enjoys public speaking and evangelizing cybersecurity topics
Experience with defining GTM strategies at growth-phase cybersecurity companies.

 
LI-MG1