About the Role:
 
In this role, you will sell Abnormal Security solutions to your defined Enterprise level territory with the goal to overachieve new annual recurring revenue quota. Youll work StateLocal Government  K-12 Education (SLED) accounts (3.5k mailbox organizations) from initial conversations through signing a contract and up-selling once theyre a customer. You will be a voice for the customerprospect with internal teams including Sales EngineeringPOV team, Product and Marketing to ensure appropriate prioritization to close more revenue.
 
What you will do:
 

Build pipeline by balancing five sources of lead generation:

AE Sourced: Prospect into SLED accounts (3.5k mailbox organizations) within their territory using cold-calling, targeted emails and introductions through existing relationships.
Marketing: Follow-up in a timely fashion on marketing-driven leads including going to events and following up with prospects, responding to inbound leads, and working BDR-sourced leadsaccounts.
BDR: work with BDR on targeted lists and roles  responsibilities
Channel: work with channel partners to uncover new opportunities
Customer: work with customers to gain referrals and find add-on business

Conduct discovery callsmeetings to uncover prospect pain points and needs. Assess whether there is budget, need and appropriate timing for Abnormals product offerings.
Work alongside sales engineering, product and founders to demonstrate and communicate Abnormals value proposition to prospects. AEs will be communicating value throughout an organization to multiple personas including CISOs, Director of Security Operations, IT Analysts, Security Analysts, CIOs (in some cases) amongst others.
Work deals until there is a mutual action agreement going into a proof-of-value (POV) with prospects so that their assessment of the product coincides with the business needs.
Work with Sales Engineering to ensure that communication of POV effectively demonstrates value against what the prospect is looking for (i.e. Mutual Action Agreement).
Work with prospects to negotiate with legal and procurement on deal terms and pricing. Use internal resources (legal, finance, business operations) to keep deals moving and get them to close.
Working alongside Customer Success to uncover opportunity with customers for up-selling andor cross-selling of additional products in the future.
Document progress on deals (i.e. stages, notes) within SFDC to keep pipeline up-to-date for accurate forecasting.
Communicate asks from prospectscustomers to Product and Engineering teams for more customer-centric prioritization of our product roadmap.
Accurately forecast expected revenue between 10  -5

 
Must Haves:
 

SLED Account Hunter: Demonstrated 5 years of direct (vs. overlay) SLED experience prospecting, closing new logos and growing major accounts against incumbents.
Skill in negotiating with StateLocal Government and K-12 organizations and closing complex sales.
Proven performer with consistent over quota performance andor top 5 of sales org
Technically competent: Conversant in key areas: security, email, cloud, AI, etc.
Cyber-security Software sales: Experience selling subscription softwareSaaS to CISOs and security personnel
Start-up experience: Success at a company that was early stage, underdog or was a new entrant with large competitors or similar (limited resources-build territory including: channel, tech partners, initial customer wins, etc.)
Ability to hunt: disciplined approach to early pipeline development. Comfortable and have demonstrated ability to prospect into StateLocal  K-12 accounts with the ability to leverage balance five pillars of demand generation: AE prospecting, SDR, Marketing, Channel and Customer referrals.
Good qualifier: Ability to uncover  discover customer problems pains
Good presenter: ability to present and demonstrate value based off customer pain points.
Disciplined in sales methodology  time management: Ability to systematically execute a disciplined sales process that can be repeated in parallel without sacrificing quality
Ability to develop and present a business case to a customer showing high ROI across different dimensions to multiple stakeholders
Ability to extract, document and organize lessons, knowledge and information about customers
Ability to guide internal stakeholders through their own internal buying processes
Grit: ability to find success in an early-stage environment without all the resourcesteams available to much larger organizations 
Good understanding of how to leverage other departments including Sales Engineering, Marketing, BDRs, Product and Customer Success.

 
Nice to Have: 
 

BSBA degree or equivalent work experience

 
LI-MG1