About the Role
Abnormal Securitys Behavioural Events Security Platform(BESP) team is building a suite of products that will allow customers to more easily view, manage, and respond to cyber-security threats. 
Enterprises have thousands of users, documents, vendors, applications and many other entities, with the total number exceeding millions for the large companies. IT administrators today need to:

Ensure all of these entities have the right configurations to avoid security vulnerabilities. 
Scan the activity history when theres an incident that requires investigation. 
Navigate complicated relationships to identify the root causes for exposures. 

Today, customers deal with these hurdles by reconciling massive amounts of (incomplete) information from disjointed consoles and using other manual tools, but no solution provides a centralized environment to make the necessary information available and actionable. Thats where we come in...
The BESP team is looking to add Full Stack Engineers, who will influence and advance our Security Posture Management, Knowledge Base and other new product features.
The ideal candidate will have the following qualities:

Growth-oriented, looking to increase impact, responsibility, and ownership over time
Detail driven and care about code quality, testing, and performance
Looking to grow as an engineer as part of a strong team, learning from established engineers, product managers, and designers
Strong communication skills and proven ability to work autonomously and asynchronously with remote collaborators and stakeholders
Comfortable with test driven development, working as part of a large organization divided by standardized interfaces.

Must Have Skills

2 years of industry experience and 1 Yrs experience as a Full Stack Developer with expertise developing production grade Django, React application from scratch.
Understanding of Django and its ecosystem, including Django ORM, Django REST framework, and authentication mechanisms.
Experience with frontend frameworkslibraries such as React, Redux, or Next.js.
Familiarity with AWS services and deployment practices.
Knowledge of containerization using Docker or similar technologies.
Understanding of database systems and proficiency in SQL.

Nice to Have Skills

Experience with Golang

What Youll Do

Design and Development:

Develop robust, scalable and secure web applications  using Django and React.


You will be relied upon to own the delivery of complex features for a Standing Team -- to design, decompose, execute, and launch. You will play the role of a highly capable feature lead, able to take a clearly defined business problem, and design a technical approach to implement.

Testing and Debugging:

Conduct thorough testing of applications, including unit testing and integration testing.
Use debugging tools and techniques to diagnose and fix issues in a timely manner.

Support and On-call:

Provide technical support to troubleshoot and resolve issues reported by users or identified through monitoring systems and participate in on-call rotations.

Collaboration and Communication:

Communicate effectively in Async manner with team members to provide updates, discuss challenges and propose solutions.
You will be participating in code reviews to maintain code quality and in system design discussions.

Continuous Learning and Improvement:

Actively contribute to knowledge sharing within the team and participate in professional development activities.


LI-AB2