About the role 
As a Sr. CSM, you are passionate about and have a world-class track record of creating and sustaining happy, referenceable strategic customers that realize full value from the platform and partnership.  You have an exceptional ability to establish and nurture stakeholder relationships and align on value objectives and results, acting as the customers trusted advisor.  
 
Acting as the primary interface between the customer and the internal teams at Abnormal, you are adept at:  ensuring clear, measurable success criteria is established and attained, driving adoption of platform best practices to optimize ROI, educating on newupcoming features (which may qualify crossupsell opportunities), anticipating and proactively de-escalating issues with scalable solutions, and maintaining a feedback loop for key product enhancements  improvement requests.
In this job, you will bring these skills

8 years experience in an enterprise CSM capacity, with 10 yrs. experience in an enterprise SaaS product support environment
Strong experience with building and developing long-lasting executive-level relationships (including with CISOs and CIOs) at F500 companies, along with providing an outstanding overall customer experience (measurable in the form of an achieved health score, account retentiongrowth rate, and  referenceable customers)
Experience managing a book of business approaching or exceeding 10M ARR, with 1M ARR accounts within it requiring intensive engagement and advanced planning around value assessment, strategic roadmap and feature request alignment, budgeting, and resourcing  engagement models
Action-oriented, with the ability to quickly assess and integrate inputs across functions (Support, Product, ENG) and turn into a scalable solution and clear customer narrative
Soft skills oriented towards developing and retaining a customers trust and de-escalating their issues (i.e., turning escalations into positive experiences based on the quality of our response)
Strong analytical and organizational skills, with the ability to understand and review the financial return or ROI on the customers investment
Strong written, spoken, and presentation skills, with the ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization - both internally and externally
Proven ability to introduce and review new product features, best practices, and follow up with customers to advance desired platform adoptionusage
Strong technical troubleshooting skills (i.e., previous support or SE experience), and an ability to collaborate, coordinate and escalate issues within a team of product support professionals
Previous experience with Internet and networking technologies and products, including email security products 
Well versed with using case management systems and CRMs (e.g., SFDC  JIRA)
Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering Computer Science, Electronics and Communications Engineering or non-graduates with good communication skills, strong technical knowledge or similar work experience required 

Role Responsibilities  Deliverables
Value Realization:

Serve as the voice of the customer and provide internal feedback on how we can better serve them to maximize customer value and retention.
Schedule, prepare and deliver Business Reviews for customers, with the top priority of proving ROI that leads to renewalsexpansion.
Increase customer adoption of key platform features and best practices to maximize ROI, ensuring the basis for retention, satisfaction, and growth.

 
Relationship Building:

Understand your customers industry trends, business challenges with email security, and current and potential use cases for Abnormal.
With understanding of customer needs, establish a strategic, trusted advisor relationship at the highest relevant levels by guiding the customer on best practice usage of the platform to manage risk and meetexceed their objectives.
Develop and nurture Abnormal Security champions within your customers organization who advocate for the platform based on their positive experience.

 
Success Criteria Alignment:

Develop an accurate understanding of how a customer defines achieving success on the Abnormal platform in a mutually verifiable manner, treating such success criteria as a critical measure of health that is defined, maintained, reviewed, and acted upon in a proactive manner.
Use customer cadence calls and customer Business Reviews to define success criteria with the customer, prioritize those criteria, and get the customers own assessment of how were performing on them to drive appropriate action plans cross-functionally.

 
Account Success Planning:

Engage customers senior decision makers to understand their evolving strategy for email security and to shape Success Planning informed by these goals.
Work with the internal Account team and external customer stakeholders to formulatemaintain a Success Plan outlining how Abnormal Security addresses their immediate and future needs (with success metrics).
Proactively monitor customer health to reach out to customers before risks or issues escalate and identify remediation options.

 
Cross Functional Collaboration:

Partner with Abnormal Security Account Team (Account Executives, Sales Engineers, Support Engineers, etc.) to ensure that customers renew and expand usage.

 
Triage and Risk Mitigation:

Monitor customer user trends to recommend to internal teams risk mitigation actions (Product, Support, Services, etc.). Example: work with Engineering to stabilize customers advanced reporting needs based on repeated case escalations.
Coordinate internal actions and schedule customer calls as necessary to address case issues and concerns and ensure all commitments are met.

 
Product Knowledge:

Maintain a deep understanding of our product and roadmap, so you can guide customers to success and continue to drive up their Adoption Score.
Educate customers on the most relevant features and functionality related to their specific requirements.

 
LI-TC1