About the Role
Abnormal Security is looking for an Enterprise Account Executive to join the Southeast team. This team sells our security solutions to Enterprise level accounts within a defined territory. The ideal candidate for the role will be located in the DC, Maryland, or Virginia area and have the following skillset: 

Ability to hunt: disciplined approach to early pipeline development. Comfortable and have demonstrated ability to prospect into enterprise accounts with the ability to leverage balance five pillars of demand generation: AE prospecting, SDR, Marketing, Channel and Customer referrals.
Good qualifier: Ability to uncover  discover customer problems pains
Good presenter: ability to present and demonstrate value based off customer pain points.
Disciplined in sales methodology  time management : Ability to systematically execute a disciplined sales process that can be repeated in parallel without sacrificing quality
Discipline in data integrity: Ability to continually maintain data accuracy and consistency for all accounts  opportunities. 
Ability to develop and present a business case to a customer showing high ROI across different dimensions to multiple stakeholders
Ability to extract, document and organize lessons, knowledge and information about customers
Ability to guide internal stakeholders through their own internal buying processes
Grit; ability to find success in an early-stage environment without all the resourcesteams available to much larger organizations 
Good understanding of how to leverage other departments including Sales Engineering, Marketing, BDRs, Product and Customer Success.

 
What you will do

Sell Abnormal security solutions to your defined territory with the goal to overachieve new annual recurring revenue quota
Work enterprise accounts (3k mailbox organizations) from initial conversations through signing a contract and up-selling once theyre a customer.
Prospect and generate new business opportunities with enterprise accounts (3k mailbox organizations) to supply enough pipeline for them to hit sales targets.
Work with Customer success to ensure a timely renewal and expansion sale opportunities
Continually document results and maintain accurate data across all sales systems (Salesforce, Highspot, Close Plan)
Be a voice for the customerprospect with internal teams including Sales EngineeringPOV team, Product and Marketing to ensure appropriate prioritization to close more revenue.

 
Must Haves

Enterprise Account Hunter: Demonstrated 3 years of direct (vs. overlay) enterprise experience prospecting, closing new logos and growing major accounts against incumbents.
Skill in negotiating with large organizations and closing complex sales
Proven performer with consistent over quota performance andor top 5 of sales org
Technically competent: Conversant in key areas: security, email, cloud, AI, etc.
Cyber-security Software sales: Experience selling subscription softwareSaaS to CISOs and security personnel
Start-up experience: Success at a company that was early stage, underdog or was a new entrant with large competitors or similar (limited resources-build territory including: channel, tech partners, initial customer wins, etc.)
BSBA degree or equivalent work experience

 
LI-ML2
 At Abnormal Security certain roles are eligible for a bonus, restricted stock units (RSUs), and benefits. Individual compensation packages are based on factors unique to each candidate, including their skills, experience, qualifications and other job-related reasons. We know that benefits are also an important piece of your total compensation package. Learn more about our Compensation and Equity Philosophy on our benefits and perks page.Base salary range:114,750—135,000 USD