About the Role
 
You will work on the Accounting team and work closely with our Human Resources team to build a state-of-the-art payroll operations program in a fast-growing environment supporting global payroll.
 
You will ensure that our daily payroll operations and processes are accurate and timely and that our processes are compliant with internal controls, tax regulations, and applicable labor laws.
 
You will be the main contact to provide any payroll-related advice for any compensation questions, MA-related activities, and company expansions.
 
What you will do 
 
While were always open to you raising your hand for new things that grow your skill set and add value, from day 1, you focus on these core areas of impact and responsibilities:
 

Deliver accurate and timely processing of the Companys payroll in accordance with federal, state, and local regulations and legislative compliance requirements.
Own all critical local payroll processes such as managing multi-state payroll and tax compliance, setting up involuntary deductions, maintaining and reconciling liability payments, etc.
Ensures accurate and timely processing of payroll updates, including new hires, terminations, and changes to pay rates.
Ensure accurate and timely execution of payroll in each country - prepare and reconcile internal payroll reports with payroll software and ensure compliance with local tax authorities are met.
Conduct payroll data audits, investigation, and analysis of payroll issues to determine the root cause to earmark gaps in already existing solutions and support the development of new measures to prevent a recurrence.
Maintains and reviews payroll processing and accounting systems to ensure timely and accurate processing of payroll transactions including salaries, benefits, garnishments, taxes, and other deductions.
Manages all payroll-related vendors, ensures compliance in all areas of payroll including internal control work, and works directly with employees to resolve outstanding payroll inquiries
Maintains a high level of confidentiality at all times related to compensation.
Prepares and maintains payroll records and reports, including standard and ad hoc reports to ensure data integrity, accuracy, and timeliness as required by Accounting, Finance, HR, and Equity Grants. 
Reviews and distributes annual W-2s.
Provides documentation for payroll, 401k, and benefit audits; assists in preparing annual 401k 5500 non-discrimination testing. 
Assists in implementing, writing, and maintaining standard operating procedures for all payroll processes. 
Maintains payroll records in accordance with company and regulatory requirements.
Support Global expansion and implementation for payroll.
Audit W-4s, payroll balance sheets, YTD earnings, etc.
Answer complex payroll related questions from employees that couldnt be resolved by our employee support teams.
Stay abreast of relevant local regulatory and policies changes and communicate key changes across teams.
Identifies and recommends updates to payroll accounting software, systems, and procedures.
Performs other functions and duties as required.

 
Must Haves 
 

Bachelors Degree in Accounting, Business Administration, or related field.
5 years of experience in payroll in a fast-paced corporate environment, with global payroll experience.
Knowledge of best practices regarding taxable fringe benefits, auto allowances, 401k administration and equity related taxes.
Knowledge and skills in payroll software programs; Rippling and Blue MarblePayEscape experience a huge plus.
Strong understanding of Federal and multi-state wage and hour regulations and payroll tax-filing procedures.
Systems-savvy and proficient with Microsoft Office and Google Workspaces.
Detail-oriented and capable of producing high-quality work independently.
Positive team-player, who can take ownership of assigned responsibilities.
Excellent communication skills; able to communicate clearly.
Ability to identify and resolve technical, operational, and organizational issues.
Ability to work cooperatively and collaboratively with all levels of employees, management, and external agencies, developing strong relationships globally. 
Ability to work on confidential projects of moderate scope in which analysis of situation or equity data requires a detailed and thorough review.

 
Nice to Have 
 

Experience with Rippling HRISPayroll and BlueMarble payroll

 
LI-MG1