The Opportunity:
Abnormal Securitys Behavioral Security Products team is defining the next generation of security for Software as a Service and cloud offerings. Enterprises of all sizes have begun to adopt cloud offerings from Google Docs to Box to Slack: work that once took place in a single office building or behind a firewall is now happening out on the open internet, and criminals are very aware of the opportunities to steal data, hijack important financial information, and otherwise compromise companies that use these cloud services. Come help us build a new layer of protection that will give enterprises the same level of security for their cloud offerings as Abnormal Securitys industry-leading products do in the email security space. 
The Behavioral Security Products team is looking to add a Senior Engineering Manager, who will report to our Senior Director of Engineering, David Hagar, and collaborate with our world-class team. The Account Takeover team is developing a product thats a critical bet for Abnormals future success. The individual in this role will have the opportunity to lead and grow a team of engineers while launching an enterprise-grade product.
As a Senior Engineering Manager in the Behavioral Security Products org you will be expected to: 

Manage a team of 5 machine learning engineers in New York (who work across Eastern time zones) to build world class detection systems 
Manage a team of 5 full stack engineers who are ensuring happy customers by building the product facing features to explain and remediate attacks
Source, attract, and hire highly-technical software engineers, and grow this initial team into a larger org over the next one to two years 
Have a strong framework to grow, mentor, and develop a driven team of engineers

Someone who might thrive: 

An Engineering Manager who wants to challenge themselves to manage a team with aggressive deliverables for a scaling enterpriseB2B product. 
Someone who has always taken on and enjoyed mentoring and growing peers in a fast-paced, iterative environment. We take employee growth seriously and want someone who has thoughtful frameworks to deliver upon the expectations listed above. 
An aspiring entrepreneur who wants to hone their already-strong soft skills and delight customers.

This position is not a fit for someone who: 

Has not worked in or would not like working in an ambiguous environment. While Abnormals flagship email security product has hit PMF, this is a growing team that is navigating unknowns and will need someone who can guide others through uncertainty. 
Does not have experience being a senior engineer or tech lead for a technically complex product. While you wont be coding on a daily basis, we expect that you will be able to read code and hold a high bar for the engineering practices on our current team. 
Cares only about technical challenges - expectations are that this person is building a product and helping guide it to product market fit. 

Requirements: 

The ability to showcase how youve successfully evaluated and hired elite engineers 
Frameworks to describe your coachingmanagement style, particularly for backend engineers across various time zones, and how youve implemented those frameworks.
Examples of how youve organized roadmaps in an agile environments to ensure on-track team delivery
Examples of how youve delighted and managed customer expectations based on engineering capacity
5 years of software engineering experience, 1 year of management leadership

Preferred: 

Experience working in a high-velocity environment
Experience building enterpriseB2B products
Experience partnering with Machine Learning partners
Experience workingleading across time zones
1 years of software engineering management experience
Exposure to AWS, Kalfka, containerized services, microservices, key value stores
Can read pythongo 

There are a lot of opportunities for growth and career advancementits up to you to own your career here. Some potential career paths for this role include: 

Taking on additional product lines after guiding general ATO to product market fit. 
Positioning yourself to be a Founder or early-stage executive

We offer you: 

The opportunity to be part of a truly special team (we have 4.9 stars on both Glassdoor and Gartner Reviews). Our veteran team has built some of the most enduring machine learning platforms at leading companies including Google, Twitter, Pinterest, Amazon, Microsoft, and Expanse. Our customer base includes multiple Fortune 500 companies. 
You can learn more about all of our careers and benefits and what makes Abnormal, well, Abnormal, here! 

Interview Process: 
Our interview process usually starts with a casual call with one of our recruiters who wants to make sure there is alignment, so dont worry about trying to be perfect before you apply! 
Abnormal Security is committed to creating a diverse work environment. All qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status
 
LI-ML1