At Acorns we look after the financial best interest of the up-and-coming.  We are innovators. We make bold decisions. We stay curious, inspiring one another to push past all previous thresholds of possibility.  We are one team and are building a diverse community of team members, partners, and customers from all walks of life to foster creativity, challenge conventional thinking, and put the tools of wealth-making in everyones hands. 
We are looking for missionaries who are rooted in purpose, to join our team. We can achieve our goals if we are a team of missionaries working toward a shared purpose and mission. 
Our mission? With benevolence and courage, we look after the financial best interests of the up-and-coming; beginning with the empowering, proud step of micro-investing.
How do we accomplish our mission? Our values. 
Lead With Heart 
With compassion, integrity, and tenacity, inspire yourself and others to move past all previous thresholds of possibility
Make Bold Decisions
We are creating a new world. Be optimistic, adventurous, and courageous. Leap fearlessly into the future
Always Build Trust
Say what you mean, mean what you say, and do what you say youre going to do. We are all owners. We are one team
Never Stop Growing
Change IS the constant. Stay hungry and curious. Be relentless in the pursuit of progress
Find a way
Never settle, no excuses, nothing is impossible. Just make it happen
Our values guide us, and our mission drives us. 
Come join us and help deliver financial wellness for the whole family, creating compound growth at every life stage.
 

 
Paralegal  Legal Operations Associate   Acorns
Acorns is a company populated with creative and solution-driven individuals, and the Legal team is no exception.  The Associate, Legal Operations  Paralegal will be a key contributor to the legal team, assisting the team as a general corporate athlete, and more specifically with fast-paced and document intensive projects, corporate records, corporate governance, stock administration, legal technology, legal budget, IPO readiness, contract review and management.  
This role has the option to be remote or based in our Irvine, CA, or New York, NY offices.  
Job responsibilities:

Corporate Governance: review, organize and maintain corporate records, board meeting materials, board and shareholder actions and third-party agreements. 
Legal Technology: oversee relationships with legal technology vendors including contract management and legal matter intake, equity management and board management vendors.  Select and implement other legal technology providers.
Legal Team Budget: understand and help manage the budget for the legal department.   
Commercial Contracts: prepare and maintain form legal documents and prepare drafts for attorney review.  Assist attorneys with drafting, negotiating and executing commercial contracts including services agreements (including SaaS), SOWs, Order Forms, consulting agreements and influencer agreements.  
Assist with projects related to subsidiaries (GoHenry  PixPay), compliance, marketing, corporate finance, technology, IP and other legal matters.
Develop and improve processes and playbooks related to the above and to help make the Legal Department more effective and efficient.

What you will bring to Acorns:

At least 2 years of professional experience, ideally at a late-stage startup
A Bachelors degree   
Proficiency with applications typically used in a legal office environment, such as Microsoft Office and G Suite applications. 
Experience with Shareworks is a plus.
Exceptional organizational, project management and communication skills with an orientation to detail
Ability to multitask, problem solve, work independently and balance competing priorities in a rapidly changing and fast paced environment
Ability to manage multiple work streams and deliverables, and coordinate across functional initiatives to meet deadlines
Ability to work with and maintain highly confidential information
A team player with a positive attitude, even in stressful situations
Exceptional drive and precision in delivery
A belief that your work is tied to your lifes mission
Optimistic about the potential of societal change

You are not expected to have experience with all listed requirements. If you feel passionate about Acorns mission, vision, and values, please apply.
What we offer: 

Competitive salary and stock options
A comprehensive benefits package to meet the needs of you and your family
Flexible work hours, location, and paid time off 
401k discretionary match
Monthly Acorns account contribution  GoHenry account for your family
Wellness Days - Company-wide quarterly days off to rest  recharge
Mindfulness, Mental Health, and Financial Wellness resources: Headspace, Ginger, and Addition Wealth are offered at no cost to you
Acorns Career Development Program (Monthly Acorns to Oaks training sessions, development plans, quarterly development check-ins, Cornerstones online training platform)
Roots Leadership Program for emerging leaders
Monthly community celebrations, events, panel discussions, and speakers
Talented and motivated team members who care deeply about one another, our mission, and our customers.
The rare opportunity to create a new world. We inspire one another every day to do meaningful work that solves big societal challenges.

About Acorns:
Acorns is how everyday consumers save  invest for the long term. To date, customers have invested over 15 billion with Acorns, much of it in spare change. By putting the tools of wealth-making in everyones hands, Acorns has become the largest subscription service in U.S. consumer finance, serving over 10 million everyday Americans. Customers get automated investing in diversified portfolios, a simple retirement product, a bank account that helps people spend less to invest more, and bonus investments from 20k brands. Plus, everyday Americans can easily invest in their kids and get money news they can use, all from the same app. From acorns, mighty oaks do grow!
Mission:
With benevolence and courage, we look after the financial best interests of the up-and-coming; beginning with the empowering step of micro-investing.
Values:

Lead with heart
Make bold decisions
Always build trust
Never stop growing
Find a way

Commitment to a diverse community: 
Acorns is committed to building a diverse community of customers, partners, and team members. We believe that fostering diversity not only fuels creativity, but also challenges conventional thinking and helps us properly represent the unique experience of the everyday consumer that we serve. 
Compensation Information:
The pay range for this position at commencement of employment is expected to be between 61,000 and 76,000year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package for this position may also include other elements, including a sign-on bonus, equity grants, and discretionary cash bonus awards in addition to a full range of medical, financial, andor other benefits (including 401(k) eligibility and various paid time off benefits, such as vacation, sick time, and parental leave), dependent on the position offered. Details of participation in these benefit plans will be provided if an employee receives an offer of employment.
If hired, employee will be in an at-will position and the Company reserves the right to modify base salary (as well as any other discretionary payment or compensation program) at any time, including for reasons related to individual performance, Company or individual departmentteam performance, and market factors.Click here to view Acorns Job Applicant Privacy Policy.
Click here to view Acorns Privacy Notice for California Job Candidates.