At Acorns we look after the financial best interest of the up-and-coming.  We are innovators. We make bold decisions. We stay curious, inspiring one another to push past all previous thresholds of possibility.  We are one team and are building a diverse community of team members, partners, and customers from all walks of life to foster creativity, challenge conventional thinking, and put the tools of wealth-making in everyones hands. 
We are looking for missionaries who are rooted in purpose, to join our team. We can achieve our goals if we are a team of missionaries working toward a shared purpose and mission. 
Our mission? With benevolence and courage, we look after the financial best interests of the up-and-coming; beginning with the empowering, proud step of micro-investing.
How do we accomplish our mission? Our values. 
Lead With Heart 
With compassion, integrity, and tenacity, inspire yourself and others to move past all previous thresholds of possibilit
Make Bold Decisions
We are creating a new world. Be optimistic, adventurous, and courageous. Leap fearlessly into the future
Always Build Trust
Say what you mean, mean what you say, and do what you say youre going to do. We are all owners. We are one team
Never Stop Growing
Change IS the constant. Stay hungry and curious. Be relentless in the pursuit of progress
Find a way
Never settle, no excuses, nothing is impossible. Just make it happen
Our values guide us, and our mission drives us. 
Come join us and help deliver financial wellness for the whole family, creating compound growth at every life stage.
 

 
Community Outreach Manager  Acorns
Acorns is seeking a Community Outreach Manager
This role has the option to be remote or based in our Irvine, CA or New York, NY offices.
Responsibilities:

Outreach and Engagement

Create, plan, organize and direct overall strategy and operations of Community Outreach program.
Identify, connect with, and engage family and parent groups at the local and regional levels in-person and online. Develop and maintain positive relationships with key stakeholders within these groups.

Community Network Building:

Cultivate a strong community network by organizing events, meetings, and collaborative initiatives to connect Acorns with parent and family organizations. 
Develop and execute a local and regional partnerships strategy to facilitate partnerships and alliances that support community growth and family financial education efforts.
Partner with the marketing and communications team on community-related storytelling opportunities 

Customer Growth:

Identify opportunities to integrate community engagement and business growth efforts, partnering with appropriate business units to execute 
Oversee day-to-day operations for Community outreach including workflow, documentation, and objectives
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify opportunities for partnership integration that drive growth.

Data Analysis and Reporting:

Establish and track key metrics related to community-building efforts, outreach, engagement, and conversion rates.
Generate regular reports, providing insights and recommendations for enhancing outreach strategies; Make data-driven recommendations for optimizing outreach strategies.


Qualifications

5 years of work in Community relations with strong intercultural competencies
Ability to travel regularly as needed
Experience managing local and regional community partnerships
Purpose and values-driven who has a passion for community, financial education and leveling the playing field
Ability to lead change, work cross functionally with flexibility
Strong facilitation and coaching skills with the ability to motivate and inspire others 

You are not expected to have experience with all listed requirements. If you feel passionate about Acorns mission, vision, and values, please apply.
What we offer: 

Competitive salary and stock options
A comprehensive benefits package to meet the needs of you and your family
Flexible work hours, location, and paid time off 
401k discretionary match
Monthly Acorns account contribution  GoHenry account for your family
Wellness Days - Company-wide quarterly days off to rest  recharge
Mindfulness, Mental Health, and Financial Wellness resources: Headspace, Ginger, and Addition Wealth are offered at no cost to you
Acorns Career Development Program (Monthly Acorns to Oaks training sessions, development plans, quarterly development check-ins, Cornerstones online training platform)
Roots Leadership Program for emerging leaders
Monthly community celebrations, events, panel discussions, and speakers
Talented and motivated team members who care deeply about one another, our mission, and our customers.
The rare opportunity to create a new world. We inspire one another every day to do meaningful work that solves big societal challenges.

About Acorns:
Acorns is how everyday consumers save  invest for the long term. To date, customers have invested over 19 billion with Acorns, much of it in spare change. By putting the tools of wealth-making in everyones hands, Acorns has become the largest subscription service in U.S. consumer finance, serving over 10 million everyday Americans. Customers get automated investing in diversified portfolios, a simple retirement product, a bank account that helps people spend less to invest more, and bonus investments from 20k brands. Plus, everyday Americans can easily invest in their kids and get money news they can use, all from the same app. From acorns, mighty oaks do grow!
Mission:
With benevolence and courage, we look after the financial best interests of the up-and-coming; beginning with the empowering step of micro-investing.
Values:

Lead With Heart
Make Bold Decisions
Always Build Trust
Never Stop Growing
Find a Way

Commitment to a diverse community: 
Acorns is committed to building a diverse community of customers, partners, and team members. We believe that fostering diversity not only fuels creativity, but also challenges conventional thinking and helps us properly represent the unique experience of the everyday consumer that we serve.
Compensation Information:
The pay range for this position at commencement of employment is expected to be between 129,436 and 155,323year; however, base pay offered may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package for this position may also include other elements, including a sign-on bonus, equity grants, and discretionary cash bonus awards in addition to a full range of medical, financial, andor other benefits (including 401(k) eligibility and various paid time off benefits, such as vacation, sick time, and parental leave), dependent on the position offered. Details of participation in these benefit plans will be provided if an employee receives an offer of employment.
If hired, employee will be in an at-will position and the Company reserves the right to modify base salary (as well as any other discretionary payment or compensation program) at any time, including for reasons related to individual performance, Company or individual departmentteam performance, and market factors.Click here to view Acorns Job Applicant Privacy Policy.
Click here to view Acorns Privacy Notice for California Job Candidates.