Acquia empowers the worlds most ambitious brands to create digital customer experiences that matter. With open source Drupal at its core, the Acquia Digital Experience Platform (DXP) enables marketers, developers, and IT operations teams at thousands of global organizations to rapidly compose and deploy digital experiences that engage customers, enhance conversions, and help businesses stand out.
Headquartered in the U.S., Acquia has been named a top software company by The Software Report, rated a leader by the industry analysts community, and named a top place to work by the Boston Globe and the Boston Business Journal. We are proud to be Acquia. We are building for the future and we want you to be a part of it!
Summary:
The Vice President, Global Demand will lead all Acquias global demand generation efforts including customer, partner and prospect programs. This experienced leader will champion sales and marketing alignment to drive efficient and productive pipeline globally. They will work in partnership with the marketing leadership team to ensure Acquias go to market programs are executed efficiently across regions to achieve customer expansion and new business revenue goals. This role will inspire and lead a diverse global team including global digital programs, Americas, EMEA and APJ regional field marketing and the marketing operations teams. 
Key Responsibilities:
Strategic Planning: Develop and execute a comprehensive demand generation strategy that aligns with the regional revenue targets. This includes defining target markets, buyer personas, and revenue goals. Working closely with the leader of product and solutions marketing, align the demand generation strategy with the  go-to-market strategy to drive the necessary qualified pipeline needed for customer and new business revenue targets in North America, EMEA and APJ. 
Lead generation campaigns: Lead the global programs team to ensure maximum ROI on search engine marketing, digital advertising, ABM campaigns, webinars and email campaigns. Ensure campaigns drive best in class results. 
Lead the field marketing teams to ensure each regional plan is well integrated to deliver the necessary pipeline results. Ensure each region has a dedicated program plan aligned to regional needs and capabilities. Working closely with sales leaders collaborate on planning, reporting and actions to drive quarter on quarter pipeline growth. 
Customer Journey Mapping: Understand the customers journey and create targeted content and touchpoints at different stages of the buyers cycle.
Marketing Operations: Lead the marketing operations team that manages the marketing automation tools and systems ensuring the optimal martech stack as well as streamlined lead processes and delivery.  
Data Analysis and Reporting: Continuously analyze data and metrics to measure the effectiveness of demand generation efforts. Create best in class campaign tracking and performance measurement. Lead all marketing analytics, including funnel measurement and velocity, ROI analysis, and customer lifecycle analysis that help drive improved marketing ROI and achieve pipeline goals. Be comfortable presenting to executive and board level.
Testing and Optimization: Continuously test and optimize demand generation strategies to improve conversion rates, cost per acquisition, and overall campaign. Apply advanced analytics to drive financial results
Budget Management: Responsible for managing the budget allocated for demand generation initiatives and ensuring efficient allocation of resources.
Team Leadership: Build and lead a high-performing demand generation team, providing guidance, coaching, setting goals, and facilitating professional development.
Sales and Marketing Alignment: Collaborate closely with the sales team and revenue operations team. Establish strong communication and feedback loops between marketing and sales.
Brand Management: Ensure that the companys brand and messaging are consistent and effectively conveyed throughout all demand generation efforts globally. 
Demand generation excellence and thought leadership: Act as the company thought leader on demand generation best practices inspiring new ideas and tactics. Working with customers and partners where relevant to show how Acquia use technology and best practices to drive improved results. 
Vendor Management: Manage relationships across agencies and marketing technology providers including Salesforce and 6Sense.
Qualifications:

7 years experience owning demand generation at a high growth B2B SaaS  software company; 5 years management experience required.
Strong leader with proven track record of building, motivating and developing talent globally  
Evidence of success driving increased pipeline and bookings
Ability to balance both strategic and tactical responsibilities; comfortable working as both part of a high-performing, diverse team and as an independent performer
A true partner and collaborator, with focus on Sales and Revenue Operations success
Exceptional ability to prepare, analyze and present recommendations to an executiveboard level audience. Evidence of using data to inform programs that have resulted in demonstrable pipeline growth. 
Strong written, oral, and cross-functional communication skills. Ability to present both internally and to customers
Evidence of team transformation

Acquia is proud to provide best-in-class benefits offerings to our employees and their families in maintaining both a healthy body and a healthy mind. Core Benefits include: competitive healthcare coverage, wellness programs, take it when you need it time off, parental leave, recognition programs, and much more!
Acquia is an equal opportunity (EEO) employer. We hire without regard to age, color, disability, gender (including gender identity), marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law.
Interested residents of Colorado may contact NA-recruitingacquia.com as it relates to regulation C.R.S.  8-5-201. Information regarding benefits are linked here.