
Acquia empowers the worlds most ambitious brands to create digital customer experiences that matter. With open source Drupal at its core, the Acquia Digital Experience Platform (DXP) enables marketers, developers, and IT operations teams at thousands of global organizations to rapidly compose and deploy digital products and services that engage customers, enhance conversions, and help businesses stand out.
Headquartered in the U.S., Acquia has been named a top software company by The Software Report, rated a leader by the analyst community, and named a top place to work by the Boston Globe and the Boston Business Journal. We are Acquia. We are building for the future and we want you to be a part of it!
We are seeking an ambitious Regional Account Manager responsible for delivering against renewal and upsell targets as well as developing  maintaining existing customer relationships. In this role, you will proactively engage in the day-to-day Account Management of accounts; mitigating customer escalations and risks with the appropriate sense of urgency, and building strong cross-departmental relationships with other stakeholders in the organization. You will become the customers advocate within Acquia, creating a positive customer experience that ultimately results in the renewal of the subscription and account growth. You will work directly with Sales  Pre-Sales, Technical Support, Customer Success, Professional Services, Operations and Finance.
This position is designed for an individual who has account management experience, a high attention to detail and strives for customer satisfaction. The ideal candidate will have past experience working for a technology company. This is a great opportunity to hit a hot market with best-of-breed open source technology and be the front lines of our Account Management program.
The specific responsibilities of the position include:

Exceed quarterly renewal and upsell goals
Maintain solid relationships with customers and ownership of customers success with Acquia platform services
Guide customers through onboarding of products and services
Maintain control of account direction and strategy
Build relationships with strategic leadership level customer contacts
Identify new opportunities and work to drive them to a close
Coordinate with business users and procurement to ensure timely renewals
Update and maintain Sales database as appropriate
Must be able to proactively drive accounts with minimal oversight
Strong collaboration with internal teams
Generates trusted relationships with customers
Ability to manage multiple systems and administration at once

Required Qualifications, Skills  Experience: 
In order to be successful at Acquia, you must have the following types of traits  skill set

2-5 years working in a sales  account management role for a technology company
Strong leadership, teamwork, communication  cross-group collaboration skills
Proven track record of sustaining  growing complex relationships including closing the renewal and assisting with up sell  cross sell opportunities
Has owned  exceeded a renewals quota
Renewal forecasting  analytical skills
Detailed oriented and organized
Ability to perform in a fast paced environment
Self-starter who can set and manage priorities
MS Office knowledge, including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Experience with Salesforce.com and other CRM tools
Strong verbal and written communication skills

Acquia is proud to provide best-in-class benefits offerings to our employees and their families in maintaining both a healthy body and a healthy mind. Core Benefits include: competitive healthcare coverage, wellness programs, take it when you need it time off, parental leave, recognition programs, and much more!
Acquia is an equal opportunity (EEO) employer. We hire without regard to age, color, disability, gender (including gender identity), marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law.