Acquia empowers the worlds most ambitious brands to create digital customer experiences that matter. With open source Drupal at its core, the Acquia Digital Experience Platform (DXP) enables marketers, developers, and IT operations teams at thousands of global organizations to rapidly compose and deploy digital products and services that engage customers, enhance conversions, and help businesses stand out.
Headquartered in the U.S., Acquia has been named a top software company by The Software Report, rated a leader by the analyst community, and named a top place to work by the Boston Globe and the Boston Business Journal. We are Acquia. We are building for the future and we want you to be a part of it!
We are seeking an ambitious Customer Account Manager responsible for developing  maintaining existing customer relationships. This role will proactively engage in the day-to-day management of the account including issue resolution. They will become the customers advocate within Acquia creating a positive customer experience that ultimately results in the renewal of the subscription. This role will work directly with Sales, Technical Support and Finance.
This position is designed for someone who has a high attention to detail and strives for customer satisfaction. This is a great opportunity to hit a hot market with best-of-breed open source technology and be the front lines of our Account Management program.
SUMMARY:

Maintain account retention while providing exceptional customer service and developing client relationships
Identify and close new opportunities within existing customer base
Create and execute on a territory plan to drive customer retention and upsell opportunities
Coordinate with business users and procurement to ensure timely renewals
Update and maintain Sales database as appropriate
Generates trusted relationships with customers
Ability to manage multiple systems and administration at once

JOB REQUIREMENTS:

1 year experience interacting with customers and internal stakeholders
Strong leadership, teamwork, communication  cross-group collaboration skills
Must be able to proactively drive account retention with minimal oversight from management
Can explainpresent solutions in the context of the business requirement
Can identify expansion opportunities when speaking to a customer
Incredibly detail oriented, ability to manage multipleconflicting priorities.
Ability to perform in a fast paced environment
MS Office knowledge including Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Experience with Salesforce.com and other CRM tools

Acquia is proud to provide best-in-class benefits offerings to our employees and their families in maintaining both a healthy body and a healthy mind. Core Benefits include: competitive healthcare coverage, wellness programs, take it when you need it time off, parental leave, recognition programs, and much more!
Acquia is an equal opportunity (EEO) employer. We hire without regard to age, color, disability, gender (including gender identity), marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law.
Interested residents of Colorado may contact NA-recruitingacquia.com as it relates to regulation C.R.S.  8-5-201. Information regarding benefits are linked here.
 