Acquia empowers the worlds most ambitious brands to create digital customer experiences that matter. With open source Drupal at its core, the Acquia Digital Experience Platform (DXP) enables marketers, developers, and IT operations teams at thousands of global organizations to rapidly compose and deploy digital products and services that engage customers, enhance conversions, and help businesses stand out.
Headquartered in the U.S., Acquia has been named a top software company by The Software Report, rated a leader by the analyst community, and named a top place to work by the Boston Globe and the Boston Business Journal. We are Acquia. We are building for the future and we want you to be a part of it!
As the Senior Major Account Manager, you will...

Develop and execute a large account, multi-LOB development strategy for a named set of Acquias largest customers with a goal of growing and renewing Acquias digital experience platform subscription business (Experience Factory and Marketing Hub)
Lead a cross-functional team of Acquia colleagues and partners to deliver outcome-oriented digital experience solutions that drive full subscription renewal attainment and incremental subscription and services revenue
Ensure that all technology and business delivery expectations are met with a goal of improving value realization

Youll enjoy this role if you have

PROACTIVE, DISCIPLINED and PERSISTENT personal style with an innate sense of urgency
Strong intellect with an educated approach to delivering a deliberate point of view regarding cloud, open source and digital technologies
Ability to effectively communicate across the client organization, from hands-on technical resources to C-level executives
Strong technical acumen with proven ability to present and sell complex software products (infrastructure and applications) in a Voice of the Customer context, explicitly linking IT and business outcome value
Process-oriented approach to identifying, qualifying, negotiating and closing enterprise-level software subscription agreements in complex, multi-constituent enterprise environments

What youll need to be successful...

BSBA required
8 years enterprise softwaresubscription sales experience  CMS and digital experience platform knowledge a strong plus
Successful track record of working remotely as a member of a distributed sales team
Transparent and accountable operating style (Salesforce proficiency required)
Dedication to the art and science of selling, preferably with Strategic Selling andor Challenger sales method experience
History of consistently exceeding sales quota and business objectives
Proven ability to retain and capture new, full life-cycle enterprise business and build brand equity via successful whitespace mapping and sales play execution
Exemplary communication and presentation skills
Willingness and desire to travel as necessary in support of individual sales activities and team success

Acquia is proud to provide best-in-class benefits offerings to our employees and their families in maintaining both a healthy body and a healthy mind. Core Benefits include: competitive healthcare coverage, wellness programs, take it when you need it time off, parental leave, recognition programs, and much more!
Acquia is an equal opportunity (EEO) employer. We hire without regard to age, color, disability, gender (including gender identity), marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law.
Interested residents of Colorado may contact NA-recruitingacquia.com as it relates to regulation C.R.S.  8-5-201. Information regarding benefits are linked here.