Acquia empowers the worlds most ambitious brands to create digital customer experiences that matter. With open source Drupal at its core, the Acquia Digital Experience Platform (DXP) enables marketers, developers, and IT operations teams at thousands of global organizations to rapidly compose and deploy digital products and services that engage customers, enhance conversions, and help businesses stand out.
Headquartered in the U.S., Acquia has been named a top software company by The Software Report, rated a leader by the analyst community, and named to the UKs Best Workplaces list published by Great Place to Work UK. We are Acquia. We are building for the future and we want you to be a part of it!
Summary: 
Were looking for hardworking technical leads, TAMs or architects to bring into the emerging Digital Experience Platform (DXP) industry to advise our growing customer base. 
Pivoting on your experience in digital delivery, youll be a catalyst for our high-value customers; from global sporting events, international news, media, healthcare and more. 
As a Technical Account Manager at Acquia, youll have the opportunity to work across multiple accounts, technologies, projects and potentially countries; expediting your own growth and cross-pollinating solved problems between customers. Youll work with a small portfolio of high-value customers and build strong relationships with them. 
The Consultancy: 

Listen to customers. Identify their business drivers. 
Build platform strategies to achieve customer business goals. 
Consult on a wide variety of technical and strategic topics, including standard methodologies and delivery strategies with Acquia products, including cloud hosting.
Identify business risks and technical solutions to mitigate them. 
Connect customers with other subject matter specialists within Acquia.
Connect with customers with clarity and courtesy  verbally and in writing.
 Work with customers across media such as video calls, phone conferences, email, chat.
Efficiently balance multiple requests from multiple customers. 
Collaborate with other global team members on technical and customer service challenges. 
Be open to occasional travel. 

Your Unique Skills: 

You can communicate with partners across the business at different levels (e.g. developer vs a head of digital).
You can translate technical discussions for non-technical audiences and vice versa.
You can provide excellent customer service. 
When problem-solving, you can go down-the-rabbit-hole quickly and are comfortable under pressure to produce next steps. 
You can use data and insight to drive customer decision making. 
Ability to efficiently prioritize a large number of competing requests. 
Performs work with (internal and external) customer happiness in mind, while not compromising the integrity of the work. 
Excellent interpersonal, team cooperation, and communication skills.
Listens and probes to understand, diagnose and understand what matters most to others. Values the input and insights of others. 

Your Experience 

You have Drupal experience and a developer background with WCMCMS.
Youve learned from failure and thrive with feedback. 
Youve contributed to open source projects and participated in open source communities. 
Youve led a delivery team, architected a solution or are an SME in a specific field.
Youve had exposure to enterprise or government delivery environments. 

Your Character: 

Youre naturally motivated to resolve hard problems. You can jump in and own It.
You give back more. You find ways to build and grow customers and colleagues.
Youre autonomous and driven; committed to awesome. 
You do the right thing for your customers
You dare to be different. You can think differently and be willing to act on it. 

Acquia is an equal opportunity employer. We hire without regard to age, colour, disability, gender (including gender identity), marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or any other status protected by applicable law.