
Acquia is the open digital experience company. We provide the worlds most ambitious brands with products built around Drupal to allow them to embrace innovation and create customer moments that matter. At Acquia, we believe in the power of community and collaboration — giving our customers and partners the freedom to build tomorrow on their terms.
Headquartered in the U.S., we have been named one of North Americas fastest growing software companies by Deloitte and Inc. Magazine, rated a leader by the analyst community, and named one of the Best Places to Work by the Boston Business Journal. We are Acquia. We are building for the future and we want you to be a part of it!
Summary:
Were looking for hardworking technical leads, TAMs or architects to bring into the emerging Digital Experience Platform (DXP) industry to advise our growing customer base.
Pivoting on your experience in digital delivery, youll be a catalyst for our high-value customers; from global sporting events, international news, media, healthcare and more.
As a consultant, youll have the opportunity to work across multiple accounts, technologies, projects and potentially countries; expediting your own growth and cross-pollinating solved problems between customers. Youll travel to visit customers (COVID-19 allowing) and build face-to-face relationships with them.
Youll be a part of a global Technical Account Management  Marketing Consultancy team who provide advice and guidance to customers. Youll work with a local team of other fields to make your customers successful.
Well provide training on our DXP offering, including CDN, WAF, DAM, Personalization, Content Syndication, Customer Data Platform (CDP), NodeJs, WCM (Drupal), Multisite and Marketing Automation.
Candidates must have Japanese language competency to consult with our customers face-to-face.
The Consultancy: 

Listen to customers. Identify their business drivers.
Build platform strategies to achieve customer business goals.
Consult on a wide variety of technical and strategic topics, including standard methodologies and delivery strategies with Acquia products, including cloud hosting.
Identify business risks and technical solutions to mitigate them.
Connect customers with other subject matter specialists within Acquia
Connect with customers with clarity and courtesy  verbally and in writing
Work with customers across mediums such as video calls, phone conferences, email, chat and face-to-face.
Efficiently balance multiple requests from multiple customers.
Collaborate with other team members on technical and customer service challenges.
Travel to customers located across Japan and South-east Asia (COVID-19 pending).

Your Character:

Youre naturally motivated to resolve hard problems. You can jump in and own It.
You give back more. You find ways to build and grow customers and colleagues.
Youre autonomous and driven; committed to awesome.
You do the right thing for your customer and by your colleagues.
You dare to be different. You can think differently and be willing to act on it.

Your Unique Skills:

You can communicate with partners across the business at different levels (e.g. developer vs a head of digital).
You have a developer background with WCMCMS or have prior TAM experience.
You can provide excellent customer service.
When problem-solving, you can go down-the-rabbit-hole quickly and are comfortable under pressure to produce next steps.
Youre driven more by a systematic or scientific approach than instinct or intuition.
You can use data and insight to drive customer decision making.
Ability to efficiently prioritize a large number of competing requests
Performs work with (internal and external) customer happiness in mind, while not compromising the integrity of the work
Excellent interpersonal, team cooperation, and communication skills
Listens and probes to understand, diagnose and understand what matters most to others. Values the input and insights of others.

Your Experience

Youve learned from failure and thrive with feedback.
Youve contributed to open source projects and participated in open source communities.
Youve led a delivery team, architected a solution or are an SME in a specific field.
Youve had exposure to enterprise or government delivery environments.

Acquia is an equal opportunity (EEO) employer. We hire without regard to age, color, disability, gender (including gender identity), marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other status protected by applicable law.
 