Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.At Affirm, data is fundamental to everything we do. Our data and storage solutions empower machine learning, artificial intelligence, cloud-based technologies, and other modern tools to create differential and scalable products. We prioritize building our own technology and investing in engineering talent, as we believe these are enduring competitive advantages that are difficult to replicate. Our expertise in sourcing, aggregating, protecting, and analyzing data has been what we believe to be a core competitive advantage of our platform since our founding. We use data to inform our analysis and decision-making, including risk assessment, in a way that empowers consumers and generates value for our merchants and funding sources. 
Our mission is to provide trustworthy, intuitive, and cost-efficient solutions to secure, store, analyze, and transform data at exceptional scale. 
We are looking for a highly motivated Senior Engineering Manager with a track record of leading and growing high-performing engineering teams. The Online Storage team provides a set of managed databases as a platform, used to persist data for all Affirm services. Our platform automates operations and development on services on top of storage systems like AWS Aurora (MySQL), DynamoDB, and S3. As a team, we are responsible for various data and access patterns, including but not limited to mission-critical financial transactional data, data science models, and any new persistence use case requiring us to learn and gain deep expertise in various database systems. 
Affirm is growing fast and we want you to enable us to scale our products to 10x and beyond through building world-class systems which enable Affirm in its mission to provide honest financial products which improve lives.
We are only just getting started! Come join us as we build a beloved, lasting financial services brand predicated on honesty and trust. Its going to be an amazing ride!
Role
As a manager for the Online Storage team, you will combine a strong understanding of application architecture, smooth developer experiences and fast-paced execution to deliver a powerful self-serve system to help Affirm scale easily. This will need you to apply a customer-centric approach across the engineering organization to help the team craft and execute on a long-term roadmap.
What youll do
As a member of the Data and Storage Services org, you will collaborate with other teams - including product, infrastructure, and site reliability engineering(SRE) to:

Develop a team of engineers responsible for building frameworks, systems and tools to enable new Affirm products with business requirements that scale over millions of users, their transactions and secure data!
Work with multiple tech leads, technical program managers and product managers on security, tools, architecture, planning and delivery of multiple concurrent projects.
Work with internal teams to build out our fast growing analytics data infrastructure.
Work multi-functionally across the engineering organization as well as with internal and external partners.
Provide leadership and growth opportunities to your team members, develop talent, mentor engineers, recruit and represent Affirms hiring brand.

What we look for

Solid leadership abilities and effective interpersonal skills.
Experience in running diverse engineering teams.
5-15 years of software engineering experience.
3 years of management experience
Experienced knowledge of a dynamically typed language -- we primarily use Python, but members of our team have backgrounds in a wide range of technologies.
Experience building software with IaC (Infrastructure as Code) frameworks and tools.
Expreince building and shipping software on cloud providers such as AWS , Azure or GCP. We primarily use AWS. 
Solid CS fundamentals and hands on coding skills.

What youll learn
Join us as we build a beloved, lasting financial services company predicated on honesty and trust. In this role, youll understand the exciting challenges of helping a fast-growing company move towards a service-oriented architecture - diving into the scaling and availability challenges of infrastructural components that are the fundamental building blocks of a large scale system. Youll hone your ability to anticipate and recognize how to apply different technologies to solve a wide array of real world problems across the organization - all while building teams and working cross functionally with hardworking peers.
 
USA Pacific base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 222,300 - 275,000
USA Sapphire base pay range (all other U.S. states): 200,000 - 250,000
LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
