Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.As a Salesforce Developer, you will be an integral member of the Business Systems team within Revenue! You will collaborate with the rest of Business Systems and key stakeholders to craft and deliver technical solutions to business problems and transform the way our Revenue colleagues thrive. We look for candidates who strive for simple, sophisticated solutions and continuously improve both their technical and soft skills. The ideal candidate will demonstrate the ability to work nimbly and efficiently and adapt in a constantly evolving environment. 
What Youll Do:

Work on complex development projects, implementing well-architected solutions in our CRM platform that directly impact our Revenue teams processes
Develop, test, and document custom development, integrations, and data migration elements of tech stack optimization initiatives
Collaborate with Business Systems teammates to manage deployment processes
Execute test plans to ensure new features meet quality standards
Advocate for the optimization of Salesforce and connected systems
Provide estimates and project plans for work you are leading
Track new Salesforce product and technical capabilities during new product releases and acquisitions

What We Look For:

BABS or equivalent 4-year degree
2 years of experience developing with Apex
Understanding of Agile methodology
2 years of experience developing with Workato or other integration-platform-as-a-service (iPaaS) tools 
Expert level proficiency in Salesforce.com and solid understanding of Salesforce CPQ
Salesforce Advanced Administrator certification
Salesforce Platform Developer I and II certifications
Ability to translate business requirements into technical recommendations

If you got to this point, we hope you are feeling excited about the job description you just read. Even if you dont feel that you meet every single requirement, we still encourage you to apply. We are eager to meet people that believe in Affirms mission and can contribute to our team in a variety of ways - not just candidates who check all the boxes.
Compensation  Benefits
We offer a competitive package, with some highlights listed below.  However, the given figures are not guaranteed compensation ranges; rather, they are unbinding, approximate indications of what the salary may be for your awareness. The actual salary may be less than the lower range or greater than the upper range, depending on skills and experience. No employee is guaranteed salary at the amount of the lower range.

Targeted Gross Monthly Salary: 14,333 - 17,200 PLN
Type of employment: Contract of Employment
Flexible Spending Wallets for tech, food and lifestyle
Generous time off policies 
Away Days - wellness days to take off work and recharge
Learning  Development programs
Parental leave
Robust health benefits
Employee Resource  Community Groups



Location - Remote Poland
The majority of our roles can be located anywhere in Poland.This job description is not a contractual document, and is not intended to have binding force.

LI-Remote

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
