Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.
We are in search of a passionate and analytically inclined data professional to join the Strategic Finance team. This impactful and highly visible position is part of International Finance within Affirm Canada, a tightly-knit sub-team known for its substantial cross-functional influence and responsibility. We help set company-wide targets, provide forecasts and real-time analytics to executives and business leaders, and partner cross-functionally to evaluate strategic business and product decisions. The ideal candidate will not only have superb technical skills but also strong interpersonal skills and the ability to influence and present to all levels of the organization.
What Youll Do


Become end-to-end financial expert on Affirms international and new markets;  understand historical company performance and predict future outcomes


Design, develop, and deliver scalable data pipelines, dashboards, and analytics for cross-departmental consumption (i.e. Client Success, Credit, Merchant Pricing, and Capital Markets)


Support the Finance team in developing automated financial forecasts, including loan volume, transaction forecasts, and other key financial metrics.


Aid in the development of automated user, merchant, and financial forecasts 


Evaluate, communicate, and recommend solutions to optimize growth in users, volume, revenue, and unit economics


What We Look For


Passion and drive to disrupt the lending and financial industry for the better


Strong sense of ownership, intellectual curiosity and an ability to think creatively and critically and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, and often ambiguous work environment


High attention to detail but an equally important ability to see the big picture and evaluate analyses with strategic business context


2 years experience in analytically-driven roles (analytics, data science, consulting, finance, etc.)


Strong working knowledge of SQL and Python; including:


Experience writing clean, computationally efficient code involving ETL processes and data manipulation via SQL and Python


Experience using standard Python analysis packages (e.g., SciPy, NumPy, Pandas)       


Experience using standard Python analysis packages (e.g., SciPy, NumPy, Pandas)


Comfort with production level IDEs (e.g., PyCharm, Visual Studio), interactive IDEs (e.g., Databricks, Jupyter), and Version Control (e.g., git, specifically GitHub)




Experience using DBT or similar data transformation tool strongly preferred


Experience using Looker or similar BI tool strongly preferred


Excel modeling experience a plus


Compensation  Benefits
We offer a competitive package, with some highlights listed below.  However, the given figures are not guaranteed compensation ranges; rather, they are unbinding, approximate indications of what the salary may be for your awareness. The actual salary may be less than the lower range or greater than the upper range, depending on skills and experience. No employee is guaranteed salary at the amount of the lower range.

Targeted Gross Monthly Salary: 18,842 -23,550 PLN
Flexible Spending Wallets for tech, food and lifestyle
Generous time off policies 
Away Days - wellness days to take off work and recharge
Learning  Development programs
Parental leave
Robust health benefits
Employee Resource  Community Groups



Location - Remote Poland
The majority of our roles can be located anywhere in Poland.
This job description is not a contractual document, and is not intended to have binding force.

LI-Remote

 
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
