Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.The Partner Interfaces group at Affirm builds the APIs and webhooks that power all of Affirms integrations with merchants and partners.  The Partner Interfaces sub-team represents the portion of this group that manages partners - large customers such as Shopify that themselves manage multiple merchants.  Its job is to create and manage the APIs and other tools that power the experience in the websites of those partners, such as checkout and merchant onboarding, as well as orchestrate the end-to-end integration solution for them.
We are looking for a highly motivated and experienced Engineering Manager to join us and help lead this team. The work will be challenging due to the speed at which the market is growing, and the work involved will directly impact the growth trajectory of the merchant network.
What youll do

Drive sprint planning, resource allocations, tradeoffs, and prioritization conversations with business and technical stakeholders to define epics in Jira and manage the quality of deliverables to production.
Collaborate with Product managers, cross-functional engineering teams, designers, and analysts to define product roadmap and execute a plan to build practical technology capabilities.
Participate in quarterly planning and work closely with peers and teams to remove impediments, articulate tradeoffs, and garner resources. 
Provide tailored coaching, feedback, and mentoring for Engineers and inspire a team of full-stack engineers.
Manage on-call processes to respond to performance and reliability issues.
Establish best practices for coordinating escalation to resolve issues and minimize risks.
Demonstrate humility to admit mistakes, grow from failures, and build a culture of continuous improvement.

What we look for

Bachelors degree or above in Computer Science or a related technical discipline and good communication skills.
2 years of engineering management experience and ideal experience collaborating with distributed teams in distant time zones.
Passion for working with cross-functional teams, including Product, Design, Analytics, and Business.
Demonstrated experience in building and scaling platforms and distributed systems that require high availability, resilience, and meeting stringent SLO objectives is required.
The ability to leverage observability and tracking tools to gather data for informed decision-making is required.


We offer a competitive package, with some highlights listed below: 


Flexible Spending Wallets for tech, food and lifestyle
Generous time off policies 
Away Days - wellness days to take off work and recharge
Learning  Development programs
Parental leave
Robust health benefits
Employee Resource  Community Groups

We are able to offer visa sponsorship for this role, but do require that someone is based in Spain for the role. 
Location - Remote Spain
LI-Remote


Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
