Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our Servicing Engineering team, which is responsible for building customer self-service features as well as agent and customer facing platforms that integrate with nearly every system across Affirm. We are committed to using exciting new technologies and building powerful platforms. The goal of the team is to provide the best possible experience to customers and agents while simultaneously reducing compliance risks and servicing costs. We invest in user experiences that educate and explain our product transparently and effectively, enabling our users to either self-serve or get direct help from our customer service agents.
What Youll Do

Partner with product and engineering managers to work on projects based on the team goals and resources.
Work with tech lead to drive detailed project definition, design, cross-functional alignment, estimation, in addition to task break-down, delivery, monitoring, and maintenance.
Consistently generate simple and elegant designs, and write high-quality code that can be easily understood and leveraged by others.
Perform solution design and develop  innovative solutions to complex problems.
Applies in-depth or broad technical knowledge to provide solutions across one or more technology areas (e.g. Salesforce Service Cloud, Experience Cloud, Mulesoft and Amazon Connect).
Independently performs analysis of complex functional and business requirements. 
Work with team to create and influence proper standards for development, governance and operational life cycle (SDLC, STLC)
Participate in the continuous improvement of servicing platforms, operations and delivery

What We Look For

3 years of software engineering experience shipping production-quality code.
3 years of strong Salesforce development, and configuration experience preferably in Service Cloud and Experience cloud implementations.
2 years of experience developing APIs using Mulesoft platform components (ie: API Manager, CloudHub, AnyPoint Studio etc.)
Strong background of programming in MVC architecture - Lightning Web Components, Java Script, HTML, CSS, Apex.
Salesforce certification in Service Cloud  Platform Developer preferred.
2 years of experience working in Scrum or other Agile methodology.
Experienced working with cross-functional teams including Product, Design, Analytics and Business teams.
Good verbal and written communication skills.

Location - Remote Canada

LI-Remote

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
