Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.We are looking for an experienced Partner Sales Account Executive (AE) to drive incremental business growth across our new and established channel-partnerships. You will join a growing Partner Sales team as a quota-carrying individual contributor dedicated to scaling merchant acquisition within our eCommerce and Payments partner networks. 
You will mentor more junior members of the team, and work closely with cross-functional partners in Partner Management, Enablement, Revenue Operations, Marketing and others to influence our Partners sales teams to position Affirm in the market, increase their sales of our product andor generate a steady flow of pipeline for our commercial teams while also being a resource to close deals directly with our partners.
What Youll Do:

Achieve and exceed team sales goals which will include growth and annual revenue targets
Own, nurture, and grow deep relationships with named partners to influence and gain commitment from them to generate revenue through positioning Affirm to their prospective and existing customers
Respond, engage, and qualify partner leads and inquiries
Oversee and document the sales cycle from prospect through negotiation and close
Define and execute partner growth strategies
Build company credibility, brand value, and trust with your partners and their prospective customers
Participate in sales and channel development strategies to assist the company in optimizing information related to the industry and customer needs
Provide voice of customer and partner internally, and ensure our solutions meet the needs of the market
Innovate and improve; bring new ideas to make our internal and external processes better

What We Look For:

7 years in PartnerChannel Sales Account Executive role or similar
Proven sales quota attainment
Experience in eCommerce andor Credit and Payments landscape
The ability to drive competitive deals independently in a fast-paced environment
Proven ability to build strong relationships, influence and motivate others to achieve outcomes in a rapidly growing environment
Ability to coach and influence other members of the team
Outgoing teammate who enjoys working cross-functionally and establishing links within the organization
Seeks out new opportunities, drives progress, and navigates ambiguity
Outstanding organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projectstasks concurrently
Excellent communication, presentation, and listening skills

USA Pacific OTE (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 225,300 - 270,300USA Sapphire OTE (all other U.S. states): 202,800 - 243,300
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
