Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Our mission to deliver honest financial products that improve lives extends beyond borders. Consumers across the globe need safe, transparent financing. Our retail partners need Affirm to be there for them, wherever that might be. To help achieve this vision, we are expanding our product lines and becoming a global company.
The Purchasing team is focused on building the future of checkout. Were working on international expansion, creating new and transparent ways for consumers to pay, offering rewards and promotions in checkout, and scaling our platform as we expand our ecommerce and instore channels.
As the Senior Product Manager for Checkout Growth, you will own, build, and scale the checkout and upfunnel experiences to as many merchants as possible. You will be responsible for building a customized purchasing experience for merchant growth initiatives and expanding the impact of consumer purchasing power. By helping grow the merchant ecosystem, you can drive impactful access to Affirms buy-now-pay-later products as well as future innovations. The ideal candidate has experience in fintech or ecommerce. 
You will balance strategic direction with tactical execution, from architecture to operations to go-to-market. You can communicate complex concepts concisely, operate in a regulatory environment, have technical conversations (and opinions), and are passionate about scalable platforms.
What Youll Do

Build a strategy, vision, and roadmap for Checkout Growth to help Affirm grow and scale
Define the success metrics and OKRs by partnering with cross functional leaders
Develop features and capabilities that make it easier for Affirm to launch new features and experiences in checkout quickly across many channels and surfaces
Translate customer and internal-user needs into clear, well-defined functional and technical requirements backed by data analysis and deep understanding of our users
Guide and interface closely with data analysis and engineering teams to define scope, review and refine technical capabilities, prioritize projects for release, and define new opportunities.
Build long-term instrumentation, monitoring, and evaluation capabilities for product performance, tracking, and to create product insights.
Leverage data-driven experimentation and measurement frameworks to track product success or lack of thereof
Work closely with all product teams, business, ops, and executive stakeholders to ensure successful end-to-end delivery

What We Look For

5 years of product management experience in the software tech industry
Track record of experimenting and successfully launching at scale
Solid technical chops that allow you to have in depth technical discussions and opinions 
Outstanding written and verbal communication with a diverse stakeholder audience
Experience balancing time to market and rigor, striking the right balance between flexibility and consistency, and comfortable communicating prioritization
An obsession for getting the details right, but also knowing how to ship on time
Comfortable in an ambiguous matrixed organization



Location - Remote Canada

LI-Remote

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
