Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest. Affirm, Inc. proudly includes Affirm, PayBright, and Returnly. 
Affirm continues to evolve our large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant global infrastructure. We pride ourselves on constantly innovating while keeping the business running 247. Leveraging our culture of constantly learning we implement large scale changes based on sound tech specs, constant feedback from our shareholders and by learning from our mistakes in a blameless manner.
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer whos passionate about automation  scripting and has experience with scale to join our Infrastructure Engineering team. We enable Affirm to build and scale our Infrastructure globally in an engineering efficient, developer friendly, cost-effective, resilient, performant and secure manner and ensure that Affirm can uphold our SLA commitments. Our work ranges from automating load tests, scaling for the holiday season, developing capacity models and having fun along the way!
 
What youll do


Build out automation for load testing of our checkout flow and more


Scaling our infrastructure for high traffic events like Prime Day and Black Friday Cyber Monday


Right sizing compute and data workloads


Assist with oncall and triage rotations


What we look for


4 years of software development experience with experience mentoring junior engineers


Software development experience in Python or a similar language


Linux and AWS experience, AWS certification is a plus


Kubernetes experience is a bonus


Experience in operating 24x7 mission-critical systems


LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
