Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.As an Enterprise Technical Account Manager you will be responsible for the technical success of our largest merchants post-sale. You will advise their developers, product teams, and key business partners throughout the entire customer lifecycle. You will be responsible for implementing our products into merchants existing architecture and you will continue to work with them as they scale. You will help them not only to avoid pitfalls, but to take advantage of more of Affirms offerings; solving business objectives with technical strategies and product optimizations. Technical Account Managers are a part of the Engineering Team and work closely with Affirms Product, Operations, Customer Success and Merchant Help teams.
What Youll Do


You will be the primary technical lead over a set of enterprise merchants within a vertical or like category; you will be responsible for building the trust of your technical counterparts while also fostering long term relationships with all merchant partners 


Project Manage and provide world class technical guidance and solutions for new merchants integrations and post launch expansion initiatives; utilize and build on implementation guides, best practice playbooks, and UAT certification plans


Work closely with Commercial team counterpart(s) on establishing overall account strategy based on business goals and opportunities


Consistently demonstrate your technical expertise and knowledge of Affirms product suite to increase scope and product adoption from initial launch through scale


Identify product gaps andor optimizations to our existing solutions; conduct initial requirements gathering with merchants and provide timely feedback to our product and engineering teams


Quickly resolve critical technical issues for your accounts; quarterback multi-departmental efforts to resolve complicated issues in a timely manner 


What We Look For


7 years experience as a TAM, Solutions Engineer, or other customer facing technical role where you owned key technical relationships


Comfort reading code in at least two programming languages


Confident when discussing technical web development concepts


Engineering managers respect your opinion after talking with you about different technical approaches


A think outside the box approach to complex, bespoke integrations and technical problems


Exceptional communication skills, with a deep command of the written word (please submit a cover letter when applying - we actually read them!)


Successful track record in retaining and growing enterprise accounts


Strong project management skills, capable of influencing internal and external partners to stay on schedule


Bachelors degree with a record of pushing yourself academically


Nice To Have


Degree in a technical major (Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, etc.) or bootcamp grad


Familiarity with the payments ecosystem


Familiarity with webmobile application architecture


Comfortable writing code in at least one language


Location - Remote Canada
LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
