Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Were looking for a driven, analytically-minded professional to join the Product Analytics team. The team is responsible for the research, reporting and experimentation necessary to build outstanding consumer-facing products. The ideal candidate will have strong analytical and problem solving skills, an eagerness to work cross-functionally, curiosity to learn more every day, and patience to work through difficult problems.  
What Youll Do


Proactively explore data and identify opportunities to help accelerate product development or improve existing products


Address ambiguous problems and formulate hypotheses into actionable and well-designed experiments


Partner cross-functionally with our Product and Engineering teams, build a rapport and be a trusted advisor to team members


Own end-to-end product analytics workflow, including defining success and performance metrics, socializing them across the organization, and creating actionable dashboards and reports


Partner with Engineering to optimize data quality


 
What We Look For


1-3 years of experience in an analytical role


Strong interpersonal skills and experience managing and collaborating on cross-functional projects


Experience pulling and joining data sources with SQL and performing analysis using tools such as Python


Ability to start with an ambiguous problem, deconstruct it into tangible steps, and work towards an actionable solution 


Proficiency communicating research and recommendations to technical and non-technical audiences


An appreciation for qualitative and quantitative analysis and an admiration for good design


Willingness to go out of your way to help teammates


Process-oriented mindset that finds a faster way to do your least favorite tasks


LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
