Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.The Partner Interfaces group at Affirm builds the APIs and webhooks that power all of Affirms integrations with merchants and partners.  The Partner Interfaces sub-team represents the portion of this group that manages partners - large customers such as Shopify that themselves manage multiple merchants.  Its job is to create and manage the APIs and other tools that power the experience in the websites of those partners, such as checkout and merchant onboarding, as well as orchestrate the end-to-end integration solution for them.
We are looking for a highly motivated and experienced software engineer to join us and help fulfill our vision. The work will be challenging due to the speed at which the market is growing, and the work involved will directly impact the growth trajectory of the merchant network.
What youll do

Work with product and engineering managers to identify and plan projects based on the team goals and resources.
Drive detailed project definition, design, cross-functional alignment, estimation, in addition to task break-down, delivery, monitoring, and maintenance.
Consistently generate simple and elegant designs, and write high-quality code that can be easily understood and leveraged by others.
Build relationships with people across engineering and other organizations for the design, implementation, roll-out and maintenance of projects.
Actively participate in making your  team and workplace an inclusive environment for people from all backgrounds.

What we look for

2 - 3 years of experience as a software engineer
Passion for working with cross-functional teams including Product, Design, Analytics and Business teams.
Ability to synthesize complex business, product, and technical requirements to consistently produce high quality system designs and software.
Experience succeeding as the technical lead of a large, potentially ambiguous project involving multiple stakeholders and contributors.
A humble team-player who places the needs of others first, participates in the development of peers on the team, and mentors and guides more junior members in areas where they may have less experience.
Exposure to any of the following technologies is a plus, but not required: API development, Python, MySql, ElasticSearch, AWS, Docker, and FlaskCelery.

LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
