Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Were looking for an experienced, motivated Senior Technical Program Manager to oversee our Capital programs and streamline our processes for building great customer and merchant products. As our products scale in complexity to meet our accelerating business and expanding product lines, you will help our product and engineering teams develop processes and frameworks for building quality software, while evaluating new technology developments to drive potential features and products.
What youll do

Drive complex, multi-disciplinary, and highly visible technical projects in service of our teams mission of expanding our consumer product suite and platform capabilities
Coordinate across many engineering teams and non-engineering stakeholders through the full project lifecycle to plan requirements, identify risks, manage project schedules, and communicate clearly with cross-functional partners across the company
Understand technical implementation at the architecture level and propose technical alternatives, ask questions that clarify priorities and push the team to be effective, and develop domain and technical knowledge
Work closely with our leads and partners in Product, Engineering, Design, Infrastructure, Operations and Analytics to map out strategies and roadmaps
Track progress, resolve dependencies, evaluate risks, and communicate status to upper management and project stakeholders, and engage the project teams to achieve goals

What we look for

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent practical experience
3-5 years of experience project managing engineering teams 
Passion and drive to change consumer finance for the better
Organized and strategic approach to collaborating across multi-disciplinary teams
Track record of successfully launching software products
Clear and compelling written and verbal communication
Obsesses over getting the details right but knows how to ship on time
Working and driving strategic programs and building a remote friendly culture.
Track record of successfully driving complex large technology applications and geographically distributed backend systems.
Track record of strong stakeholder management with Engineering, Product, Design, Analytics, and other cross-functional teams.
Prior experience in FinTech, Payments or Commerce is a plus.

LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
