Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Were looking for a driven, analytically-minded professional to join the Growth Analytics team! Growth Analytics at Affirm encompasses Product, Marketing, Operations, and Foundations. The team is responsible for the research, reporting, and experimentation vital to build outstanding consumer-facing and merchant products.  Specifically, this role is for the Payment analytics team focused on payment platform and payment user experience optimization. The ideal candidate will have strong analytical and problem-solving skills, an eagerness to collaborate with different teams, curiosity to learn more every day, and patience to work through difficult problems.
What Youll Do

Proactively explore data and find opportunities to improve the user engagement, growth and profitability 
Utilize both industry and internal trends to produce insights that influence strategy for loan payment that directly impact the company bottom-line 
Own payment metrics (authorization rate, cost, etc), defining meaningful measurement and building intuitive dashboards
Address ambiguous problems and formulate hypotheses into actionable and well-designed experiments
Partner cross-functionally build a rapport and be a trusted advisor to team members
Own end-to-end analytics workflow, including defining success, generating insights and hypotheses, performance metrics, socializing them across the organization, creating impactful dashboards and reports, and developing scalable analytics solutions and data models

What We Look For

Passion to redefine the lending and financial industry for the better
2-4 years of experience in an analytically-driven role (analytics, consulting, finance, etc.); Preferably previous experience in payment processing, payment network and risk management 
Strong working knowledge of SQL andor experience with Python or R  
Practical and theoretical knowledge of AB testing
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work cross-functionally and influence both technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to think creatively and critically and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, and often ambiguous work environment
Bachelors or Masters degree in a quantitatively rigorous subject area like statistics, math, finance, economics desired
Enough laziness to find a faster way to do your least favorite tasks
Humility and team player - you go out of your way to help teammates

LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
