Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.We are looking for a smart and proactive individual to join the Treasury team as a Capital Operations Analyst. Treasury is responsible for the capital management and operations, funding and liquidity planning; and balance sheet risk management of a rapidly growing FinTech company. This particular role will focus on the Canadian funding operations for Affirms loan asset portfolio. You will have a unique opportunity to work cross-functionally and use quantitative insights to drive better decision-making across the Capital organization. The ideal candidate will not only have the technical skills to support their recommendations, but also strong interpersonal skills to manage various stakeholders.
 
What Youll Do

Support all capital and funding operations and interface with internal partners as well as various external capital partners 
Develop a keen understanding of our loan portfolio and oversee the movement of loan related cash flows
Perform ongoing concentration limits and triggers monitoring; and proactively identify any emerging trends
Manage ongoing internal and external audits for our funding facilities
Collaborate with management to identify improvements to current processes or propose new processes to strengthen internal controls and focus on scalability
Provide management reporting and reconciliation for cash and loan portfolios
Lead monthly and quarterly investors financial reporting to ensure accurate and timely delivery

 
What Were Looking For

1-2 years of experience in Treasury or investment operations, preferably at a financial services firm
BABS degree in a quantitative discipline
Strong attention to detail and determination with a high level of accuracy
Excellent proficiency in financial modeling and Excel
Ability to think creatively and critically and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, and often ambiguous work environment
Strong understanding of payments, liquidity management, and cash and risk management solutions
Basic understanding of a lending PL and various capital structures
Knowledge of SQL is a plus



Location - Remote Canada

LI-Remote

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
