Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Affirms Service Infrastructure team is building a large-scale, massively distributed, fault-tolerant global infrastructure shared across multiple financial products, merchants and vendors. Ensuring that our infrastructure is transparently available to engineers and scales efficiently to stay ahead of business growth is a critical part of Affirms success story. Service infrastructure organization is responsible for building and scaling foundational infrastructure across multiple AWS regions, Multi-regionDR strategy, Kubernetes (K8s) fleet management, Capacity Engineering, Observability and SRE to enable high availability and reliability for Affirm partners and customers. We pride ourselves on our culture across engineering design, architecture, writing detailed tech specs and automating running large scale operations via code. 
We are looking to hire a Senior DevOps Engineer for the Service Infrastructure team. This is a mission-critical role of ensuring our large-scale infrastructure systems are healthy, automated, and designed to scale. You will be partnering closely with the product and platform engineering teams to maintain a high availability and reliability SLAs for Affirm services. We are looking for engineers with strong coding or operations background and a passion for scalable and resilient cloud infrastructure, who pride themselves in creating self-healing, resilient, and secure infrastructure.
What you see below is a team spec - do not worry if you dont fit all the criteria. We are looking for Cloud and Site Reliability engineers that can work together as a DevOps team and provide the best solutions for other engineers at Affirm. 
What Youll Do

Design, create and expand monitoring and visibility systems to ensure the stability of our teams services.
Analyze, and review internal Affirm applications to design and implement improvements.
Manage infrastructure using best practices of infrastructure as a code
Provide self-service solutions for Affirm engineers to streamline their work
Write high-quality, testable, and easily digestible code that will serve as best practice templates.
Review others code and designs and provide constructive feedback to meet our high-quality standards.
Serve as a technical resource across engineering, especially in guiding product development teams in areas of performance, reliability, and scalability.
Provide daily and on-call support to other engineering teams.
Optimize Affirm systems and code for cost efficiency, security, and compliance.
On-Call Rotation- There would be an on-call rotation for this role as a requirement 

What We Look For

4 years of experience
Proven coding or scripting skills, preferably Python, Golang or Kotlin
Strong knowledge of Kubernetes on the deployment side 
Experience in the public cloud (preferably AWS)
Design and development of highly available systems (99.99 SLA)
Infrastructure as a code - preferably Terraform
Mentoring and enabling other engineers
Extensive knowledge of monitoring solutions (e.x. Prometheus, ELK, Helm)
Cloud cost management
Have a growth mindset
BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical field.


Compensation  Benefits
We offer a competitive package, with some highlights listed below.  However, the given figures are not guaranteed compensation ranges; rather, they are unbinding, approximate indications of what the salary may be for your awareness. The actual salary may be less than the lower range or greater than the upper range, depending on skills and experience. No employee is guaranteed salary at the amount of the lower range.

Flexible Spending Wallets for tech, food and lifestyle
Generous time off policies 
Away Days - wellness days to take off work and recharge
Learning  Development programs
Parental leave
Robust health benefits
Employee Resource  Community Groups

 



We are able to offer visa sponsorship for this role, but do require that someone is based in Spain for the role. 
Location - Remote Spain

 LI-Remote

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
