Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.
Do you love technical problem-solving? Do you enjoy teaching others? Do you want broad exposure to a wide variety of web development technologies?
As a Developer Support Engineer II at Affirm, youll be supporting the thousands of developers who are integrating Affirm into their e-commerce and in-store point of sale systems. You will combine your skills as a full-stack developer and an empathetic communicator to debug complex technical issues. Your communication to developers and business owners alike is technically sophisticated, authentic, and genuinely helpful. You delight normally cynical engineers, who are used to the black-hole support experiences they get from the traditional players. Developer Support Engineers are a part of the engineering organization at Affirm and work closely with Product, Operations, Account Management, and Merchant Help teams. As a founding member of the Poland Developer Support Engineering team at Affirm, you will have a huge impact from day one.
What Youll Do

Quickly become a specialist in Affirms APIs, products, and integration documentation
Fix merchant issues that are highly technical and raise these issues to other engineering teams when needed
Prioritize issues and projects related to improving the developer experience for our merchants
Creatively seek solutions to emergent problem spaces as we build out new platforms, technologies, and merchant requirements
Develop tools to help scale our merchant facing teams and improve efficiency
Analyze technical support patterns that can help drive product improvements
Lead projects relating to our internal tooling efforts and business critical processes
Participate in Incident Communications on-call rotations including during off hours

What We Look For

Passion to change consumer banking for the better
Two years of professional experience as a web developer or a related technical role
Proficiency with SQL and at least one programming language such as JavaScript, Python, or PHP
Experience integrating UX elements w backend services, frameworks, and 3rd party developer APIs
Excellent technical troubleshooting skills - Familiarity with Chrome Developer Tools is a plus
A strong voice when writing - you let your personality show without sacrificing clarity (Please submit a cover letter when applying - we actually read them)
Task jugglers who can keep dozens of balls in the air and thrive - help build internal tools one day and have a phone call with a client the next!
Bachelors degree with a strong academic record or equivalent practical experience


Compensation  Benefits
We offer a competitive package, with some highlights listed below.  However, the given figures are not guaranteed compensation ranges; rather, they are unbinding, approximate indications of what the salary may be for your awareness. The actual salary may be less than the lower range or greater than the upper range, depending on skills and experience. No employee is guaranteed salary at the amount of the lower range.

Targeted Gross Monthly Salary: 16,433 - 20,125  PLN
Type of employment: Contract of Employment
Flexible Spending Wallets for tech, food and lifestyle
Generous time off policies 
Away Days - wellness days to take off work and recharge
Learning  Development programs
Parental leave
Robust health benefits
Employee Resource  Community Groups
This role is eligible for creative tax benefits, subject to applicable law and company policy




Location - Remote Poland
The majority of our roles can be located anywhere in Poland.
LI-Remote 



Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
