Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.At Affirm, data is fundamental to everything we do. Our data and storage solutions empower machine learning, artificial intelligence, cloud-based technologies, and other modern tools to create differential and scalable products. We prioritize building our own technology and investing in engineering talent, as we believe these are enduring competitive advantages that are difficult to replicate. Our expertise in sourcing, aggregating, protecting, and analyzing data has been what we believe to be a core competitive advantage of our platform since our founding. We use data to inform our analysis and decision-making, including risk assessment, in a way that empowers consumers and generates value for our merchants and funding sources.
Our mission is to provide trustworthy, intuitive, and cost-efficient solutions to secure, store, analyze, and transform data at exceptional scale. 
We are responsible for highly available, low latency, cost efficient compliant cloud based data storage, data processing, and analytics capabilities that enable all of Affirms customer-facing business critical websitesapplications (e.g., checkout flows, merchant APIs, etc.) as well as back-office processes (e.g., Capital Engineering, Lending, etc.). To drive innovation at our scale, we need experienced engineers to build storage, data abstraction, streaming, transformation, analytics warehouse, replication, metadata platform, data exploration, governance framework.
What Youll Do
You will collaborate with other teams - including product, infrastructure, and site reliability engineering (SRE) to:

Leading and mentoring engineers to define and execute on a roadmap aligned with stakeholder needs
Design, build, and a highly durable and strongly consistent cloud based storage solutions. 
Design, build and own an infrastructure platform that provides critical support for operating database systems at scale.
Design and build structured storage solutions that solve for privacy first storage solutions.
Collaborate with other teams on their database needs and provide continuous guidance on design and architecture.
Participating in an on-call rotation and collaborating with other teams such as SRE to solve production issues.

You will also have the opportunity to learn bleeding edge open source technologies like Kubernetes and Vitess as we build the future of Affirms data storage platform.
What We Look For

7 years of development experience.
Experience leading design and execution and delivery of backend software projects. 
Experience with AWS andor other cloud providers like Azure , GCP etc;.
Experience with designing and owning highly available, fault-tolerant backend systems using cloud storage services.
Experience with building and operating data privacy related engineering services and infrastructure is a plus.
Strong understanding of CS fundamentals such as Distributed Systems, Database Systems, Operating Systems, algorithms, and data structures. Hands-on coding and debugging experience using modern software delivery methods to develop services using Python, Go, or JVM-based languages (Java, Kotlin, Scala).
Experience building software for database administration or experience with devops for databases is a plus. 
Working knowledge of OLAP systems like Snowflake, Redshift , BigQuery and Table formats like Apache Iceberg , HUDI, Delta Lake  is a plus.
Eager to learn new things and have a growth mindset.
At least one of:



Experience working in Database, SRE, or Infrastructure teams in the past, or have operated a distributed data storage system such as MySQL, Kafka, Cassandra, or others.
Experience with Service-Oriented Architectures (SOA). We use technologies such as Kubernetes, Docker, gRPC, Envoy, Istio, CeleryRabbitMQ, and NGINX, but we are always looking for new technologies to adopt.



Compensation  Benefits
We offer a competitive package, with some highlights listed below.  However, the given figures are not guaranteed compensation ranges; rather, they are unbinding, approximate indications of what the salary may be for your awareness. The actual salary may be less than the lower range or greater than the upper range, depending on skills and experience. No employee is guaranteed salary at the amount of the lower range.

Targeted Gross Monthly Salary: 25,792 - 32,233 PLN
Flexible Spending Wallets for tech, food and lifestyle
Generous time off policies 
Away Days - wellness days to take off work and recharge
Learning  Development programs
Parental leave
Robust health benefits
Employee Resource  Community Groups



Location - Remote Poland
The majority of our roles can be located anywhere in Poland.

LI-Remote
 


Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
