Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Strategic Finance Lead: Affirm Card
Were looking for a passionate and analytically minded professional to join the Strategic Finance team to support the growth of Affirms direct-to-consumer (D2C) Affirm Card business. Strategic Finance is responsible for driving company strategy, empowering executive decision making, and guiding the company towards achieving its goals. This high impact, highly visible role sits on the Revenue Finance group, a scrappy, tight-knit team with outsized cross-functional impact and ownership. We help set company-wide targets, provide forecasts and real time analytics to executives and business leaders, and partner cross functionally to evaluate strategic business and product decisions. The ideal candidate will not only have superb technical skills but also strong interpersonal skills and the ability to influence and present to all levels of the organization.
The Affirm Card is a debit card that allows consumers to pay for purchases now, or request to pay for purchases over time right from the Affirm app. Affirm Card is the key growth driver for Affirms D2C business, which builds upon Affirms existing Marketplace (mobile app and website) channel. 
What Youll Do

Become end-to-end financial expert and drive business outcomes through strategic and analytic support on the Affirm Card and Marketplace business
Collaborate with cross functional teams (i.e. Product, Growth Analytics, Credit, Revenue and, Merchant Pricing) to scale Affirm Card fast and profitably through financial support on product development and go-to-market strategies
Develop user growth, engagement and monetization models and strategies for D2C channels 
Become expert on transactional unit economics and consumer LTV
Design and deliver scalable automated user and financial dashboards and analytics for cross departmental and executive consumption
Establish top-line performance metrics and targets, analyze and report realized financial performance to Executives and company leaders, and drive accountability for results

What We Look For

Passion and drive to disrupt the lending and financial industry for the better
Strong sense of ownership, intellectual curiosity and an ability to think creatively and critically and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, and often ambiguous work environment
6 years experience in fast-paced analytical roles (strategic finance, investment banking, consulting, data science, analytics, etc.)
High attention to detail but an equally important ability to see the big picture and evaluate analyses with strategic business context
Familiarity with consumer finance andor direct-to-consumer metrics strongly preferred
Excellent working proficiency in excel and comfort with SQL, Looker andor other data visualization tools)

USA Pacific base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 138,800 - 208,200USA Sapphire base pay range (all other U.S. states): 124,900 - 187,300
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
