Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Are you passionate about software engineering and eager to make a real-world impact? Join us on a journey where your coding skills will shape the future of finance.

Were excited to launch this brand new hybrid office program for computer science or related majors. The program will kick off in summer 2024.
Choose one of our three offices— Chicago, New York City, or San Francisco—to work out of and participate in our direct mentorship program. 
This first year of this program requires you to work out of the office for three days a week—Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday—to collaborate with your team, early career Affirmers, and your engineering mentor. Youll experience the best of both worlds: the in-office experience and remote work. After the one-year, you can remain hybrid, go remote, or stay in an office.
Youll be paired with an engineering mentor who youll work alongside and meet with weekly.

Sample of Past Projects:

Developing and growing Affirms in-store product, including designing and implementing text-to-apply support with store-specific SMS codes. 
Building batch data pipelines to improve the resiliency and accuracy of Affirms loan origination processes with its originating bank. 
Conducting a major overhaul of Affirms cryptography platform, which is used to encrypt sensitive customer data and perform other cryptographic operations. Additionally, designing and implementing a public key infrastructure for mutually authenticated and encrypted communication between backend services.

What We Look For:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent trainingfellowshipwork experience
Experience with one of the following languages: Python, CC, Java, Kotlin, Javascript, reactJS andor similar languages
Familiarity with deployment and automated testing frameworks
Ability to collaborate with your team in a fast-paced environment
Passion and drive to change consumer banking for the better!



USA Pacific base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 121,000 - 175,500 
USA Sapphire base pay range (all other U.S. states): 108,900 - 157,900


Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
