Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Affirm is committed to building lasting partnerships with merchants for long term growth and ongoing revenue generation. As a CS Lead, you will work with our existing merchants to drive usage of the Affirm platform. The CS Lead position is a high-profile, customer-facing role requiring outstanding relationship management and program management skills to guide merchants successfully from deployment to operationalization.
This person will report to the Manager, Client Success.
What Youll Do

You will manage a portfolio of accounts across a variety of industries to foster long-term, strategic business relationships with our merchant partners 
You will deliver a proactive client management strategy to drive growth and retention
Will you analyze merchant performance and recommend programs to increase product adoption, promote marketing best practices, and optimize program strategies 
You will monitor customer health to track usage and overall customer satisfaction
You will collaborate cross-functionally across our Analytics, Credit, Technical, Marketing, and Product teams to improve the Affirm offering for our merchant

What We Look For

5 years of customer-facing experience; preferably in a high-tech environment
Excellent customer relationship management skills with the ability to manage strategic accounts   
Experience in managing cross-functional projects with a high attention to detail
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Excellent analytical abilities
Knowledge of marketing technologies, SaaS, and e-commerce preferred    

USA Pacific OTE (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 130,125 - 156,125USA Sapphire OTE (all other U.S. states): 117,125 - 140,500
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
