Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.The Consumer Web Engineering team is critical in bringing our exciting product vision to life. Our website provides many engagement opportunities for our customers and business partners. Like any other financial company, our first impression is critical in communicating trust and value to our customers and partners. The Consumer Web team enables many other engineering and product teams to realize their vision by supplying the platform, tooling, process, and expertise to bring their vision to life. We leverage modern languages, frameworks, and technology to achieve this goal.
What Youll Do

Partner closely with product and engineering stakeholders to design and build solutions that drive engagement and contribute to the companys bottom-line growth and engagement goals.
Architect highly scalable, high visibility features and functionality leveraged by millions of new and existing consumers.
Drive detailed project definition, design, cross-functional alignment, estimation, task breakdown, delivery, monitoring, and maintenance.
Serve as a technical resource and engineering mentor for other engineers inside and outside the immediate team.

What We Look For

Passion for learning new technical and business domains.
Product-centric thinking -- we care just as much about the product experience (ours, our stakeholders, and our companys) as we do the design of our engineering systems.
Prefers a pragmatic approach to delivering projects on time and safely, through well-scoped, phased deployments.
Focus on building positive relationships with cross-functional partners through collaborative problem-solving and translating requirements into solutions.
We value previous software engineering leadership responsibility, exposure, and experience.
You have technical expertise or familiarity with:

Python, Kotlin, TypeScript, Javascript, Go, ServerlessLambda
RPC, Pub-Sub, Protobuf, Micro Services, Airflow, AWS, Git




 

USA Pacific base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 162,400 - 243,500USA Sapphire base pay range (all other U.S. states): 146,100 - 219,200LI-Remote
 


Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
