Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.We are looking for a Staff Engineer to lead projects and initiatives on the Fraud Decisioning team. Youll be responsible for building tools and systems that empower Affirm fraud fighting capabilities, work with cross-functional teams to adopt and monitor those and use analytics and data driven decisions to further improve the performance and quality of fraud deciders. Our mission is to drive growth while protecting Affirm, buyers, and merchants. We achieve this by leveraging data to evaluate risk at critical points in the user journey, adapting to the ever-changing fraud landscape, and by introducing new fraud-fighting capabilities..
What Youll Do

Work across the org to plan and execute large, cross-functional initiatives, including: project definition, technical specification, task break-down, delivery, monitoring, and maintenance.
Generate simple and elegant designs that are easily deployed and debugged, but anticipate the unhappy path. Write high-quality code that can be easily understood and leveraged by others.
Review others work and provide constructive feedback in order to maintain high and consistent quality standards across teams.
Lead and mentor engineers to help them succeed and grow. Provide the right context to engineers and train them to take ownership of their respective pieces of the initiative. 
Effectively incorporate needs and opinions from stakeholders, advocate for ideas and initiatives, and create a common understanding where all voices are heard.
Conduct technical and soft skill evaluations to inform and influence the hiring decisions. Develop and review the technical content and requirements of the interview process.

What We Look For

6-10 years of experience as a software engineer with leadership responsibilities and experience mentoring junior engineers
Prior experience architecting, building, launching, coding and maintaining complex systems
Passion for working with cross-functional teams including Product, ML,Analytics and Business teams
A technical leader and team builder who can mentor the team in software development best practices
Expert at synthesizing complex business, product, and technical requirements to consistently produce high quality system designs and software
A system architect who can see the big picture and envision how business and product requirements can be broken up into system modules or components

LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
