Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Were looking for a Staff Researcher to lead strategic research within the Consumer Org. 
This role will take on complicated and fascinating spaces, leading the way to finding opportunities and crafting research that drives company-wide direction. 
In this role, you will put your stellar craft to use, understanding how to create clear and engaging research narratives that will keep users at the center of our business.
Most importantly, you will be working with a thoughtful team who values the perspectives of our customers and work together to ensure Affirm is centered around their goals. 
What Youll Do

Identify research opportunities proactively. 
Design foundational studies that address both user behavior and attitudes.
Generate insights that both fuel ideation and evaluate designs.
Conduct research using a wide variety of quantitative methods, and interpret analysis through the lens of UX, HCI, and social science.
Partner with product managers, engineers, analysts, and other technical roles to create and share research.
Work cross-functionally with design, product management, content strategy, engineering and marketing.
Adapt and lead research practices to meet team needs under the tight time frames of a rapidly growing company.
Synthesize and communicate research findings to inform business decisions and build even greater empathy for our customers.
Mentoring fellow researchers and product partners. 

 
What We Look For

5 years experience in applied product research.
Experience working with large scale data in multi-method studies
Experience with applied statistics
Experience with survey design and response effects
Ability to ask, as well as answer, meaningful and impactful questions.
Demonstrated ability to plan and conduct research in close collaboration with people in a variety of roles, including design, engineering, and product management.
MSPhD, human behavior related field (HCI, Psychology, Social Science, Information Science, etc.)
Experience coding, PHP, SQL and Python.
Understanding of qualitative and user-centered design methods.
Ability to clearly, concisely, and persuasively communicate your findings, verbally and in writing.
Familiarity with data visualization tools




USA Pacific base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 162,400 - 243,500
USA Sapphire base pay range (all other U.S. states): 146,100 - 219,200

Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

 
LI-Remote
 

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
