Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.We are looking for a Senior Engineer to write high-quality code that can be easily understood and leveraged by others in the Identity Engineering team. Provide technical leadership in a particular area and actively contribute to technical discussions, work on experiments to safely  securely identify consumers with low friction, with novel data and logic via data-driven and iterative approaches to increase user conversion rates. The mission of the Identity team is to enable and support the growth of Affirms consumer network and partner network along with our product suites, by providing seamless and delightful product experiences while managing reputational and compliance risks.
What Youll Do

Design and write high quality code to increase Identity users conversion rates.
Provide technical leadership in a particular area and actively contribute to technical discussions.
Work with and guide engineers on detailed project definition, design, technical specification, cross-functional alignment, task break-down, delivery, monitoring, and maintenance.
Build relationships and drive coordination across engineering, partner organizations, and other disciplines, helping get to positive outcomes.
Proactively communicate and coordinate teams requirements with other groups and teams in engineering.
Mentor less-experienced members of team by helping them with code review, setting up best coding practices , providing guidance, and setting a good example.

What We Look For

5 years of experience as a software engineer
Strong engineering experience building, launching, coding and maintaining complex systems
Experience with Python
Experience with cloud service providers such as AWS
Experience with data frameworks such as Spark, Kafka, Kubernetes and Airflow
Passion for working with cross-functional teams including Product, ML,Analytics and Business teams.
Excellent written and oral communication skills including the capability to drive requirements with product and engineering teams and to present technical concepts and results in an audience-appropriate way
Ability to work efficiently both solo and as part of a team; willingness to learn new things and mentor others

USA Pacific base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 162,400 - 243,500USA Sapphire base pay range (all other U.S. states): 146,100 - 219,200LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
