Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.The Content Design teams work is crucial to fulfilling that mission. Were looking for a mid-level content designer (content strategist, UX writer) who shares our passion to revolutionize credit — and have fun doing it — to join our small but mighty team.
The content designer in this role will work on high-priority projects as an embedded partner of a product team. Youll design and iterate on various aspects of the way people pay with Affirm, taking features from discovery all the way through AB testing. Youll own and shape the voice of our products, focusing both on longer-term strategy and more tactical day-to-day writing. And youll join forces with five other content designers who share feedback, insights, and camaraderie as we build out the content design practice at Affirm.
To achieve success in this role, you excel at collaborating with cross-functional partners. You ask insightful questions that uncover gaps and propel teams forward. You move easily between big-picture thinking and fine tuning details. Youre great at communicating, explaining your reasoning, and advocating for the user. And, of course, youre an excellent writer!
What Youll Do

Work cross-functionally with PMs, designers, researchers, and engineers at all stages of the product development process — from ideas to optimizations.
Contribute your expertise to product strategy and vision (not just how it should look, but what should we build?).
Develop first principles at the org, team, and project levels. Help create artifacts to scale our teams reach beyond our embedded teams.
Shape product experiences through information architecture, content hierarchy, usability principles, accessibility, and other best practices.
Work closely with stellar legal and compliance partners to finetune language where needed.
Write human UX content that is clear, consistent, concise, and engaging.
Create and collaborate on user flows, communications (like texts and emails), test prototypes, research questions, and more.
Bring your keen sense of usability to participate in design sprints for new products, helping define flows and features.
Advance brand voice across our products.

What We Look For

2 years of UX writing experience, both for web and native products.
A BA or BS in a related field (English, journalism, communications, human factors), or equivalent experience.
A demonstrated portfolio of your work showing strategic thinking and successful shipping of in-appweb consumer experiences in a fast-paced environment. (Required)
Experience and interest in financial services is a plus.
You are deeply fluent in all-around writing skills — youre a language nerd who lives and breathes UX writing.
You think strategically — youre interested in working on complex systems and frame your work around business objectives.
You work independently with confidence and authority — and with minimal oversight.
You love to collaborate and advocate for the user and for content design.
Youre creative — youre a great storyteller with the ability to persuade.
You value and enjoy doing user research.
You advocate for a content-first approach to design!



Location - Remote Canada

LI-Remote

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
