Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Affirms Commercial Legal (Revenue) team is instrumental in building, scaling, and supporting the framework for global commercial transactions and GTM efforts. We focus on structuring, drafting, and negotiating commercial and strategic partnerships involving a diverse range of financial and technology products and services while navigating a complex set of regulations and cross-functional issues. In this role, you will wear many hats and take on new and exciting challenges. Come join us in our mission to change consumer finance through better technology, lower costs and increased transparency while providing the best customer experience. 
What Youll Do

Maintain and record data in CLM for all contracts and manage contract intake, workflows, archiving, and reporting 
Assist with cross functional initiatives related to locating contracts, data field review and analysis, Salesforce syncing, and audits
Serve as POC for queries related to CLM-hosted data, workflows, technical issues, updates, and any other CLM- or contract-related administrative questions
Draft, review and negotiate NDAs, terminations, assignment letters, and amendments to existing agreements
Perform document review and proofing (section reference checks, definition checks, formatting checks)
Oversee knowledge management (FAQs, commercial legal hub, internalexternal documents, process documents) and maintain and update templates.
Identify and help implement process improvements
Assist with special projects as needed, with the ability to work in an ever-changing environment
Provide general administrative and project management support to the Commercial Legal team, while interacting cross-functionally with other departments 

Who We Look For

At least 3 years of relevant experience, in a fast-paced, high volume, tech-forward in-house role is preferred
In depth experience with Ironclad (including administration, workflow design and maintenance, and report creation)
Excellent project management skills, with the ability to work independently, prioritize and meet tight deadlines
Outstanding organizational and time management skills
Extreme attention to detail, ability to adjust on the fly, problem-solving skills, proactivity and a great attitude
Excellent writing, communication and interpersonal skills
Has a sense of urgency on all matters
Highly responsive, proactive, accountable, growth mindset and service-oriented attitude in a fast-paced environment
A team player mindset (no job is too big or too small)
Humility, integrity and a desire to be part of a strong, supportive team; you take your work seriously but not yourself




USA Pacific base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 105,600 - 147,800
USA Sapphire base pay range (all other U.S. states): 95,000 - 133,100
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.


LI-Remote
 

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
