Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest. Affirm, Inc. proudly includes Affirm, and PayBright, and Returnly.
What Youll Do

You will report to VP, Assistant Controller, to create scale and efficiency in managing the accounting close process with a proactive approach by addressing issues at their root cause.
You will manage the month-end close and disclosure and reporting requirements for loan accounting, CECL, capital markets transactions, merchant revenue and strategic partnerships.
You will manage the financial platform team who partners with Product and Engineering teams to create accounting and reporting requirements and solutions to automate financial data for new products and offerings.  
You will partner with other accounting  finance teams, including Internal Controls, Tax, Technical accounting, Financial systems, Merchant Pricing, FPA and Capital Markets to incorporate core business transactions into the accounting close process and ensure that transactions are properly recorded and also managed in a scalable and efficient manner.
You will drive for process improvement and data enablement to support the team to complete close, reconciliation and financial reporting in a timely and accurate manner.
Assist in ensuring that the financial control environment is strong and sustainable, and supportive of our business growth.
Develop diverse talent to promote team retention to meet current and future business needs; career development opportunities for team.
Champion learning and development opportunities to facilitate engagement and professional development at right levels.

What We Look For

Experience in public accounting at manager or senior manager level, preferably Big 4 accounting firms.
10 to 14 years experience in accounting andor finance, including recent experience as a director rapidly growing technology company.
Experience in process automation, data and reporting automation required.
You have technical accounting and financial reporting experience in loan accounting (ASC 310: Receivables, ASC 326: Financial Instruments: Credit Losses and ASC 860 Transfer and Servicing) and revenue accounting (ASC 606: Revenue Recognition), and Sarbanes-Oxley requirements.
You have an orientation toward process and attention to detail, strong analytical and quantitative skills.
Demonstrated  ability to build relationships with key business leaders and external auditors.
Exceptional organizational, verbal and written communication skills.
Experience as a skilled, thoughtful manager with an interest in mentoring and developing the members of their team.
Trust in and commitment to Affirms vision, mission and values. 

LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
