Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Our mission to deliver honest financial products that improve lives extends beyond borders. Consumers across the globe need safe, transparent financing. Our retail partners and merchants need Affirm to be there for them, wherever that might be. To help achieve this vision, we are expanding our product lines and becoming a global company.
Our Merchant Self-Service Growth team is responsible for making it frictionless for merchants to onboard and succeed in using the wide range of products (Pay in 4, Longer term 0 APR loans, Interest Bearing loans) that Affirm offers in order to attract new customers, increase average order size, and drive conversion. 
As our Staff Product Manager, you will work closely with cross-functional teams including commercial, merchant risk, design, product analytics, and engineering to define end-to-end solutions that will help us acquire and onboard merchant partners especially through our own and operated affirm.combusiness. In this role, you will work closely with a broad set of cross functional teams across the entire business, as well as a number of engineering teams. Effective stakeholder management and ability to successfully navigate organizational dynamics are a must for success. You should be outcomes driven with a very high bias for action. 
 
What Youll Do


Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify merchant pain points and opportunities for growth.


Develop AB testing programs to optimize our flagship B2B landing page. 


Launch and optimize lifecycle email programs, incentives strategies, and education initiatives to improve lead to activation.


Define and prioritize product features and requirements to improve merchant acquisition and onboarding workflows.


Create and manage the product roadmap for merchant growth initiatives.


Develop success metricsOKRs to measure the effectiveness of merchant growth initiatives.


Work with design and engineering teams to develop and launch new products and features.


Partner with commercial and product marketing teams to develop go-to-market strategies for new products and features. 


Monitor industry trends and competitive landscape to identify opportunities for innovation and growth. 


Build relationships with platform partners (e.g. BigCommerce, WooCommerce, Wix) to gather feedback and insights on product performance and leverage it to drive merchant growth. 


 
What We Look For


This isnt your first rodeo. Youve directly managed multiple technical software products from kick-off to post-launch  driving meaningful business impact that you can speak to

You have prior experience managing a small team of Product Managers

Youve a GM mindset and are comfortable working with multiple stakeholders to drive GMV and new merchant growth. 


Youre equally comfortable diving into technical details with an engineer, iterating on a Figma with a designer, and breaking down a funnel with a data analyst.


You have the discipline, organizational skills, and interpersonal communication skills necessary to navigate complex organizational dynamics  you have specific examples of times when youve secured a decision from a broad group of senior stakeholders.


Youre the kind of person who cares about getting things done. You have a bias towards action and can effectively navigate obstacles and blockers.


You can turn incomplete, conflicting, or ambiguous inputs into a solid action plan.


You have direct experience shipping high-quality products on time.


Familiarity with SQL and Excel for product analysis


You feel comfortable jumping into the commercial aspects of product development  youre able to pitch, contribute to negotiations, and give feedback on contracts


Bonus points: experience in Fintech, Lending, eCommerce, or BNPL


LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
