Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest. 
Affirms vision is to deliver honest financial products that improve lives. In the US, Affirm now covers half of all ecommerce volume and has access to nearly all buyers. Our mission, as part of the Merchant, Partner and Platform Engineering (MPPE) team, is to grow Affirms revenue by helping Merchants and Partners acquire and retain valued customers with industry leading, innovative Buy Now Pay Later POS checkout experiences. Weve opened an office in Poland with a goal to hire a substantial team of talented engineers within the first year. Read more about our plans here. We are just getting started. Come be a part of a team shaping the future!
The Merchant Servicing teams mission is to guide Merchants throughout their journey at Affirm. The team  builds technology solutions that empowers merchants of all sizes to efficiently sign, onboard, launch, and deepen their integration with Affirm.
We are looking for a highly motivated Staff Software Engineer to join us and help fulfill our vision. The work will be challenging due to the speed at which the market is growing, and the work involved will directly impact the growth trajectory of the merchant network. We are only just getting started! Come join us as we build a beloved, lasting financial services brand predicated on honesty and trust. Its going to be an amazing ride!
What Youll Do

Work with product and engineering managers to identify and plan projects based on the team goals and resources.
Drive detailed project definition, design, cross-functional alignment, estimation, in addition to task break-down, delivery, monitoring, and maintenance.
Consistently generate simple and elegant designs, and write high-quality code that can be easily understood and leveraged by others.
Build relationships with people across engineering and other organizations for the design, implementation, roll-out and maintenance of projects.
Actively participate in making their team and workplace an inclusive environment for people from all backgrounds.

What We Look For

8-10 years of experience as a software engineer with 3 years of technical leadership responsibilities and experience mentoring junior engineers.
A Self driven and motivated engineer who takes pride and ownership in navigating through ambiguities and solving complex technicalorganizational problems.
Expert in designing and building distributed systems and applications, real-time, scalable web services, REST APIs, developer portals. 
Proficiency in Python or KotlinJava is a must. Proficiency in object-oriented and dynamically typed languages. 
Proficiency in Unit test and IntegrationTest frameworks.
Passion for working with cross-functional teams including Product, Design, Analytics and Business teams.
A humble team-player who places the needs of others first and participates in the development of peers on the team.


Compensation  Benefits
We offer a competitive package, with some highlights listed below.  However, the given figures are not guaranteed compensation ranges; rather, they are unbinding, approximate indications of what the salary may be for your awareness. The actual salary may be less than the lower range or greater than the upper range, depending on skills and experience. No employee is guaranteed salary at the amount of the lower range.

Targeted Gross Monthly Salary: 25,792 - 32,233 PLN
Type of employment: Contract of Employment
Flexible Spending Wallets for tech, food and lifestyle
Generous time off policies 
Away Days - wellness days to take off work and recharge
Learning  Development programs
Parental leave
Robust health benefits
Employee Resource  Community Groups
This role is eligible for creative tax benefits, subject to applicable law and company policy



Location - Remote Poland
The majority of our roles can be located anywhere in Poland.This job description is not a contractual document, and is not intended to have binding force.

LI-Remote
 


Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
