Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Our legal team is looking to add a Senior Counsel, Capital Markets to its growing ranks. This lawyer will help support broad-based efforts to build a diversified capitalization strategy. One should have a robust understanding of financing and corporate transactions, along with a desire to learn and grow in a legal role focused on capital markets and finance. In addition, this lawyer should have outstanding organizational and interpersonal skills, be capable of prioritizing responsibilities, and have the desire to work with internal and external customers. This attorney will report to a Managing Counsel and work closely with Affirms capital markets business team.What Youll Do

Support the capital markets team in building out the companys network of capital sources and strategies
Support the bank partnerships team in building out the companys network of partner banks
Guide each financing transaction or initiative from a legal perspective, from strategy discussions to deal execution
Draft, review and negotiate all capital markets deal documents, including credit and security agreements, loan sale agreements, indentures, officer certificates, board and shareholder resolutions, and side letters
Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of lending and securities laws and regulations relating to capital markets transactions
Communicate legal advice in a clear, concise, and timely manner
Provide assistance with respect to other special projects

 
What We Look For

5 years of relevant law-firm experience, and wed prefer some additional in-house experience (particularly if its from a high-growth fintech start-up)
JD degree from a well regarded law school and membership (in good standing) in a US state bar
Previous legal experience in structured andor debt finance--term, revolving, and asset-based lending; warehouse and asset-backed financing; loan sales; securitizations; and creative forms of funding
Excellent business judgment and interpersonal skills, to facilitate negotiations with external and internal customers
Strong interpersonal and problem-solving skills, meticulous attention to detail, maturity, an eye for business, proactivity, and an excellent attitude
Self-motivation and a willingness to take ownership of projects
Natural self-starter, with the ability to work efficiently (both solo and as part of a team)
Outstanding integrity and work ethic

USA Pacific base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 190,000 - 284,900USA Sapphire base pay range (all other U.S. states): 171,000 - 256,500Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
