Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Were looking for a dynamic Senior Account Executive who will identify and drive new opportunities to build out our rapidly-growing merchant business. You will operate on the front-lines and be closely engaged with the market - developing and expanding relationships with business influencers and decision-makers. You will engage with partners across the spectrum from more established players to new, high-growth brands, creating customer value and forging new commercial partnerships in an efficient timeframe.
Youre a resourceful leader who thrives in a challenging, fast-paced environment. Your role will have a direct impact on top-priority, company-wide goals and will provide accelerated learning opportunities with a world-class team.
What youll do

Identify and target new Retail industry business opportunities.
Develop and execute strategic sales plans, exceeding revenue targets.
Utilize industry knowledge and trends to position our products and services effectively.
Collaborate with clients to understand evolving needs and challenges.
Customize solutions to address client-specific challenges and goals.
Present proposals and conduct product demonstrations effectively.
Build and maintain a robust sales pipeline, accurately forecasting revenue.
Document all client interactions and activities in the CRM system.
Stay informed about industry trends, competitor activities, and emerging technologies.
Analyze market data to identify product and service improvement opportunities.
Collaborate with internal teams for a seamless client experience.
Share insights and feedback from the field to shape company offerings.

What we look for

Bachelors degree in Business, Marketing, or a related field (MBA preferred).
Proven sales success in B2B Retail industry sales (6 years), Enterprise Sales experience preferred
Ability to meet and exceed sales targets
Excellent communication, negotiation, and presentation skills.
Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities.
Deep understanding of Retail industry challenges and trends.
Proficiency in CRM software (Salesforce)
Willingness to consistently travel for client meetings

USA Sapphire OTE (all other U.S. states): 300,400 - 360,400       
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
