Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Product Design at Affirm drives business success by exceeding users expectations. We are guided by core experience principles:

Anything, Everywhere: We quickly and reliably enable our customers to transact, anywhere they need it.  We empower them to shop and pay how and when they want.
Intelligently Anticipate: We simplify customers decision-making by showing them where to go.
Refreshingly Honest: We build trust and always do the right thing. Its on us to deliver honesty and simplicity in our experiences. 
Brief, Personal, and Brilliant: Our customers experience gets better as they use Affirm, and we can provide exceptional value. 
Reaffirm: Recognize, celebrate, and create joy so that customers consistently choose Affirm again and again.

We are a collaborative, remote-first team that is driven, highly skilled, and humble. We are looking for an experience Senior Product Designer to join on our team at a critical juncture to help define, build upon, and evangelize the Affirms Design System.
The Design Systems team is a small group of systems thinkers  connectors focused on the cohesive strategy of building, scaling, maturing, and improving our Design System. As Affirm scales, the Design System is an integral piece of ensuring a premium, elegant, consistent, trustworthy, delightful experience for our users. 
What Youll Do

Be the visual architect of Affirms Design System. Lead the refinement of the visual language of the Affirm Design System. Design scalable systems and frameworks with a focus on clarity, performance and high craft and visual luster.
Deeply understand the user experience and clearly communicate and document consistencies and help remove discrepancies in the experience across platforms.
Help create detailed documentation for the Affirm Design System to outline guidelines and standards
Collaborate across functions including: Engineering, Design, Content Design, Product, Product Marketing, and Compliance  Legal when appropriate
Be an expert on our Design System and engage with teams across Affirm to educate, inform, and answer questions
Help to enable Designers, Engineers,  Product folks work more efficiently
Analyze the internal (efficiency)  external (user impact) of design system components  features

What We Look For

Exceptional  visual design  information architecture skills with a balanced understanding of just right design  timeliness
Experience successfully designing and building scalable design systems
Technical understanding of how to build and architect design systems
Comfort in ambiguity: you are able to self-direct, prioritize, and clearly communicate with stakeholders in shifting environments
Reliability: you communicate clearly and follows through
Humility: you recognize the efforts  importance of all contributors to the Design System

Nice to Haves

Experience with consumer finance, mobile apps andor payments
Experience with motion  animation

USA Pacific base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 162,400 - 243,500USA Sapphire base pay range (all other U.S. states): 146,100 - 219,200
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.
LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
