Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest. Our mission is to deliver honest financial products that improve lives globally.The Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) team at Affirm is a specialized engineering team primarily focused on improving reliability across Affirms products, doing so while balancing the needs for feature velocity and resource efficiency. Were looking for a manager for the Spain SRE sub-team.
What youll do

Build and manage the Spain SRE team, including team recruitment, new talent training, system operationmaintenancecoordination and team culture building.
Improve the cross-teamtime zoneregional cooperation mechanism, and provide SRE solutions in line with actual business scenarios based on business orientation.
Lead projects on the global SRE team, including incident detection, mitigation, process automation, data analytics, etc
Manage on-call processes to respond to performance and reliability issues, and establish best practices for coordinating escalation to resolve issues and minimize

What we look for

Bachelor degree or above in Computer Science or a related technical discipline and good English communication skills.
Operational experience running a 24x7 production infrastructure at scale
Familiar with SRE-related processes, understand the development trend of SRE technology in the industry, and have a good ability to build an SRE system
2 years of experience in collaborating with distributed teams in distant time zones.
2 years of engineering management experience
Familiar with Amazon Web Services



We offer a competitive package, with some highlights listed below: 

Flexible Spending Wallets for tech, food and lifestyle
Generous time off policies 
Away Days - wellness days to take off work and recharge
Learning  Development programs
Parental leave
Robust health benefits
Employee Resource  Community Groups

We are able to offer visa sponsorship for this role, but do require that someone is based in Spain for the role. 
Location - Remote Spain
LI-Remote

 

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
