Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Were looking for a hard-working, driven data analyst to join our Revenue Analytics team. Revenue Analytics serves as the analytics backbone of the Revenue organization at Affirm. We follow a data-driven approach that combines elements of both strategy and analytics to drive decisions around both GTM strategy and revenue management with the goal of simultaneously scaling and strengthening Affirms commercial offerings.
As a Senior Analyst on the Revenue Analytics team, you will build robust data products that enable Affirms sales teams, revenue leadership, and other revenue analysts. Your work will shape the direction of revenue strategy and provide teams with a better understanding of the health of our business. Your work will include building end-to-end data solutions spanning problem formation, ingestion, data modeling, metric definition, dashboard development, analysis, and enablement. The ideal candidate will have deep technical and analytical problem solving skills and be comfortable working closely with Revenue and Data Engineering teams to develop reporting infrastructure and perform analysis.
What Youll Do:

Develop use cases for data sources, dashboards, metrics and automation processes for salesclient success, revenue leadership, and other revenue analysts
Identify growth opportunities and drive strategy for existing portfolio of merchant accounts through data analysis and insights
Collaborate with Business Systems and Data Engineering teams to define data infrastructure specific to Revenue, maintain a solid understanding of our evolving data warehouse, and build data models in dbt and Looker
Work with enablement teams to develop data products (self-serve dashboards, BI tools, reports), scale usage, and shape training content to improve adoption
Develop processes and foundations to scale the impact of analytics within Revenue

What We Look For:

3 years work experience in a business intelligence or a data analyst role
Strong working knowledge of SQL, Python, data modeling, and data visualization 
A passion for finding insights in data and motivating change based on those insights
Hands-on experience with BI tools (LookerTableau), Databricks, and cloud data warehouselake technologies (Snowflake, s3). Experience with dbt preferred
Familiarity with Salesforce and supporting revenue generating areas of the business
Ability to identify user needs and translate them into robust, scalable data products
Ability to start with an ambiguous problem, deconstruct it into tangible steps, and work towards an impactful solution
Ability to communicate findings and recommendations clearly to both technical and non-technical audiences
Experience working with multi-functional teams and collaborating with business engineering partners in data management and analytics initiatives

If you got to this point, we hope youre feeling excited about the job description you just read! Even if you dont feel that you meet every single requirement, we still encourage you to apply! Were eager to meet people that believe in Affirms mission and can contribute to our team in a variety of ways - not just candidates who check all the boxes.
Compensation  Benefits
We offer a competitive package, with some highlights listed below.  However, the given figures are not guaranteed compensation ranges; rather, they are unbinding, approximate indications of what the salary may be for your awareness. The actual salary may be less than the lower range or greater than the upper range, depending on skills and experience. No employee is guaranteed salary at the amount of the lower range.

Targeted Gross Monthly Salary: 18,842 - 23,550 PLN
Type of employment: Contract of Employment
Flexible Spending Wallets for tech, food and lifestyle
Generous time off policies 
Away Days - wellness days to take off work and recharge
Learning  Development programs
Parental leave
Robust health benefits
Employee Resource  Community Groups



Location - Remote Poland
The majority of our roles can be located anywhere in Poland.This job description is not a contractual document, and is not intended to have binding force.

LI-Remote

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
