Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.The Payments Engineering team is responsible for building the systems which power financial transactions at Affirm, from our consumer scale lending products to enterprise money movements. We are looking for a highly motivated Senior Software Engineer to help define and drive the Payments Instruments team as a part of Affirms Payments platform. You will work to integrate industry leading payment processors and banking partners, abstracting the complexity into scalable and fault tolerant services to other Affirm engineering teams.  
What Youll Do

Develop a deep understanding of the payments industry.
Manage a team focused on a particular area, providing technical leadership for the team, while having a detailed understanding of our business, company goals, roadmap and resource plans.
Drive planning and prioritization of projects based on product, technical, and business goals by demonstrating relevant resources and data.
Collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams, product managers, designers and analysts to deliver high quality consumer experience.
Coach and mentor employees to increase their impact through regular performance development and feedback conversations.
Foster a respectful and supportive environment for all team members that effectively maximizes the diversity of the team.
Partner with Product managers on building beautiful internal APIs to enable payments across our products.

 
What We Look For

4-6 years of experience as a software engineer 
Eager to learn new things and have a growth mindset.
Experience with Payments systems and vendors.
Fluency in back end development.
Familiarity with Python, AWS, and Kubernetes is a plus.
Prior experience architecting, building, launching and maintaining consumer scale products.
Strong cross-team communication and collaboration skills.
Experienced at synthesizing complex business, product, and technical requirements to consistently produce high quality system designs and software.
Humble and authentic leadership which places the needs of others first and helps people develop and perform as highly as possible.
Experience scaling systems in a service oriented architecture preferred but not required.
Humility and self-awareness to understand and navigate the unknown.

Location - Remote U.S.
USA Pacific base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 162,400 - 243,500USA Sapphire base pay range (all other U.S. states): 146,100 - 219,200
LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
