Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Enterprise Growth and Engagement team is the frontdoor of all Merchant integrations at Affirm. The goal of the team is to build the underlying technology that simplifies integration with Affirm and expand our product features to Enterprise Merchants. The Staff Software Engineer in this role will be responsible for building APIs for the Merchant Integrations Platform and optimizing the conversion process for Enterprise merchants. 
We are looking for a highly motivated full stack Staff Software engineer to join us and build a beloved, lasting financial services brand predicated on honesty and trust. The work will be challenging due to the speed at which the market is growing, and the work involved will directly impact the growth trajectory of the merchant network. Its going to be an amazing ride!
What Youll Do

Work with product and engineering managers to identify and plan projects based on the team goals and resources.
Drive detailed project definition, design, cross-functional alignment, estimation, in addition to task break-down, delivery, monitoring, and maintenance.
Consistently generate simple and elegant designs, and write high-quality code that can be easily understood and leveraged by others.
Build APIs and data models to work within a service oriented architecture
Build relationships with people across engineering and other organizations for the design, implementation, roll-out and maintenance of projects.
Actively participate in making their team and workplace an inclusive environment for people from all backgrounds.

What We Look For

7  years of experience as a software engineer. Experience working as a technology leader is a bonus.
Strong coding experience with Python, Kotlin or Java with some experience in front end technologies like React, NodeJs, HTML5 and CSS.
Self driven and motivated engineer who takes pride and ownership in navigating through ambiguities and solving complex technicalorganizational problems.
Expert in designing and building distributed systems and applications, and scalable web services.
Proficiency in Unit test and IntegrationTest frameworks.
Passion for working with cross-functional teams including Product, Design, Analytics and Business teams.
A humble team-player who places the needs of others first and participates in the development of peers on the team.

USA Pacific base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 190,000 - 284,900
USA Sapphire base pay range (all other U.S. states): 171,000 - 256,500
LI-Remote
 
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
