Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest. Affirm, Inc. proudly includes Affirm, PayBright, and Returnly.
Were looking for intelligent, driven professionals to join our Merchant Pricing team. Merchant Pricing is a function within the broader Finance organization and is responsible for enabling efficient value exchange between merchants and consumers through innovative and strategic pricing solutions and building standard methodologies.
In this role, you will help Affirm scale up its merchant base and achieve profitability targets while managing risk and will collaborate with Commercial, Product, Engineering, Finance, Capital Markets, and internal risk teams. The ideal candidate will have strong analytical and problem-solving skills, as well as interpersonal skills to work cross-functionally and drive forward recommendations.
What Youll Do


Draw insights from data and design and test new pricing and credit strategies for our top clients. 


Manage the profitability of the portfolio and be the owner of your vertical


Drive execution by launching and leading cross-functional initiatives and projects


Identify opportunities to improve current process and infrastructure


Work with various cross-functional teams to assess, define, optimize and scale pricing opportunities for different markets


Assist in new product formation and new markets exploration


Conduct ad-hoc data analyses


Manage external reporting and present to investors and stakeholders


What We Look For


3 years of experience in an analytically-driven strategy role (credit, risk, management consulting, finance, analytics, etc.)


A proactive leader that can seek out new opportunities, drive projects, navigate ambiguity and develop creative solutions with minimal guidance 


Ability to collaborate and influence across different teams in the organization


Experience with SQL, Python, or other scripting languages


Enough laziness to find a faster way to do your least favorite tasks


Intelligence  Humility. Hubris is the fastest way to blow up a bank!


Grit. Lots of grit. Youll wear 7 hats and not love all of them


USA Pacific base pay range (CA, WA, NY, NJ, CT): 138,800 - 208,200USA Sapphire base pay range (all other U.S. states): 124,900 - 187,300
LI-Remote
Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.
We have a simple and transparent remote-first grade-based compensation structure. Offer amounts within the range are based on a number of factors including but not limited to job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Across the broader organization, certain roles are eligible for equity awards upon hire, promotion, tenure milestones and for performance.
Were extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include: 

Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses
Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge
ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount

We believe Its On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.


By clicking Submit Application, you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
