Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community you will join:
Founded in August of 2008 and based in San Francisco, California, Airbnb is a trusted community marketplace for people to list, discover, and book unique travel experiences around the world. Whether an apartment for a night, a castle for a week or a villa for a month, Airbnb allows people to Belong Anywhere through unique travel experiences at any price point, in more than 85,000 cities and over 191 countries. We promote a culture of curiosity, humanity, and creativity through our product, brand, and, most importantly, our people.
The Difference you will make:
We are looking for an enthusiastic, dedicated Claims Regional Operations Manager who will be able to lead our regional teams and drive performance in furtherance of our functional goals and priorities. The Regional Operations Manager is responsible for managing service performance, operations and strategy execution within a region, in line with the strategy developed by the Global Claims Service Manager, while driving continuous improvement towards service outcomes.
A Typical Day:

Directly manage leads in their service tier while providing regular, actionable, and goal- oriented performance feedback to achieve desired claims service outcomes in the region. Note: this may require the report management of team leads based in satellite offices.
Clearly communicate direction and goals while providing regular coaching for performance and career growth.
Provide leadership and guidance to teams that are responsible for complex tasks. 
Support and hold teams accountable for the effective handling of escalated andor complex investigations required for urgent or sensitive claims issues. 
Represent Claims Operations for their region by speaking directly or in-person with user(s) who have experienced an urgent or high-value claim or other insurance related issue, in partnership with Trust Risk Management (TRM) and the Global Claims Strategy Team.
Represent Claims Operations and act as a decision maker when a cross-functional working group is convened by TRM in response to an active claims case. 
Work with CS Workforce Management and Business Analytics teams to ensure capacity plans are designed to meet desired service outcomes across internal and partner teams andor in consideration of local marketbusiness needs.
Communicate claims service performance across internal and partner teams to regional stakeholders, in partnership with CS Leadership, Service Managers, andor Global Engagement Managers for their region.
Review, synthesize, and present findings from technical or complex data analysis related to functional claims or property security trends specific to region or market.
In partnership with CS Shared Services and Claims Service Manager, manage delivery and execution of initiatives to drive continuous claims service improvement within their region.

Your Expertise:

Bachelors degree or equivalent; Masters degree or certifications in any of the following preferred fields is a plus: statistics, actuarial science, business administration, economics or finance related fields, operations management, insurance and risk management
At least 10 years of experience in an operations-related role
At least 4 years of experience in a claims or insurance-related role, with a minimum of 2 years in a senior level role managing team leads and front-line staff, with immediate experience in: 

Dispute resolution in an ecommerce, claims, or insurance related field
Experience in the deployment of resources to manage real-time crisis situations
Experience setting operational or functional targets or performance goals

Experience leading cross-functional or cross-regional collaborative teams, with immediate experience in any of the following: 

Identifying and actioning performance trends for continuous improvement
Interfacing with training, business process improvement, or quality assurance teams

Experience working with policy, legal, public relations, or similar teams, with related experience in:

Budgeting, accounting, and forecast analysis related to financial accruals, reserves, etc. 
Insurance risk management, claims management, or other dispute resolution experience

Desired, certifications in any of the following or their local equivalents: 

Certified Insurance Service Representative (CISR)
Chartered Property Casualty Underwriter (CPCU) designation
Certified Risk Manager (CRM)
Associate in Personal Insurance (API)
Certified Professional Public Adjuster (CPPA)


Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
 