Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
We are building a new set of tools to make it easier for people to connect and host on Airbnb. Our team focuses specifically on Co-hosting and ways to make it easier for people to host together as a team. 
As part of the team and in collaboration with engineering teams based in San Francisco, you will focus on elevating this project from regional to global.
What kind of Software Engineer are we looking for?
As a Hosting Services Staff Engineer, youll lead the development and refinement of major subsystems powering the Co-hosting systems.  This includes developing new and refined product features, supporting day-to-day operations, identifying patterns and building systems and patterns to streamline development and increase quality over time, performing and presenting technical  product deep dives to relevant stakeholders, and strategic planning.
At the staff full-stack level, our engineers are responsible for establishing a technical vision and then delivering a solution that is flexible, always available, efficient, and scales with the needs of the business. Each individual brings their own unique skill set, experiences, thought leadership and technical expertise to solve these technical challenges for Airbnb. 
The Difference You Will Make:

Design the future state of our technical systems by combining a strategic understanding of our highest level product goals with a deep understanding of our existing systems to inform the right technical and product tradeoffs for both short and long term
Lead engineers—both inside and outside your immediate team—in building out these technical solutions
Participate in the development of product and UX requirements by engaging early and often with designers, product managers and other stakeholders to help steer teams on the most efficient path towards overall goals
Nurture a culture of technical quality from design, through code review, to production operations
Mentor other engineers in developing their technical and collaboration skills
Identify and propose solutions to problems coming in the way of technical and product engineering excellence
Collaborate with product, engineering, data science, data engineering, UX and numerous platform teams within Airbnb

Your Expertise:

9 years of relevant software development industry experience in a fast-paced tech environment
Expertise with backend systems in large-scale service-oriented architectures
Good judgment in making tradeoffs to balance short-term business needs with long-term technical quality
Strong understanding of how deep backend systems are expressed in the UX shown to customers
End-to-end mentality that transcends team boundaries and helps find globally optimal solutions
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a team and with teams across the engineering organization
Passionate about efficiency, availability, system quality and user experience

Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.