Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
Airbnb is a mission-driven company dedicated to helping create a world where anyone can belong anywhere. It takes a unified team committed to our core values to achieve this goal. Airbnbs various functions embody the companys innovative spirit and our fast-moving team is committed to leading as a 21st century company.
The Networking team within Airbnbs Cloud Infrastructure org owns the entire Airbnb production network infrastructure. The group is responsible for designing, building and operating the  software and solutions that connect all Airbnb users and services, such as traffic proxy and load balancer, service mesh, VPCbackbone and cross-region connectivity, network monitoring and security systems. With users around the world, reliability, scalability, efficiency and high availability are our teams core concerns. 
The Difference You Will Make:
As a member of the network infra team, you will be working with talented engineers on cutting edge technologies of cloud native network stack from Layer3 - Layer7. You will contribute to the key infrastructure components that connect all Airbnb users and services across the globe. You will have the chance to define and influence large infrastructure initiatives such as global traffic load balancing and disaster recovery, next-gen service mesh, cross-region gateways and edge security etc. 
Airbnb is a member of the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) end user community, and we work closely with the open source community (e.g. k8s, istio)  and peer companies to tackle cloud native engineering challenges at scale. You will also have the chance to make an impact on the industry and open source communities.   
A Typical Day: 

Work with open source communities (e.g. istio) to build the next generation service mesh for all Airbnb back-end services; 
Build the cross-region gateways and load balancers for global Airbnb services; 
Work with external partners and internal engineering and security teams to deliver edge security systems that protect Airbnb services; 
Design the multi-region network architecture on public clouds, and build software and operation tools to manage Airbnbs production network; 
Work with product and engineering teams to optimize the network performance for Airbnb services;

Your Expertise:

9 years of relevant software development industry experience in a fast paced, high growth tech environment.
Deep understanding of cloud native networking and distributed system concepts.
Expertise with virtual network architecture on public cloud providers (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure) and their network service offerings (e.g., VPC, Security Group, PrivateLink and related products).
Experience running large scale networking systems and software (e.g. Edge proxies, DNS, CDN, network gateways), experience working with istio, Envoy is a plus.
You are a full-cycle developer: strong ownership and experience building and operating  high-scale, distributed systems across the full software life cycle. 
You have excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a team and with teams across the engineering teams.
You are a strong problem solver and have led a team that is on-call for production infrastructure before.
You are passionate about efficiency, availability, technical quality and system quality.

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application,, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range200,000—254,000 USD