Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
Were looking for an experienced Talent Enablement Partner (HR Business Partner) to partner with our Functional Leaders in India. The Talent Enablement Partner will also play a dual role in leading and managing strategic talent programsinitiatives relevant to local needs while staying true to the applicable mandate. The ideal candidate will have experience as a talent partner across multiple HR disciplines, program management, and designingdelivering world-class talent programs to meet business objectives. 
The Difference You Will Make:
The successful candidate thrives in a fast-paced and challenging environment and is passionate about partnering with business leaders to deliver impactful talent solutions. The Talent Enablement Partner will be skilled in elevating and maturing how talent offers value to the business by taking a strategic lens on how we provide value to the organization. This may include driving business transformations, designing HR programspractices, influencing and mentoring others, and building solid relationships with leaders and employees. We need an HR thought leader who can balance the need to be a strategic, data-driven business partner and a roll up your sleeves attitude. Experience in a high-growth organization and tech firm is a plus, as is a leadership role in a multinational organization. 
    The position reports to the Talent Leader for APAC  India. 
    A Typical Day:

Partner with India Functional Leaders to provide thought leadership regarding organizational and people strategy and execution aligned with business strategies. 
Be a trusted advisor to our business leaders on matters pertaining to business growth and organization culture. Effectively Manage Stakeholders based in India and other global locations.  Communicate effectively to influence and deliver high impact. 
Take risks to creatively solve business challenges in employee engagement, talent design, workforce planning, cultural change, organizational design, and change management. 
Effectively navigate through ambiguous situations and manage trade-offs between short term long-term strategic plans. 
Identify ways the talent organization can support the business in achieving its objectives by identifying, developing, and implementing strategic programs. 
Have a data-driven mindset to assess organizational metrics and provide insights to leaders to drive business outcomes 
Partner with leaders to build high-performing leadership teams and coach people managers to enhance their leadership effectiveness. 
Contribute to DB programsinitiatives that continue to build a sustained culture of diversity  belonging 
Actively engage in various leadership forums to diagnose and solve talent and organization-related problems 
Effectively execute people priorities
Advocate for and represent India teams needs to the regional and functional talent leaders
Provide consultative support and guidance to managers on the implementation of core HRTalent programs
Work closely with Talent COE partners (Talent Acquisition, Total Rewards, Learning, DB, Talent Design, and Internal Comms) to deliver world-class talent programs to deliver business results

Your Expertise:

15 years of progressive HR experience in a high-speed, high-growth environment
Extensive experience in managing local as well as global stakeholder across levels and functions
Experience supporting the Tech function in an agile and dynamic environment
A collaborative, thoughtful HR leader who sees the big picture and is comfortable getting into the details (can operationalize a strategy) 
Ability to  operate with a strong business mindset and understanding of business needs. 
Strong analytical skills and uses data to influence strategic decisions at the executive level.
Genuine curiosity and a strong desire to continuously learn, grow and develop others 
Proven ability to think creatively, participate fully and work collaboratively to develop and execute programs. Ability to work in and navigate a matrixed environment 
Comfortable with open communication and respectfully giving and receiving honest, constructive feedback
Impeccable judgment and ability to balance the needs of the company, managers, and employees 
Not afraid to roll up their sleeves and get involved in all aspects of the role - no job too big or too small 
Unquestioned integrity and a confident presence to effectively resolve sensitive issues 
A sense of humor and passion for Airbnb are essential - we are excited to work here, and you should be too! 

Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
 