Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
The Workplace Experience team is dedicated to supporting our 20 global offices through managing office operations and providing workplace hospitality services, including food and event operations, while also contributing to the evolution of physical workspace through analyzing office data, iterating our programs and processes, and collaborating closely with other workspace development and operational teams like Real Estate and Environments.
Workplace operations are a critical aspect of the workplace environment and are becoming even more important as the use of our offices continues to evolve with  Airbnbs flexible working policies. Delivering a seamless hosted experience in our offices is a primary focus of the Workplace Experience team, partnering closely with Employee Engagement, the Admin Community, Affinity Groups, Diversity  Belonging, Information Technology (IT), and Security.
The Difference You Will Make:
You will be responsible for the implementation and oversight of workplace operations and experience programs within the San Francisco (HQ) office, being on-site 3-5 days per week. You will  deliver on the on-site office operations, workplace services, and hospitality programs as defined by Workplace Experience leadership and in support of the office as the center of excellence.  You will also work with Workplace Coordinators to support the delivery of these services within both the San Francisco office as well as the San Jose office. You will be key in bringing a hospitality approach to workplace operations and may support the development and implementation of other key hospitality services as it relates to Airbnbs Live  Work Anywhere model. 
A Typical Day: 

Act as the single POC within the office for all workplace experience programs and corresponding processes, including Concierge, Host a Plant, Pet Dogs, Visitor Experience, New Hire Connection, and any other cultural program; implementing and supporting these programs in alignment with the program philosophies and strategies 
Integrate hospitality and gathering strategies as defined by leadership into workplace experience programs, ensuring alignment with overall company and site priorities.
Oversee all critical workplace operations within the San Francisco office and manage and provide mentorship for facilities teams responsibilities and maintenance of operational programs (ie mailroom, janitorial, plant maintenance, room audits, ticketing, repairs, etc.), and support the selection, RFP process, and onboarding of local suppliers and vendors 
Manage the facilities budget and adherence of such, identifying  opportunities for process improvements and cost savings 
Identify and continuously improve upon and evolve operational processes and workplace programs, and develop scalable and automated solutions, through a data driven approach by leveraging quantitative and qualitative data 
Guide Workplace Coordinators and Admins on the execution of large and small scale on-site meetings and gatherings and support all Workplace team members to execute on them as needed. 
Partner closely with the broader Workplace Experience team and other key cross-functional stakeholders on the ideation and rollout of the evolution of workspace initiatives such as space pilots, and on the execution of office-specific processes such as office safety, events, and hospitality services.  

Your Expertise:

8 years of experience in workplace operations
Relevant experience managing programs within workplace services at a corporate company required, technology company preferred
Proven organizational skills, ability to prioritize in order to meet deadlines and provide high quality service to clients.
Business acumen specific to managing budgets, detecting anomalies, and forecasting 
A strong customer service and hospitality mindset
Proven track record of establishing relationships across functions and with both internal and external partners
Strong analytical, conceptual thinking, strategic planning and execution skills
Passion for employee experience programs, in-office events, with a hospitality approach
Ability to be in the office (San Francisco) at least 3 days per week, some travel may be required to the San Jose office

Your Location:
This position needs to be based in the San Francisco office 3 days a week, or as required by the business needs for the role.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range125,000—153,500 USD