Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
Airbnb is powered by our Host and Guest communities. Our teams work on everything from driving improvements for the end-to-end Host and Guest experience to launching new product verticals from the ground up. Our job is to build world-class, comprehensive platforms and features to create high quality experiences for our outstanding community of Hosts and Guests.
Our Booking teams focus on the overall booking experience for guests from PDP Checkout and beyond including cancellations, add-ons, Aircover etc. 
The Difference You Will Make:
As a senior technical individual contributor, you will partner closely with our senior leaders across the broader technical organization. Although you will be at one of our highest levels of seniority, all individual contributors at Airbnb are Software Engineers which means we expect you to be hands on and contribute code.
A Typical Day:

Working closely with cross functional teams including design, product marketing, prototyping and others to envision a unique, delightful, extensible Guest booking experience.
Envision and build a scalable foundation for enabling a suite of new offerings for Guests to purchase.
Understand how key technical decisions will drive business outcomes and delive. frameworks and platforms that improve delivery with high-quality to those outcomes
Performing design and code reviews and advisementor other engineers at Airbnb 

Your Expertise:

12 years relevant experience in a fast paced, high growth tech environment
BS, MS or PhD in Computer Science or related field
Experience building, leading, and architecting full-stack products and systems at enterprise scale with a great impact
Technical leadership: hands on experience leading project teams, setting technical direction and strategy, and working cross functionally with Product and Data Science teams
Strong communication and collaboration skills. Examples of working across teams and organizations on technical initiatives

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range235,000—300,000 USD