Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.







Airbnb






SNS












13E
2
540






Airbnb




 
The Difference You Will Make:
No global movement springs from individuals. It takes an entire team united behind something big. On the Community Support: Safety team at Airbnb, were proud to be at the forefront of the sharing economy. We recognize that we are the leaders of a new, worldwide phenomenon, and its why weve worked so hard to build the trust at its foundation.  
With 100 million lifetime guests, and 2 million listings in over 190 countries, trust is what makes it work. Together, we work hard, we laugh a lot, and we are passionate about working to create the most trusted community in the world. We are looking for enthusiastic, dedicated Safety investigators who will be able to help our hosts and guests when they need us the most.
A Typical Day: 

Assisting with escalated issues and initiating the user dispute request process via Phone call and email.
Investigating both sides of incident disputes and negotiating collaboratively.
Verifying facts and reaching policy-based determinations for effective resolution.
Working to educate our hosts and guests to promote positive experiences.
Educating users on how to maintain security and safety while using Airbnb responsibly.
Monitoring flagged and inappropriate content and identifying trends in online risk.
Working with Community Support teams to develop and enhance internal policies and tools.
Investigating cases involving complex damages, trauma or personal harm, or brand risk.
Evaluating both property damages and personal property damages.
Maintaining high levels of confidentiality while performing investigations.
Comprehensively documenting investigations through written reports.
Interfacing with internal communications and social media teams.
Dedicated to project work, supporting senior specialists and leadership on the execution of Change Management and other initiatives.
Acting as a content advisor, and supports function on the execution of Change Management initiatives. 
Acting as a process advisor for impact initiatives andor cross-functional projects to meet strategic goals.
Acting as a mentor and advisorSubject Matter Expert for new hires and partners - (Idea is they identify gaps in WF, process and escalate for improvement)

Your Expertise:

Location: Remote Work In Japan
Language skills: Fluent English and Native Japanese, both verbal and written
1-3 years of experience in advocacy, crisis management, or e-commerce customer service experience in risk management or related Trust and Safety field
2 years of experience in other customer service related work.
Or, background in fraud andor online investigations with experience handling personal injury, personal harm, or property damage related issues
Bachelors Degree or equivalent and knowledge of a second (market-specific) language
Must be available for a regular schedule of 5 days work week (40 hours), mutually agreed with your Lead, able to work on weekends and public holidays
Strong verbal (phone) and written (email)  interpersonal communication skills
Passion for dispute resolution and a drive for results
Detail Oriented - doing your due diligence when conducting an investigation
Ability to learn and adapt to new technologies
Solid judgment and a strong moral compass
Excellent problem solving, critical thinking and customer service skills
Calm and empathetic - you are able to adapt to any situation by personalizing responses and educating our community while remaining level headed in tough situations
Ability to multi-task, organize and work with rapidly changing priorities
Ability to learn and adapt to new technologies
Innovative and passionate about continued process improvement

 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
 