Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 

The Senior Payments Risk and Compliance Officer is a senior leader on the Payments Risk and Compliance Team, leading a large portion of the Payments Risk and Compliance team, overseeing projects and managing Operations.
The Payments Compliance team is responsible for the products, technical services, tools and partner integrations that manage Airbnbs payments risk, ensure network and regulatory compliance, protect Airbnb from financial crimes and frauds, and empower payments operations.

The Difference You Will Make:

The position is responsible for leading the ongoing design, refinement and maintenance of our Payments Risk and Compliance programs.
This role reports into the Chief Compliance Officer (Payments) and serves as a senior leader and people manager tasked with leading a portion of the team to ensure that our policies, programs and operational processes are best in class, designed to mitigate risks to the business, and ready for regulatory examinations in all relevant jurisdictions.

A Typical Day: 

Lead Compliance and Risk team members as a people manager, design our organization to ensure that we continue to scale to match the growth of our business, ensure that our team is appropriately staffed with Compliance and Risk professionals who are empowered to carry out our payments compliance and risk programs
Serve as a leader within Airbnb Payments, use your subject matter expertise to partner with product and engineering teams to ensure that products meet Risk and Compliance requirements
Oversee the Operations team, continuously evolve our operational processes to ensure that they scale with our business and become more effective and efficient over time
Hire and manage teams in international market locations in support of the evolution of our Payments platform in new markets
Work with the Compliance and Risk Product, Engineering, Data Science and Design teams to develop and implement best in class processes and systems, continuously evolve our process
Develop and maintain the companys Risk and Compliance Policies and program for all relevant regulated jurisdictions
Use data to provide impactful quantitative storytelling that enables confident business decisions.
Coordinate with cross-functional business leaders to understand evolving product requirements and ensure that our Compliance and Risk program can support the evolution of our products
Coordinate with the Compliance Officer to understand evolving trends and risks to the business, design controls based on our risk assessment to mitigate risks
Ensure compliance and financial risks are identified and raised for consideration to the CCO board as appropriate
Independently manage your portion of our program and team
Create, manage and maintain metrics to monitor team and program effectiveness, and ensure management has 247365 visibility of the health of the Compliance and Risk programs

Your Expertise:

Bachelors Degree or Technical Equivalent
12 Years work experience, with demonstrated experience in payments, banking, or e-commerce
People management experience, managing Compliance and Risk operations and project teams
Advanced knowledge of financial risk, regulatory and compliance issues related to payments and many of the applicable regulations both in the US and abroad.
Demonstrated experience working with product and engineering to define requirements and implement effective technical tools
Strong systems thinker
Superior writing skills
Ability to clearly articulate compliance requirements to a non-compliance audience
Ability to work closely and build trust with management and board members
Exceptional organization and process management ability
High level of personal integrity, interest in payments as evidenced by related work experience, proven dedication to excellence, leadership qualities and a flexible, creative, innovative approach to problem solving
Mission-driven, enthusiastic to learn and grow within the Airbnb community and embody our Core Values; team-oriented with a positive, can-do attitude.
Ability and desire to work in a fast-paced environment
Professional experience andor certification in project management a plus.
Professional certification in compliance or risk management preferred (CAMSCFECFCS certification)

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range190,000—235,000 USD