Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
Airbnb is redefining the worlds approach to accommodation and travel. We are creating highly local, personal and authentic experiences for our host and guest community around the world. Our platform connects millions of people a year and furthers our mission to create a world where anyone can belong anywhere.
To power the global Airbnb community, we are building a world-class payments platform - one that currently supports 191 countries, 63 currencies, connects dozens of payment providers and banks, and processes billions of dollars per year for all of Airbnbs business units. As the platform grows, well be adding new payment partners, establishing licensed payments companies around the world, and building innovative payment experiences and financial products for our guests and hosts. Our goal? To create a future where transparent, simple, and familiar payment solutions can empower people, entrepreneurs and communities on our global marketplace.
 The Difference You Will Make:
We are seeking a Manager to lead every aspect of payments partnerships and related tasks across the partner life cycle including payment partnership deals implementation, partner on-boarding and off-boarding, partner performance management, partner incident management, partner centric BAU and ad-hoc operational or product issues across global payments within assigned the verticals of Pay-ins and Networks. 
A Typical Day: 

Serve as a subject matter expert on global payments (Card Networks, Acquirers, Processors, Payment Methods);  
Participate in the evolution of growing and scaling Airbnbs Payments to serve global markets
Build strong relationships with, and align cross-functional stakeholders across Payments, Finance, Treasury, and other cross-functional areas in relation to region-led payments initiatives to build consensus and drive decision making at the payments leadership level
Analyze and understand Airbnbs total cost of payments including the composition of costs. Lead payment auth improvement and performance initiatives across various Airbnb markets
Develop strategies to drive strategic outcomes with partners within the payments ecosystem (banks, networks, processors, fintechs etc) to support processing needs, drive user acquisition and new bookings, and lower payments processing costs

Your Expertise:

7 years of experience in Payments Industry with specific focus on partnerships, product or consulting  
Experience in integrating large scale processing platforms and global payment methods
Knowledge of card and non-card payments ecosystem 
Proven analytical skills, particularly in the realm of payments cost drivers and approval optimization
History of interacting with stakeholders across the payments value chain, including issuers, acquirers, networks, fraud and risk management providers
Comfortable driving partner discussions and negotiations to drive payments economics and product performance
Excellent communication skills and attention to detail, and ability to communicate complex details simply
Detail-oriented with great organizational skills, and highly analytical, but also comfortable with ambiguity
Entrepreneurial and comfortable working in a fast-paced environment with the ability to thrive under minimal guidance

Preferred but not required:

7 years working in the payments domain 
5 years of payments experience within an at-scale marketplace, acquirer or processor
Experience in international markets 
Experience working in a platform organization which enables and advises business partners
Payments consulting, marketplace, or e-commerce payments experience a plus

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range140,000—165,000 USD