Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The difference you will make
 
The Host Pricing  Settings org is looking for a Staff Software Engineer to help us craft the next generation of tools for Airbnb hosts. Our team empowers Airbnb hosts to better run their business by providing the tools and education to implement pricing strategies that adapt to their evolving goals. As a Staff Engineer working in Host pricing, you will help drive the technology and implementation strategy to directly help hosts run their business day-to-day.
A typical day


Work with product and design partners to explore problem spaces and devise solutions to customer problems. 


Collaborate with other product engineers and cross-functional partners to develop new Host pricing functionality and surface insights  analytics.


Create technical and execution strategies for new projects and legacy migrations as well as drive hand-ons implementation of those solutions. 


Follow data-driven approaches to find inefficiencies in the buildtestdeploy pipeline.


Identify areas of improvement and drive product development best practices.


Ability to mentor and grow more junior engineers to improve their software development craft.


Personal projects that show an aptitude for technical excellence and product sense.


Ability to work in areas outside of your usual comfort zone and show motivation for personal growth.


 
Your expertise


9 years of industry experience with a BSMasters or 6 years of industry experience with a PhD. 


Experience leading and shipping large scope technical projects in collaboration with multiple experienced engineers.


You are a full-cycle developer: strong ownership and experience building and operating  high-scale, distributed systems across the full software life cycle.


You have excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a team and across engineering teams.


You are a strong problem solver and have solid production debugging skills.


 
Your location
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
 
Our commitment to inclusion and belonging
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.
 How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range200,000—254,000 USD