Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
The Storage Foundation team within Airbnbs Storage Infra org owns Airbnbs online serving storage system. The group is responsible for designing, building and operating the software and solutions that include a new source-of-truth, open-source NewSql database and a set of managed storage services  APIs built on top of the unified backend. With users around the world, reliability, scalability, efficiency, high availability and platform evolution are our teams core concerns.
The Difference You Will Make:
As an engineering manager for the Managed Storage Services team under Storage Foundation, youll lead a team of talented, diverse software engineers to build, operate and improve our set of managed storage services for Airbnb, and evolve our Storage offerings to meet the challenge of Airbnb business. Specifically:

A highly available, low-latency, distributed, multi-tenant KV storage for Airbnb user profiling, Search, ML, pricing teams, supporting million-level read QPS, 99.9 availability across thousands of customer tables.
Design and deliver a new paved path for online Graph Store that would serve as a source-of-truth Graph database, as well as a low-latency, highly available querying engine powering Airbnbs Knowledge and Social Graph.
Set of control planes and provisioning services that manage OpenSearch and ElasticCache clusters for hundreds of Airbnb production clusters, at million IOPS and million indexing QPS.
A distributed coordination service across global regions that is scalable, reliable, performant to support many mission-critical systems (MySQL, Redis, Kafka, Flink, Druid), built on top of Zookeeper.

Each manager brings their own unique skill set, experiences, thought leadership and technical expertise to solve these technical challenges for Airbnb. Your job responsibilities will include day-to-day operations, building the team by hiring top talents, coaching and growing engineers, technical deep dives, community engagement, and strategic planning. You will work closely with your peers across Storage Infra, and many other partners in Airbnb Product teams, as well as Infra teams in Compute, Networking, Security, Reliability across the company and with external vendors. 
A Typical Day: 

Work with TLs and partner teams to define and execute on a coherent vision and roadmap for Airbnbs storage infrastructure and related components.  
Build a robust team by attracting top talent, mentoring individuals and managing conflict. 
Nurture a culture of technical quality from design, through code review, to production.
Build strong partnership with internal teams across infrastructure by developing and communicating a clear and impactful vision and priorities for the team. 
Represent Airbnb to build strong relationships with open source communities and external service partners.

Your Expertise:

3-5 years of engineering management experience, with 6 years of relevant software development experience in a fast paced tech environment.
Expertise with a public cloud provider (AWS, GCP, Azure) and their Storage, VM, networking, Kubernetes, Security offerings.
Experience with building and operating distributed storage and services.
Strong collaboration and communication skills with a customer-first mindset, ability to abstract various customer requests into a platform vision and solution.
Experience in designing architecture that is long-term and evolvable.
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a team and with teams across the engineering organization.
Strong problem solver and have led a team that is on-call for production infrastructure before.
Passionate about efficiency, availability, technical quality and system quality.

How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The starting base pay for this role is between 200,000 and 254,000. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  
Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range200,000—254,000 USD