Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
Everyone at Airbnb thinks about trust, but our team obsesses over it daily. The Trust team is responsible for protecting our community and platform from fraud while also ensuring our hosts, guests, homes, and experiences meet our high standards. As part of the Trust Engineering team you will be in charge of designing and building large scale systems to detect and mitigate fraud across our entire platform. As part of the Trust Engineering team you will be designing and building scalable and robust systems to detect and mitigate fraud across our entire platform. You will be deeply involved in building highly available and real-time risk detection services in close collaboration with product, data science and operations teams to understand ever evolving attack vectors and to make Airbnb the most safe and trusted community. There are still many unsolved problems to tackle in both online and offline risk, and were looking for talented engineers to solve these challenges with us.
The Difference You Will Make:
As the Engineering Manager of the Trust Platform team, you will lead a team of talented  diverse software engineers responsible for powering the detection and mitigation of fraud at scale across Airbnb. The team is responsible for many Trust foundational systems, such as the rules engine, friction framework, and the vendor API gateway, along with supporting one of the highest throughput systems across the company. The team works closely with the Trust defense teams to tackle the changing landscape of fraud attacks, and builds platform features to enable Trust product teams to quickly build frictions, rules, and enforcement tools for agents. 
You will also play a strategic role in building user facing tools to enable non-engineers to quickly deploy defenses and operationalize policies, while investing in analytics and data tools to improve the efficacy of our rules and policies. You will have the opportunity to work with a team of product managers, data scientists, and engineers to strategically define the roadmap and build a long term vision to support the changing business needs. You will partner with cross functional stakeholders across Payments, Community Support Products, and Hosting teams to support all operational workflows through our rule and policy engine. 
Our Engineering Managers are responsible for creating the vision and then delivering a solution that is flexible, always available, efficient, and scales with the needs of the business. Each manager brings their own unique skill set, experiences, thought leadership and technical expertise to solve these technical challenges for Airbnb.
A Typical Day: 

Lead the organizational and technical direction of our current and future infrastructure that powers the detection and mitigation of fraud at Airbnb.
Lead a robust team by attracting top talent, mentoring individuals and managing conflict. 
Nurture a culture of technical quality from design, through code review, to production.
Collaborate with internal teams across Trust, Payments, Community Support Products, and the Hosting to gain agreement by developing and communicating a clear and impactful vision and priorities for the team. 
Carefully plan, track, and report on work of the team, identifying problems early.
Be conversant in systems designarchitecture, can reason about trade-offs, and ultimately own  defend technical decisions  technical direction for your team

Your Expertise:

10 years of combined engineering management experience and relevant software development industry experience in a fast paced tech environment.
Familiar with the latest backend technologies, such as Java. Familiarity with Scala is a plus. 
Experience with the Trust and Risk domain.
Experience with platform architecture patterns and best practices.  Experience with building and leading infrastructure is a plus.
Retained, mentored and hired senior engineers and leaders with a track record of building productive, world-class engineering teams. 
Effectively worked with senior leadership in setting strategic 6 month direction.
Experience with effectively creating alignments with multiple teams and operating well in ambiguity 
Track record in partnering with recruiting to build incredible engineering teams
Actively coached and mentored team members in their careers
Been actively involved in setting product strategy
Consistently made culture choices that positively impact all of engineering
Shipped several large scale projects with multiple dependencies across teams

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range200,000—245,000 USD