Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join
Airbnb is powered by our Host and Guest communities. Users are the center of the Airbnb platform. The Users team is responsible for everything related to building a holistic ecosystem around users, with the complexity ranging from individual travelers and hosts to large vacation rental businesses. 
Our work includes but not limited to:

User Platform: Build a User Entity Platform that enables every team on Airbnb to create exceptional user experiences. This includes consolidating user data across Airbnb into a single source of truth, building an end-to-end system from data model to the interface layers, and maintaining a cohesive lifecycle that encapsulates the user journey on Airbnb.
User Identity: Establish the User Identity workflows, policies, and account management to ensure every user account is verified and protected. Today, there are multiple ways of creating and deactivating accounts, and account management is not personalized based on the types of users. Our goal is to set up the right account structures and relationships that support a vast variety of user types and to unify the account creation and management. 
User Profile: Build a comprehensive and rich understanding of our Users that matches Guests with the perfect Hosts and Homes. We want to truly understand our users and personalize their experiences based on their needs.
User Reputation: Create a hospitality system that helps Airbnb and Hosts to deliver the magical stays. This requires collecting the right quality signals from users and synthesizing quality signals including reviews, customer service tickets, and others to form an accurate understanding of user reputation.  

The Difference You Will Make
We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated engineering leader who is passionate about making a difference through their work. We are at the early journey to build a company-wide user centric platform in a multi-year effort. As a technical leader, you will have the unique opportunity to shape the technical and product directions from the beginning. You will be in charge of coming up with large scalable architecture for one or multiple User domain areas, align with other tech and cross functional leaders from different teams, and lead a group of talented engineers to come up with milestones and execute the design through multiple releases.  
A typical day

Work with cross functional partners (product managers, legal etc) to design and deliver high-quality products.
Create paved paths and best practices for the User entity platform and drive alignments and adoptions across the company
Lead efforts to architect, build and launch solutions for serving user product flows and user data.
Provide critical input in team roadmap and technical direction.
Influence and collaborate with stakeholders to adopt team goals and roadmaps.
Build efficient and backend solutions that are reliable, performant and scalable.
Mentor team members who have less experience.

Your Expertise

9 years of full-time work experience in software engineering, information technology, or related domains.
Experience with designing and building large scale production systems or features.
Willing to work across the backend stack to address technical challenges anywhere in the system.
Experience with working in a cross-functional team that touches many of the core systems and user flows at Airbnb.
Experience with service oriented architecture.
Proficiency in one or more backend server languages (RubyJavaKotlin), and expertise in popular storage systems such as relational databases, noSQL and caching.
Breadth of knowledge in identity and users domain is a plus

Your Location
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our commitment to inclusion and belonging
Airbnb is committed to working with the best and brightest people from the broadest talent pool possible. We believe a diversity of ideas fosters innovation and engagement, and allows us to attract the best people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply. If you need assistance, or a reasonable accommodation during the application and recruiting process, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range200,000—254,000 USD