Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The community you will join:
Airbnb is seeking a Sales Operations Analyst Intern to join the Hosting Commercial team within our Hosting organization for a 6-month, part-time internship (15-20 hours per week) from January to June.
The Hosting Commercial Team is a collection of functions, each with an overarching goal to drive responsible growth of the Host and Guest communities. Our teams use foundational data and insights, about our business needs to identify and pursue opportunities across the company. We work on a range of initiatives such as Host recruitment and retention, Hotels, Experiences, Revenue Operations, Business Development and more.
This internship is right for you if you enjoy working with people with different backgrounds and perspectives and love solving problems through data-based-decision-making. 
 
The difference you will make:
You will support the Sales Operations team on improving the performance of the sales team through sales reporting, data modeling and insights, and business intelligence tactics.  
 
A typical day:
As an Airbnb intern, youll be integrated into a team where youll contribute to challenging projects. Your manager, team, and our incredible employee community will strive to be superhosts to you during the program. We provide the support, mentorship, fun, and real world experience needed to accelerate your learning and make a real impact on our product, as Airbnb revolutionizes connection, belonging, and travel.
During the internship, some project you will be working on may include:

Supporting Sales Operations Leads in evaluating sales team performance  
Reviewing goal forecasting accuracy, suggesting ways to improve forecasting accuracy
Generating regional weekly data insights and reporting
Supporting the development of bottoms up forecasting models
Project managing regional sales contests
Identifying gaps in processes and driving timely resolutions

 
Your expertise:
This opportunity is for  undergraduate students enrolled full-time at a nationally-accredited university or college (expected graduation between 122024 - 052025) with the following background:

Completing a degree in Applied Mathematics, Marketing, Finance, Statistics, Computational Sciences or similar
Strong analytical skills and ability to solve complex data issues
Proficiency in Excel and Google Sheets for data analysis and manipulation
Critical thinking abilities, including the ability to interpret data, validate it against external reference points, and identify emerging trends
Highly organized and efficient in managing projects and day-to-day tasks
Able to present and communicate clearly and concisely to convey information to individuals and groups
Excellent time management skills, with the ability to prioritize the most important tasks
Able to commit to a 6-month, part-time (15-20 hoursweek) internship beginning in January
Based in New York City or San Francisco - relocation is unavailable for this role
Work authorization for employment in the United States is required (CPTOPT is accepted) - visa sponsorship is unavailable

 
Your location:
Due to the nature of this position, the successful applicant will need to be based in San Francisco or New York City to be able to conduct their work. 
 
Our commitment to inclusion  belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the best and brightest people from the broadest talent pool possible. We believe a diversity of ideas fosters innovation and engagement, and allows us to attract the best people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply. If you need assistance, or a reasonable accommodation during the application and recruiting process, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual hourly rate is dependent upon many factors, such as: education, experience, and skills. The hourly rate is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits. Pay Range25—25 USD