Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
Marketing Technologys mission is to provide a state of the art platform and measurement capabilities to enable our product and marketing teams to effectively deliver highly personalized and relevant marketing campaigns to the Airbnb community via landing pages on airbnb.com and various communication channels like Email, SMS and Push notifications.
The Communications delivery platform teams mission is to provide a reliable, timely and efficient platform with tracking and measurement capabilities to communicate with Airbnbs global customer base for all promotional and transactional needs. The platform is critical to the success of Airbnb as it directly ties into key metrics such as bookings, revenue and customer satisfaction. 
 
The Difference You Will Make:

Design the future state of the Martech technical systems by combining a strategic understanding of our highest level product goals with a deep understanding of our existing systems to inform the right technical and product tradeoffs for both short and long term
Lead engineers—both inside and outside your immediate team—in building out these technical solutions
Participate in the development of key platform features by engaging early and often with product managers, engineering leaders and other stakeholders to help steer teams on the most efficient path towards overall goals
Nurture a culture of technical quality from design, through code review, to production operations
Mentor other engineers in developing their technical and collaboration skills
Identify and propose solutions to problems coming in the way of technical and product engineering excellence
Collaborate with internal teams across Martech, GuestHost product teams, Marketing operations, Marketing and others. 
At the staff level, our engineers are responsible for establishing a technical vision and then delivering a solution that is flexible, always available, efficient, and scales with the needs of the business. Each individual brings their own unique skill set, experiences, thought leadership and technical expertise to solve these technical challenges for Airbnb.

 
Your Expertise:

9 years of relevant software development industry experience in a fast-paced tech environment with a BSMasters or 6 years with a PhD.


Experience leading and shipping large initiatives with high business impact. 
Expertise working with large scale distributed systems handling high throughput and low latency requirements.
Good judgment in making tradeoffs to balance short-term business needs with long-term technical quality
Expertise with container and orchestration technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes, and async messaging systems such as Kafka, RabbitMQ and AWS SQS.
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a team and across engineering teams.
Passionate about efficiency, availability, reliability and system quality.
(preferred) Proficiency in Java (andor Kotlin)

 
Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range200,000—254,000 USD