Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
Our Gurgaon office is home to a strong team of individuals who have an insightful and deep understanding of our Indian business. They are one of the most hospitable teams on the planet and welcome all with open arms.
We are looking for people with entrepreneurial attitude - the insurgent mission, the front-line obsession and the owners mindset - Team Airbnb
 
The Difference You Will Make:

Responsible for triaging Accounts Payable mailboxes using the Jira ticket tool.
Timely review and processing of supplier invoices.
Work closely with external suppliers and internal requestors in providing any additional documentationinformation necessary to process invoices in a timely manner.
Weekly creation of amortization schedule for prepaids. 
Bi-weekly review of after the fact PO issuance report.
Weekly review of good receipts report.
Provide assistance during month-end close.
Ensure ongoing compliance with SOX control.
Oracle implementation functional support and process support post implementation. During the implementation phase the candidate is expected to support the UAT testing and report any process or functional discrepancies to their supervisor. Post implementation the candidate must be able to identify process or functional gaps (if any) on an ongoing basis and report it to their Supervisor. Ideally a minimum of 1 year exposure to Oracle is desirable.
Automation projects assigned as needed to support the Accounts Payable team.

 
A Typical Day: 

Proven ability to multitask, delegate and prioritize tasks.
Demonstrated ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, deadline-driven  environment.
Ability to be flexible as a member of multiple teams and across functional areas.
Experience with Workday financials preferred.
Strong integrity and work ethic.
Possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Team Player  strong willingness to support the team.
Proactive, assertive, and has a creative approach to problem solving.

Your Expertise:

Degree or advanced degree in finance, supply chain or related fields.
Minimum 3 years of experience in AccountingFinance. 
Think big: Think broadly for the company, build comprehensive commercials solutions. 
Lead it: Step forward to address difficult issues and in doing so lead courageously, putting self on the line to deal with important problems, standing firm when necessary for the good of the company. 
Own it: take ownership and drive for results while exemplifying a positive attitude. 
Solve it: apply critical thinking to simplify complex problems. 
Get it done: be proactive, bias for action, and solution focused.
This is a contractual position of 6 months tenure only.

 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.