Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
Airbnbs Talent Enablement (HR) team delivers the core components of Talent services, including advising managers and employees on people matters, supporting the planning and delivery of cyclical talent programs, collaborating with EX COEs on global and countrywide program delivery, partnering with functional experts on research and investigations, and supporting function specific projects, among other responsibilities and opportunities. The Talent Enablement Advisor also handles the most complex HR matters, situations and projects.
 
The Difference You Will Make:
The Talent (HR) Enablement Advisor is an instrumental role in Airbnbs Talent (HR) model and is uniquely positioned to deliver concrete solutions to Airbnbs workforce in China. This role is responsible for ensuring Airbnb HR services are delivered timely, accurately and with high quality across the entire employee journey.
This is a highly cross functional role and requires strong engagement and partnership with teams across Airbnb, including business, Employee ExperienceHR, and globalregional teams. We are looking for a HR thought professional who can balance the need to be a strong, data-driven business partner and a roll up your sleeves attitude. The successful candidate thrives in a fast-paced and challenging environment and is passionate  to deliver impactful talent solutions. The position reports to the Talent Leader for China.
 
A Typical Day: 

Gain strong understanding of the business, and business strategies and roadmaps.
Has a comprehensive understanding of HR fundamentals and some HR disciplines; able to solve a broad range of issues across every HR discipline.
Demonstrates strong project management capabilities and experience. Look around corners to improve current processes and programs.
Builds plans that effectively execute strategies for Talent Programs.
Partner with Talent Business Partners, EX Centers of Expertise (COE) to plan, manage and support cyclical programs including (but not limited to) performance management, annual compensation reviews, talent reviews and employee listening. Share content and process feedback with COE teams to ensure continuous improvement.
Partner with key functional teams to ensure a stellar client experience including the Legal team to ensure compliance with employment regulations; Total Rewards in relation to compensation and benefits clarity and guidance; Talent Ops on talent processesprojects.
Proactively uses data analysis and analytical thought to identify trends and areas of opportunity.
Build awareness among managers and employees of EX self service support. Wherever possible, enable the workforce to effectively resolve inquiries and matters independently.
Detect potential trends and patterns to inform organizational insights and contribute towards proactive planning and issue mitigation.
Promote, strengthen and embed Airbnb Core Values and Diversity and Belonging across the organization.

 
Your Expertise:
 Professional Skills  Experience:

Possesses solid experience in and knowledge of core HR disciplines, including HR Operations, Employee Relations, Compensation, Benefits, Recruiting, Talent Management, Organization Development and Change Management.
Expert program management skills and experience in leading complex cross-functional projects.
Strong ability to use the data to obtain the insights and to come up with the recommendations. 
Strong communication (written, verbal and electronic) and relationship building skills. Able to establish strong communication channels with stakeholders (business teams, EX and COEs). 
Proven problem solving experience. Identifies problems, proposes solutions, and executes effectively with appropriate COE partners with minimal guidance.
Deep understanding of how business works and how specific business teams and functions drive Airbnbs one company roadmap and goals.
Practices trustworthiness, discretion, confidentiality, empathy and sound judgment.
Centers on customer impact and implications in order to solve the right issues in an appropriate time frame.
Deep sense of curiosity and enjoys learning how things work and delights in solving thorny problems responsibly and creatively.

 Education, Work Experience and Extras:

10 years of progressive HR experience in fast moving, high growth, global companies.
BABS degree in an HR related field is a big plus; MAMS preferred. Educational specialization is highly preferred (Organizational Behavior, Organization Development, Statistics,  etc).
Hold experienceexpertise in 3 functional HR areas (HRBP, Employee Relations, Organization Development, Talent Management, Learning and Development, Compensation, Recruiting, etc.).
Experience supporting a Technology organization as HR Generalist, HRBP or program manager is required.
Experience with HRDataAnalytics technologies (Workday, Tableau, Excel) and Program Management tools (Smartsheet, Asana, Airtable) is required.
Prior experience working in fast-paced, dynamic, globalmultinational organizations is highly preferred.
Strong commitment to customers and the customer experience (internal and external customers).
Enjoys having fun doing meaningful work with business clients and colleagues.
Fluency in communication and writing  in English and Mandarin

 
Your Location
Due to the nature of this position, the successful applicant will need to be based in Beijing, China to be able to conduct their work. Your recruiter will inform you what cities you are able to work from depending on your personal legal working identity and Airbnb internal policies.
 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.