Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.Airbnbs Legal Department is a global team that will require working with diverse international colleagues around the world. The successful candidate will be someone who is adaptable, collaborative and embodies Airbnbs Core Values. Candidates will be required to approach complex legal issues with a balance for local and global perspectives, while being adaptable to cultural differences and nuances. A genuine and demonstrated interest in Airbnb and a commitment to ethics, integrity and fostering a workplace that emphasizes diversity and belonging is a must.
The Community You Will Join: 

Airbnbs Legal team embodies the companys innovative, forward-thinking spirit. At the frontier of the sharing economy, Airbnb is breaking new ground in matters of policy, law, and government relations. Where some see obstacles, we see the opportunity to find creative, practical solutions, right at the cutting edge. Our adventurous, fast-moving legal team is committed to building a team of talented, collaborative and self-motivated legal professionals across the globe who believe in Airbnbs mission and leading as a 21st century company

The Difference You Will Make:

The Senior Counsel, Payments, will be responsible for providing legal advice and support for our payments platform across product, commercial and regulatory matters. You will serve as a payments subject matter expert, working extensively with the Payments team and collaborating with the other members of the global Legal team. This role reports to the Assistant General Counsel, Payments.

A Typical Day: 

Deliver clear, effective and practical legal advice on the launch of new and maintenance of existing payment products in the U.S. and around the world.  
Negotiate strategic commercial agreements necessary to support the payment operations of Airbnb.
Evaluate and manage payments regulatory matters, including payments laws and regulations that apply to our payments entities.
Manage and direct outside counsel in various jurisdictions in connection with strategic decisions around regulations and consumer protection.
Be adept in making sensible legal risk assessments which consider practical solutions to mitigate legal risk while keeping business priorities at the forefront.
Active championship of Airbnbs mission, ethics and integrity.
Support for Airbnbs commitment to building and maintaining a diverse and inclusive workplace, free of discrimination and harassment.

Your Expertise:

J.D. and 8 years of relevant experience in law firms, governmental agencies, andor in-house legal departments.
In-house payments experience at an e-commerce marketplace or FinTech company is preferred.
Deep understanding of payments laws and regulations in the U.S. Understanding global payments regulations and working with regulators across regions is a plus.  
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with an ability to make complex regulatory concepts clear to business teams, engineers, lawyers and regulators.
Self-starter, driven and able to work autonomously while prioritizing competing tasks in a fast-paced, challenging environment.
Ability to spot key risks, analyze and practically assess risk, and provide business-oriented and actionable recommendations.
Flexibility, highly collaborative and willingness to work with all levels of the organization, and to roll up your sleeves to get the job done.
Intellectually curious, open-minded, adaptable, ready to grow and learn and receptive to feedback.
Empathetic, caring and humble.
Entrepreneurial and business-orientated.
Adaptable individual possessing high integrity, excellent judgment, a sense of humor and a love for fun and adventure.
Member of your state bar in good standing.

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range205,000—245,000 USD