Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 

In Community Policy, our mission is to create and evolve principled policies that establish the rules of the road for Guests and Hosts across Airbnb. This involves solving some of the most complex Trust  Safety challenges of our time. Our work is informed by rigorous research and stakeholder collaboration, and we design policies that can support our community at scale. We team with our cross-functional partners to create accessible policy enforcement guides and to continuously maintain and improve our policies.

The Difference You Will Make:

As a Manager of Community Policies you will work across the business and with external stakeholders to continuously evaluate and improve our policies and to handle new issues as they arise.
You will lead the way in creating bespoke policies and other guidelines in support of a fair and comfortable experience on Airbnb, and are responsible for collaborating closely with our business, design, and product teams to design systems that help facilitate a quality experience across Airbnb. You will partner closely on company launches to assess and deliver policy work in support of Airbnbs growth.
This role will serve as a key player in developing our global policy solutions and will have a direct impact on the peace of mind of millions of Airbnb community members around the world.

A Typical Day: 

Have broad ownership over our policies affecting Airbnbs business strategy and operations
Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders across the business including but not limited to Hosting, Guest Experience, Operations, Public Policy, Legal, Product, Trust, Communications and Business Development
Guide policy operationalization efforts in partnership with cross-functional stakeholders
Foster, build, and maintain relationships with leadership of internal business verticals
Use data, research, and insights to evaluate and revise policies as needed

Your Expertise:

8-10 years experience in a Policy, Legal, or Trust and Safety role
Exceptional writing abilities and an ability to explain and simplify complex information to others
Thoughtful business judgment, strategic thinking, and ability to work well under pressure
A track record of strong leadership
Strong attention to detail
Demonstrated capacity for critical thinking, research, and analysis
Experience in driving solutions to complex problems through cross-functional collaboration
Fluency in data analysis and leading data-driven decision-making 

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range160,000—200,000 USD