Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
The Cities team is a mission-driven organization chartered with ensuring Airbnb remains compliant with housing regulations, minimizing regulatory friction for Hosts and Guests, and building trust with local governments to promote fair regulations around the world. The team is highly collaborative and works very closely with policy, operations, product, design and data science. 
The Difference You Will Make:
As a Staff Engineering on the Cities team, you will be responsible for the overall engineering architecture of our regulatory systems. You will build scalable and flexible systems that can model todays regulations and easily adapt to future changes in this rapidly evolving space. The system will integrate across guest and host facing systems, as well as our government portal and internal tools. In addition, you will actively engage industry and governmental partners to drive technology strategy to scale compliance including establishment of technology standards. 
A Typical Day: 

As a Staff Software on Cities your role will include:
Architect and build our next-gen regulatory services
Engage with our policy and operations partners to launch the next major regulation 
Work closely with product teams on improving our guest and host regulatory experience
A coach, mentor and leader across the Cities team to ensure the highest standards for our code quality, commitment to craft and operational excellence

Your Expertise:

Bachelors andor Masters degree, preferably in CS, or equivalent experience
9 years of industry experience
Proficiency in one or more back-end server languages (JavaCetc.)
Experience in architectural patterns of a high-scale distributed productsservices, such as well-designed APIs, data pipelines and efficient algorithms
Experience working with industry and government partners in establishing technology standards
Experiences working collaboratively in cross-functional teams with design, product, policy, operations and data science partners

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from. 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application. 
 How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range200,000—254,000 USD