Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
Airbnb is a mission-driven company dedicated to helping create a world where anyone can belong anywhere. It takes a unified team committed to our core values to achieve this goal. Airbnbs various functions embody the companys innovative spirit and our fast-moving team is committed to leading as a 21st century company.
The Difference You Will Make:
Data represents the voice of Airbnbs users at scale. The Dataflow Foundation team is responsible for building foundation infrastructure to bridge online and offline data, including stream compute platform, message publish-consumer systems, and events ingestion framework. And the tech stack will leverage Airbnb internal technologies and open source technologies such as Kafka, Spark, Flink, Kafka, Trino and Iceberg etc. 
A Typical Day: 

Solves large, open ended, critical or foundational technical problems without known solutions that require technical expertise in the area of stream compute ecosystem.
Operates the production system for stream compute and message pub-sub. 
Self-directed and accountable for the outcomes over the scope of the team.
Proactively collaborates, builds relationships and drives alignment with stakeholders within and across the stream compute domain.
Communicates difficult or complex concepts and decisions clearly and effectively.
Provides critical input in prioritization across teams or multiple major projects.

Your Expertise:

BS, MS or Ph.D. in computer science or related field, or equivalent work experience
12 years of relevant work experience in infrastructure
Hands-on experience with designing large scale distributed systems for high performance.
Experience with modern batch  real-time data processing technologies
Proven track record in building and leading incredible engineering teams
Passionate about understanding data and its relevance to business decisions
Ability to operate in a fast-moving environment supporting a rapidly growing business
Consistently made culture choices that positively impact all of engineering
Demonstrated project management skills

 
Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range235,000—300,000 USD