Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
Airbnbs Search Feed Engineering team is a full stack product engineering team, responsible for providing Airbnb users with the best possible options, by surfacing the most relevant and personalized search results; in past launches were the team that have built Airbnb Categories, and Split Stays.  The Engineering Manager of the Search Feed team will lead a team of 6 outstanding IC frontend and backend engineers, collaborating closely with Airbnbs world class design, product, and program partners to build innovative products, with a focus on enhancing Airbnbs search experience for users around the world.  
The Difference You Will Make:
As the steward of one of the most critical surface on a guests journey, you will be responsible for:

Delivering new headliner features (examples: Airbnb Categories, Split Stays)
Raising the bar for product quality of the features owned by the team
Proactively collaborating with XFN partners on feature enhancement and customer pain points

In addition to product delivery, you will be responsible for:

Providing guidance on technical direction and foundational investments 
Optimizing team operation to empower the team to achieve a high level of productivity, reliability and simplicity (planning, prioritization, knowledge distribution,  design review, incidents response, etc)
Championing Airbnbs culture of belonging
Hiring and coaching the engineering talent on your team

A Typical Day: 

Support the team to deliver product features with a high level of fit and finish
Leverage good product and design sense to influence product improvements for new or existing features
Showcase the teams work in front of senior leaders, clearly communicate trade-offs, risks and opportunities to a broad set of stakeholders
Proactively share context with the team, help the team connect the dots of their work with broader company initiatives
Be able to answer questions about ongoing initiatives, architecture and systems, staffing situations, the in  out of a feature etc in details 
Have regular 1:1s and meaningful career conversations with your reports 
Have the technical acumen to partner with tech leads and are comfortable helping drive incident resolution and deliver continuous improvement to teams foundational goals 
Lead or contribute to efforts that help boost diversity and belonging on the team and beyond

Your Expertise:

3-5 years of engineering management experience, with 9 years of of relevant software development industry experience in a fast paced tech environment
Flexible in leadership style, can adapt to a variety of ways of working depends on the situation 
Experience working on user facing product surfaces, especially in search related product areas
Strong product and design sense, can spot potential usability issues, provide alternative solutions and collaborate effectively with product, design and user research partners 
Strong communication skill and ability to influence decisions from a wide variety of stakeholders 
Technical leadership: expertise in fullstack development and experience leading cross platform team(s), bonus if experienced in performance optimization  latency
Experience fostering an inclusive and engaging team environment
Able to identify, retain, grow and acquire critical talent

How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The starting base pay for this role is between 200,000.00 and 245,000.00. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  
Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range200,000—245,000 USD