Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Difference You will Make:
We are seeking a skilled and experienced Senior Guest Experience Manager  to cater to the unique travel needs and preferences of high-profile clientele, including celebrities, influencers and other notable figures. The ideal candidate is an ambitious, organized, customer focused individual with a passion for ultra-luxury travel, interested in developing their sales career. You have sales and travel destination knowledge, excellent communication skills, and are motivated by qualifying guest needs into impeccable recommendations that will provide them with a perfect stay experience.
Please note that this role is a 12-month contract position.  We request that you submit your resumeCV application in English.
A Typical Day: 

Provide sound knowledge of Airbnb Luxe homes and destinations to guests. Qualify guest needs and provide creative (even off-platform) solutions.
Provide personalized and discreet services while ensuring a high level of guest satisfaction and maintaining confidentiality at all times.
Interface with multiple stakeholders, including the guest, travel coordinators, luxury home owners, realtors and other travel suppliers, from the guests initial contact to the time of booking. This includes finding appropriate accommodations (either on or off platform), responding timely to inquiries and follow up questions, securing the reservation, collecting payment, elevating the stay experience, and following up with the client pre-trip, on-trip and post-trip.
Ensure all trip arrangements are executed flawlessly, taking into account potential last-minute changes and unforeseen circumstances.
Meet andor exceed key sales and service performance indicators.
Act as a point of contact and support for guests during travel, addressing any issues or emergencies that may arise.
Establish and maintain relationships with luxury home owners, real estate, villa and other travel-related vendors to ensure high-quality service and preferential treatment for notable guests.
Provide accurate cost estimates for travel arrangements and manage budgets according to guest expectations.
Negotiate favorable rates, services and amenities with vendors while adhering to the guests financial preferences.

Your Expertise:

8 years of relevant work experience
Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Hospitality, Tourism, or a related field (preferred)
Passionate, well versed and proven experience in luxury travel, hospitality, real estate or villa specialists. Global travel destination knowledge is preferred.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English; French language skills a plus
Proven solution selling skills, with the natural ability to overcome objections. An overriding sense of urgency and a competitive spirit towards achievement of targets.
Professional demeanor, maturity, and natural business acumen with exceptionally high level of customer service.
In-depth knowledge of the entertainment industry, including travel requirements, preferences, and schedules.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with an ability to build rapport and trust with high-profile clients.
Experience using CRM systems, i.e. Salesforce
Proven organizational skills which are reflected in effective prioritizing, multitasking, follow-up, and ultimate delivery upon commitments.
Ability to work under pressure and adapt to changing situations.
Discretion and respect for client privacy and confidentiality.

 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.