Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
The mission of the Airbnb Global Safety  Security (GSS) team is to ensure the safety and security of our Airfam as well as provide peace of mind for Airbnbs global community through proactive security risk management.  You will work with seasoned professionals who have extensive experience developing, implementing and leading world class security programs, to include Global Security Operations, Global Security Intelligence Center, Law Enforcement Operations, Risk Intelligence, Trust  Safety Advisory Coalition, Executive Protection, Global Travel Risk Management, Global Special Events, and Global Threat Assessment Program.
The Difference You Will Make:
The Insider Risk Prevention Investigator reports directly to the Insider Risk Prevention Program Manager, and will be responsible for identifying potential threats against Airbnb and its workforce from internal and external actors and operationalizing strategies to mitigate those threats to protect Airbnbs workforce, assets and reputation.  We are seeking an experienced investigator who can work successfully with cross-functional teams, including but not limited to Talent, Employee Relations, Legal, Cybersecurity and Technology, as well as external partners. The successful candidate must be a highly motivated individual with strong interpersonal skills able to leverage their behavioral threat analysis and insider threat experience to manage multiple priorities in a fast-paced environment. 
A Typical Day: 

Identify, assess, and investigate insider risk incidents and behaviors of concern, providing mitigation recommendations for highly complex problems.
Develop and coordinate investigative plans using open source intelligence and technical tools to gather evidence. 
Conduct sensitive interviews of victims, witnesses and persons of interest during investigations, both virtually and in person.
Document investigative results in an articulate manner utilizing case management software to ensure accurate reporting, tracking and documentation of workplace violence incidents and behaviors of concern through the entire lifecycle of the incident. 
Participant and partner with stakeholders to identify new opportunities and solutions that will aid in the mitigation of insider risks.
Conduct comprehensive after action reviews to identify and implement best practices and lessons learned. 
Develop and maintain relationships with multi-disciplinary teams comprised of Talent, Employee Relations, Legal, Cybersecurity and Technology, business leaders and external partners.
Develop and refine associated policies, procedures and other documentation that are in accordance with data privacy and legal requirements and expectations.
Provide program analytics and case management to enable the detection, identification, and assessment of concerning behaviors and develop strategies to mitigate risks identified.
Communicate complex insider risk threat issues in a way that is understandable to cross functional partners who may have limited experience in the field.

Your Expertise:

8 - 10 years relevant work experience in law enforcement supporting an insider risk program andor conducting complex threat or counterintelligence investigations, formulating threat assessments, and developing mitigation strategies and techniques.
Experience interviewing insider risk actors, witnesses and impacted individuals
Familiarity with industry standards of workplace investigations and practices related to the confidentiality and integrity of information
Experience identifying, responding, and investigating anomalous behaviors that could be precursors to high severity insider risk events. 
Experience navigating complex  matrixed business organizations and influencing across cross-functional teams
A proven track record of working collaboratively with subject matter experts on cross-functional teams, balancing disparate priorities, and building consensus in high-stress situations
An executive presence with outstanding communication skills including written, verbal and presentation skills 
Ability to work non traditional hours (e.g., nights, weekends or holidays) and respond to emergent or time-sensitive situations.
Willingness and ability to travel domestically and internationally up to 10 - 20 of the time
Demonstrated commitment to Airbnbs core values

Preferred Qualifications:

Direct experience as an insider risk program manager in industry or government
Strong comprehension of digital investigation and forensic techniques.
Behavioral Threat Assessment or Forensic Behavioral Science experience
Essentials of Workplace Violence Prevention and Intervention Programs Certifications
Counter-Insider Threat Professional Certifications andor CERT Insider Threat Program Manager Certification
Experience collaborating with various insider threat technical experts as well as data analytics platforms
Professional membership with Association of Threat Assessment Professionals (ATAP), ASIS and OSAC.

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range125,000—150,000 USD