Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
Airbnbs Marketing organization are storytellers, creators and relentless community champions, responsible for sharing the Airbnb love around the world by creating magical, memorable, shareable experiences that inspire and grow our community.
The Difference You Will Make:
Located in Mexico and as the Latam Connections  Media Activation Lead, you will be accountable for the ingenuity, effectiveness and efficiency of the Media plans that are developed and activated across the region (with a particular focus on Latam) in support of our business objectives. To do this will require close collaboration with teams across Airbnb, including Regional Brand Marketing, Growth Marketing, Measurement  Analytics, Consumer Insights, FPA (Financial Planning and Analysis), Data Science, Social and Corporate Communications teams. You must be laser focused on outcomes, holding both our agencies and co-workers to deliver optimum value for our investments, defining KPIs, and tasking those responsible for excellence in activation. You will also have a keen eye on how to best leverage media in order to enhance the creative story, influencing asset production and formats, flagging opportunities and testing new ideas.
You will need to be able to see the big picture, visualizing the impact that the breadth of our activity has on our target audience, and co-create the Media principles by which we operate, while being able to review and advise on the minutiae of our plans. 
In this role, you will report to the Head of Media. 
A Typical Day:

Manage the regional relationship with our global media agencies of record. 
Work with the marketing and cross-functional teams based throughout the region to ensure cohesive regional media strategies focused around internally-aligned go-to-market approaches. Emphasis on optimizing for media efficiency, creative execution, local relevance and campaign objectives.
Partner with a global media team, based in NA, EMEA and APAC, to develop truly nuanced and culturally relevant media strategies worldwide. Inspire and enable the team to maximize quality of work and augment their capabilities.
Manage development of global campaigns from media strategy through campaign execution and reporting. Areas of focus include media planning, media mix development, media planning  buying, performance measurement, budget management, online tracking, buy evaluation, and optimization.
Support budget and strategy planning with global teams, working closely with Financial Planning (FPA) and Marketing Leadership.
Foster an environment for cross-departmental collaboration by working effectively with Brand  Product Marketing, Creative, Finance, Growth Marketing, and Corporate Communication teams.
Manage and nurture media talent.

Your Expertise:

Passion for travel and all things Airbnb. Experience hosting on the site is a huge plus.
10 years experience at digital, advertising or media agencies andor experience managing media at a client business — preferably in the consumer internet space in travel, design, technology, or lifestyle brands.
Experience with leading plan development from beginning to end with little oversight. Must be able to think holistically but also ensure the details are addressed.
In-depth knowledge of the efficacy of all media channels, with a proven track record in digital, social, television and other offline media. 
Deep understanding of market trends and fluency with brand measurement metrics and analytics.
Passion for understanding the various consumer segments by market and their media behaviors is essential.
Experience in managing Global media programs and evaluating strategic, local media partners.
Ability to lead, influence and work across organizational boundaries with a track record of building excellent relationships with a broad range of peers and executives across global markets.
A track record of achievements in dramatically improving media performance and tracking performance against KPIs. Proven experience using media to drive growth of a consumer product at global scale.
Consumer insights and data-driven.
Willingness to take risks and challenge traditional approaches
Fluency in English and Spanish is required
This position will require occasional travel within LATAM and other locations globally.

Your Location:
This position is based in Mexico. The role will include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.