Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
Airbnbs Legal Department is a global team that will require working with diverse international colleagues around the world. The successful candidate will be someone who is adaptable, collaborative and embodies Airbnbs Core Values. Candidates will be required to approach complex legal issues with a balance for local and global perspectives, while being adaptable to cultural differences and nuances. A genuine and demonstrated interest in Airbnb and a commitment to ethics, integrity and fostering a workplace that emphasizes diversity and belonging is a must.
The Difference You Will Make:
Airbnb is seeking a business-oriented Senior Privacy Counsel with deep experience in the GDPR and European privacy laws to join our growing legal team.  The role may be based remote within preferred locations Ireland, the United Kingdom, or Spain. 
You will play a critical role within our global privacy team, and work across multiple global teams and regions providing support and advice to Airbnbs business  product teams.  You must have excellent judgment in balancing legal risks with business strategy and a proven ability to learn new areas of law and function independently in a demanding fast-paced environment. Were looking for a highly adaptable and collaborative person who can handle ambiguity and rapidly shifting priorities with flexibility, patience, and poise.
A Typical Day: 

Provide focused and pragmatic advice on the implementation and impact of global privacy laws to our Chief Privacy Officers team.
Drive compliance strategies for the GDPR, and other European data privacy and personal information collection rules, regulations and standards.
Collaborate with legal colleagues responsible for strategy around our interactions with European data protection authorities to ensure that regulatory requirements are properly incorporated into product development.
Assist product lawyers, product managers, and engineers, in evaluating the impact of privacy laws, regulatory guidance and enforcement actions, and other related guidelines on product features;
Provide support on a wide variety of privacy issues as needed such as DPIAs, international data transfers, marketing-related privacy issues such as consent requirements and cookie compliance.
Help draft and oversee the development and management of Airbnbs terms and data policies.

Your Expertise:

Qualified as a lawyer in at least one EU jurisdiction, preferably with one or more CIPP certifications.
At least 7 years post-qualification experience, with significant relevant privacydata protection law experience at a law firm, in-house or in a Data Protection Authority. Ideally, you would also have relevant in-house experience in a multinational, preferably in the tech  digital space.
Strong academic credentials.
Substantive knowledge and demonstrated expertise in global data protection law, in particular relevant laws in the EEA.
Exceptional ability to consistently deliver creative, thoughtful and business-oriented results that appropriately balance growth and risk in a fast-paced and high-pressure environment.
Intellectually curious, open-minded, adaptable, comfortable with ambiguity and risk, and excited by dynamic change and solving problems.
Ability to work both collaboratively and autonomously while prioritizing competing tasks in a fast-paced, challenging environment.
Willingness to work outside of traditional hours in order to collaborate with colleagues based around the world.
High level of integrity, professionalism, intellectual curiosity, sense of humor, and willingness to grow.
Fluency in English is essential. Additional languages are a significant advantage.

 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.