Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
We are looking for a Lead on Advanced Analytics team to help Airbnb enable travel for our millions of guests and hosts on our platform. This role will support the Marketing team. 
The Difference You Will Make:

Data thought partner to product and business leaders across marketplace teams through providing insights, recommendations, and enabling data informed decisions.  
Drive day to day product analytics and create scalable data tools
Develop a deep understanding of how guests and hosts interact with our payments platform and how we can manage our risk while meeting our regulatory compliance requirements, through structured and unstructured data sources.

A Typical Day: 

Develop a deep understanding of how Airbnb can acquire new hosts or new guests via email, push, SEO, and other channels.
Partner closely with marketing and product leaders to design, execute and evaluate AB tests. Understand common pitfalls and caveats when designing and evaluating results. 
Define how to best measure the performance of Airbnb products and business through new metrics and dimensions -  align on definitions with the business (evaluating  tradeoffs and defining guardrails), and prototype metrics through custom data pipelines.
Empower the team to answer data questions quickly and easily by building high-quality ground truth data sets and dashboards. Collaborate with Product Engineering to spec out logging and with Analytics Engineering to build data tools for mass consumptions within Airbnb.
Contribute towards advancing the Analytics and Data Science disciplines at Airbnb, including driving data best practices such as improving and automating analytical processes, building new data tools and data sets, data education around the company and mentoring and developing others.

Your Expertise:

5 years in industry experience and a degree (Masters or  PhD is a plus) in a quantitative field (e.g., Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Data Science, Operations Research).
Expert communication and collaboration skills with the ability to work effectively with internal teams in a cross-cultural and cross-functional environment. Ability to conduct rigorous analysis and communicate conclusions to both technical and non-technical audiences
Experience partnering with internal teams to drive action and providing expertise and direction on analytics, data science, experimental design, and measurement
Experience in analysis of AB experiments and statistical data analysis 
Experience designing and building metrics, from conception to building prototypes with data pipelines
Strong knowledge  in at least one programming language (Python or R) and in SQL
Ability to drive data strategies, with a central source of truth to impact business decisions
Knowledge and experience in payments processes, systems and tools - preferred
Knowledge and experience in riskcompliance processes and data needs - preferred

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Airbnb,Inc. can employ in  states where we have registered entities. Currently, employees can not be located in: Alaska, Indiana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, Wisconsin, Alabama, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Delaware and Rhode Island. This list is continuously  evolving and being updated, please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from. 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range155,000—180,000 USD