Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
Are you passionate about driving the success of a global business in the dynamic and fast-paced world of corporate communications? If so, we have the perfect opportunity for you! 
As the Corporate Communications Manager for UK  Ireland, you will play a central role in shaping and executing the communications strategy for one of the biggest markets for Airbnb globally. The ideal candidate is a self-starter and a team player who is deeply immersed in the media landscape, not just in the UK, but also has a global perspective.
Joining our Northern European Communications team based in our vibrant London office, you will have the chance to work closely with the local policy team and regional news team, forging strong partnerships and ensuring a positive reputation and favorability for Airbnb in the UK  Ireland market.
The Difference You Will Make:
This is not your average Corporate Communications role. You will have the opportunity to drive impactful projects and campaigns, manage a busy press office, and engage directly with journalists. With your established media contacts in the UK, you will be at the forefront of shaping the narrative and telling Airbnbs story in the region.
Your work will be diverse and exciting, from managing media inquiries and coordinating high-profile events to gathering compelling stories from our amazing community of hosts. You will have the freedom to develop and deliver innovative communications plans that showcase the benefits of sharing your home and traveling on Airbnb.
If you thrive in a fast-paced environment, love building relationships, and have a passion for driving positive change, this role is made for you. Join us in shaping the future of Airbnbs corporate and policy communications in the UK  Ireland market!
A Typical Day:

Work closely with the UK team to develop robust and effective corporate and policy communications strategies that create positive awareness in the UK  Ireland
Manage the UK  Ireland press office and handling all reactive Corporate  Policy enquiries
Understand the media market and develop relationships with key reporters
Development of monthly coverage reports, evaluating and measuring coverage impact 
Help draft written materials - story pitches, press releases, messaging guidelines, QAs, briefs, presentations, speeches etc
Support with briefings for media interviews and public speaking engagements
Work closely and seamlessly with the consumer comms team and the European policy and communications teams
Work closely with the wider UK business to create shared success in the market
Support with management of the UK XTwitter handle 

Your Expertise:

6-8 years experience working in policy and corporate communications in an agency, inhouse or in high level public administrations 
Some experience with working on communications initiatives involving trust, crisis, policy, regulatory, corporate and financial matters
Have an expert knowledge of the challenging and compelling UK media landscape 
Ability to work collaboratively with multi-functional leads in a matrix organisation 
Fluent English, spoken and written
Excellent writing and strong verbal communications and interpersonal skills
Experience in media relations with an established media network
Experience working on projects in a fast-paced environment
Maintaining enthusiasm and a calm demeanor in stressful situations
Passion for Airbnb and the mission of the company

Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.