Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Difference You Will Make:
As a Market Manager, you will be responsible for the growth of a book of business in your assigned territories by managing professional host accounts and supply acquisition of high quality inventory. You will build Airbnbs strong market presence in your assigned region in collaborating with other teams as the local in-market expert. As someone who knows the Airbnb mission and values inside out, you will drive all phases of supply acquisition and market success, including acquisition strategy development, generating and converting supply leads, and strategic partners relationship management. You will help develop and iterate scalable, localized supply strategy in your territory.
A Typical Day: 

Build and manage partner relationships within assigned territory
Directly manage accounts to meet and exceed quarterlyannual sales goals 
Analyze data and utilize data-driven recommendations to identify and action on strategic opportunities in your region to drive increase in sales
Prospect and onboard new, high quality supply in your assigned geography
Maintain a baseline understanding of the technical integration of various software partners so that you can provide the right support to your clients
Represent Airbnb in external meetings with Professional Hosts and at industry conferences in your market 
Educate clients on all significant product changes and cascade feedback on product and policy to the relevant internal stakeholders
Hold regular optimization calls and business reviews with your partners
Develop strong and long lasting partnerships
Develop deep knowledge of your assigned geographic markets and become the go-to source for all information relating to local trends and market dynamics for internal and external partners 
Respond to and deliver exceptional service to your professional hosts  in a timely and efficient manner, occasionally traveling to your market to provide in-person support and guidance
Work cross-functionally with product, communications, public policy and customer support teams to ensure our long-term market success.

Your Expertise:

6 years of experience in new sales, account management and partner support
2 years of hospitalitytravel industry experience (nice to have)
Strong time management and prioritization skills
Proven track record of being able to effectively work a leads pipeline andor a book of business
Excellent communication and presentation skills and ability to communicate effectively with clients via phone, email, and in-person
Proficient quantitative skills and proven ability to interpret and apply data throughout your day-to-day work
The ability to get things done with constantly changing priorities, projects and deadlines
Available to travel to assigned markets
Passion for Airbnb, travel, and the sharing economy - being an Airbnb host is a plus
Proven experience working cross-functionally
Ability to work at both strategic and tactical levels, with a proven track record to execute in ambiguous environments;
Ability to work within tight deadlines, adjust to changes in priorities, and balance short-term needs with long-term strategic initiatives;
Highly proficient in using CRM software, specifically in working with leads, opportunities and other core objects - Salesforce experience is a plus
Charismatic self-starter who is resourceful and self-sufficient;

Your Location:
Due to the nature of this position, the successful applicant will need to be based in the State of Washington or in the State of Oregon to be able to conduct their work. Currently, employees can not be located in: Alaska, Indiana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, Wisconsin, Alabama, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Delaware and Rhode Island. This list is continuously being updated, please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list.  If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from. 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range100,000—121,600 USD