Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
Reporting to the Senior Marketing Lead, APAC, the Senior Marketing Lead, Japan will manage all marketing efforts in Japan. You will be responsible for supporting and implementing marketing programs to establish a strong brand voice and drive profitable growth, working collaboratively with cross-functional teams such as PRcommunications, growth marketing, creative  design, product marketing, public policy, legal and country leadership to bring marketing campaigns to life. This is an excellent chance to build something from the ground up.
The Difference You Will Make:
In addition to exceptional discipline expertise and being highly detail-oriented, the successful candidate will demonstrate a natural disposition to hosting in their daily activities and a passion for creativity and design.
A Typical Day:

Develop local Japan marketing plans for greatest business and brand impact, in accordance with consumer understanding, seasonality, maximized earned media, community engagement, and brand health metrics.
Partner with global and regional marketing and creative teams to drive the development and transcreation of global brand campaigns.
Collaborate across functions, markets and regions, to develop highly effective, creatively excellent integrated marketing campaigns, including but not limited to: advertising, social, digital and experiential conception, development and production, media strategy, execution, optimization, and program reporting, ensuring all marketing activities feel local and personal.
Lead the management of local agency partners, fostering best-in-class and highly productive partnerships.
Effectively manage multiple projects, and navigate ambiguity with ease.
Enable and support localization, ensuring all marketing activities are both globally consistent and locally relevant.
Manage analytics and reporting for brand health and marketing activities working closely with global and regional marketing, internal media teams, FPA and marketing analytic teams.
Organize and manage regular routines across disciplines. Ensure seamless flow of information between global, regional  local teams.
Conduct and disseminate regular AARs (after action reviews) on projects including results, lessons learned and best practices to global, regional and local internal and external partners.
Manage and track brand marketing budgets and ensure effective budget use, meeting or exceeding efficiency targets.
Work with APAC  Global finance and operations on budget forecasting and actualizing; ensuring timely SOWs and contracts with partners at all times; provide regular activity updates and reconciliations.

Your Expertise:

12 years of relevant work experience at a start-up, agency or client-side marketing, with preference in the consumer internet space of travel, design, technology, or lifestyle brands.
An integrated marketing mindset, passion for creative excellence in storytelling through multiple media types, both visual and written, with solid experience in brand and creative strategy, off- and online media, including social, paid media, SEM, measurement  analytics, project and agency management.
Strong understanding of and experience working closely with product andor growth marketing.
Collaborative in approach, empathetic in nature, and steadfast in intention. 
Appetite for a fast-paced environment and desire to constantly reassess and optimize.
Excellent written and oral communication in both Japanese and English language, a keen visual sense and high attention to detail.
Solid and proven leadership capabilities, building teams  networks, and communicating across national boundaries a must.
Proactive desire to understand and take pride in how their work contributes to the bigger picture.
Ability to work within tight deadlines, adjust quickly to changes in priorities, and balance short-term needs with long-term strategic initiatives. Ability to simplify is key!
Proven track record of developing, executing and executing high impact, multi-channel marketing strategies and campaigns. 
Comfort collaborating with both creative and technical teams and has the ability to flex between analytical, technical and creative skill sets.
Ability to discern what good creative, design, content and marketing looks like and articulate why.

 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.