Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
 
The Community Support Platform China team is a full function team established in Beijing, China, responsible for business and services related to global community support. The CSP China team aims to provide guestshosts with unified and complete solutions for appeals tracking, coordinating and resolving. Solving the problems encountered by customers in different scenarios with high quality and efficiency, and continuously improving customer experience.
 
The Difference You Will Make:
 
As a Senior Staff Engineer, you are the most seasoned individual contributor on the Community Support Platform China team. You will be setting high standards for the entire team across engineering practice, architecture design, technical excellence, and prioritization. You will be leading by example in delivering results at these high standards on a daily basis. You will be empowering the entire team to continuously perfect capabilities, and consistently execute at the highest level. As a mentor in both technical and professional development, you will be playing a crucial role in the growth of many talented software engineers.
 
A Typical Day: 

Proactively take initiatives to drive for technical excellence and engineering maturity over the scope of the team. 
Build relationships and drive alignment with stakeholders within Community Support and across external teams. Build and leverage your influence as a highly-respected  individual contributor to drive for positive impacts.  
Communicate difficult or complex concepts and decisions clearly and effectively with multiple stakeholders across various functions. 
Provides critical guidance and input in prioritization of engineering undertakings and  tradeoffs.
Mentor and guide junior managers and engineers, fostering their technical growth and professional development.

 
Your Expertise:

BS, MS or Ph.D. in Computer Science or related field
12 years of relevant experience in the tech industry; 4 years of experience in an Architect or Staff Engineer role, with ownership responsibility over large-scale software systems.
Engineering management experience is a plus, but not required.
Hands-on experience with designing, implementing and shipping large-scale, high-performance software systems.
A track record of complex, high-quality system architecture designs, combined with a passion for perfecting user experience and contributing to product strategy.  The ability to take both system and product considerations in your decisions is crucial.
A commitment to coach and mentor, with experience of owning and fostering engineering maturity and tech culture, in multiple organizations.
Excellent communication ability to thrive in a fast-moving environment supporting a rapidly growing business, effectively operating in ambiguity and creating alignments with multiple teams.
A proven track record of fostering a culture of strong commitment to engineering quality and excellence.
A proven track record of fostering a culture of Diversity and Belonging, within the organization and across the tech community. 
Fully proficiency of communication in both Chinese and English language.

 
Your Location
 
This position is China - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Your recruiter will inform you what cities you are able to work from depending on your personal legal working identity and Airbnb internal policies.

Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging
 
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
