Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:

You will join the Biztech Systems Engineering team at Airbnb responsible for supporting the hosting environment of internal staff and applications.
The team is responsible for designing, building, operationalizing, and providing advanced support for various platforms, while maintaining tools and services that support hosting, deployment and operations.
Key cross-functional partners include senior leaders, application and operation managers in Biztech, and professional staff across other teams.

The Difference You Will Make:

Success in the role includes meeting SLA goals on requests, corrective actions, and security tasks.
You will make a measurable improvement in infrastructural costs, deployment times, reliability, availability, and other measures, both within the team function as well as the organization at large.
You will accelerate productivity by consulting and enabling self-service automated solutions to manage and deploy applications faster with low friction.
You will design and iteratively improve Biztech infrastructure components and team managed applications via automation.
You will assist teams that do not have systems engineering resources deploy applications.
You will create clear and accurate documentation on Biztech infrastructure and processes for fault tolerance, resilience, change management, and business continuity. Present operational training and support ownership hand-off to peersorganizational units.

A Typical Day: 

Overall, 50 of the time will be spent on project tasks and 50 on operational support tasks.
Hands on coding for infrastructure changes 
A typical day will involve reviewing outstanding task deadlines (operational, security, project, etc.).
Specific day-to-day responsibilities will include developing and maintaining infrastructure, responding to issues, designing and executing projects, and documenting systems and services. You will write, review code, prepare and implement change management plans. 
This role will collaborate with cross-functional partners to develop and maintain infrastructure and provide support.  
You may be on-call, responding to incidents, triaging the request intake. 

Your Expertise:

You have 8 years of experience in infrastructure provisioning and management.
You are an expert in designing, implementing, and maintaining highly available and scalable infrastructure using containerization technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, and AWS Elastic Kubernetes Service.
You have expertise in one or more of Terraform, Ansible, Helm, Chef, Puppet.
You are experienced in designing and implementing CICD pipelines and maintaining tooling applications.
You have a broad capability in managing and supporting Linux and Windows Operating systems and their infrastructure.
You are proficient in general-purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Python, JavaScript, Ruby, or Go.
You can demonstrate both tactical and strategic technical plan development, project management skills and delegation capabilities.
You have experience contributing to Open Source, speaking, blogging, or coordinating groups of technical individuals.
You have experience with, and inclination for, operating and executing as part of a distributed team using asynchronous workflows and communications.
Preferred unique skill-sets include experience with AWS, Google Cloud Platform, Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, or Azure, and experience with fault tolerance, resilience, and change management.
Travel is infrequent, in regard to Airbnb gatherings. 

This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range155,000—199,000 USD