Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
The Media Foundation team is at the forefront of building infrastructural and user-facing product solutions for all of Airbnbs frontend media needs. Joining the team, you will work closely with a skilled, cross-functional group of innovative and passionate individuals, collaborating on projects ranging from Airbnbs custom video player and Media SDK to motion animation, audio, and AI  ML integrations to enhance user experiences throughout Airbnb.
The Difference You Will Make:
As a Senior Android Software Engineer, your expertise will be pivotal in developing and optimizing media solutions for the Airbnb Android app. You will work closely with a team of cross-platform engineers with collective expertise in web, native, and backend development to define and shape the future of Airbnbs media solutions. Your contributions will directly impact the user experience, ensuring seamless and engaging media experiences for millions of hosts and guests worldwide. 
You will also work closely with feature teams across the company to enable more intuitive, faster, and beautiful guest and host-facing product experiences. If you have a product-oriented mindset and love to live at the intersection of product and platform, this role is for you. 
A Typical Day: 

Design, develop, and refine media-related features for the Airbnb Android app, ensuring high-quality and performant user experiences
Work closely with engineers from product teams across Airbnb, understanding their productivity and feature pain points and building media solutions to resolve them scalably and flexibly.
Partner with designers, working collaboratively to provide and receive constructive feedback towards beautiful and performant media products.
Continuously optimize and improve the performance and reliability of existing media infrastructure.
Stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends, technologies, and best practices in Android development and media processing
Mentor and guide team members in their career development, fostering a culture of continuous learning and growth

Your Expertise:

5-9 years of experience in Android software development, with a strong focus on media-related technologies (e.g. media processing libraries  frameworks, knowledge of industry standards and best practices for media encoding and compression, and a passion for creating engaging user experiences through media)
Expertise building and maintaining high-performance and scalable consumer Android applications using Kotlin, Java, andor Jetpack Compose.
Excellent problem-solving, debugging, and optimization skills
Strong collaboration and communication abilities, with the ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams.
Bachelors andor Masters degree, preferably in CS, or equivalent experience

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Airbnb,Inc. can employ in  states where we have registered entities. Currently, employees can not be located in: Alaska, Indiana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, Wisconsin, Alabama, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Delaware and Rhode Island. This list is continuously  evolving and being updated. Please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range185,000—221,000 USD