Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community you will join: 
Airbnbs mission is to create a world where people can Belong Anywhere. As we grow to achieve that mission, were looking to add a technical, hands-on, and mission-driven Senior Staff Technical Program Manager (TPM) to the team to lead all of our Data programs. Data plays a key role in Airbnbs success, driving both our innovation and operations. As a Senior Technical Program Manager, youll collaborate with various technical leaders to successfully deliver major programs across all of Engineering to ensure we have the data we need to support our most critical use cases (e.g. AIML, Product Decision Making). As one of the Technology organizations top 3 priorities, you will have a huge impact on many teams and the broader company. 
The Difference You Will Make: 
We are looking for candidates who share our passion for tackling complexity, and delivering predictable and consistent results.   This person should have a strong sense of ownership and ability to think and work strategically with stakeholders. 
A Typical Day: 

Support the teams to deliver work across multiple tracks with high quality by streamlining the teams practices and processes, and optimizing ways of working.
Think both broadly about overall outcomes while using good judgment on where to focus in on details 
Influence the technical direction of projects to meet the data stakeholders needs while upholding quality. Quickly validate project ideas through iterative development, and pivot as necessary.
Showcase the teams work in front of senior leaders, clearly communicate trade-offs, risks, and opportunities to a broad set of stakeholders
Proactively share context with the team, and help the team connect the dots of their work with broader company and organizational initiatives
Be able to answer questions about ongoing initiatives, architecture and systems, staffing, and priorities
Support other data TPMs working on related tracks of work 

Your Expertise:

Experience leading programs involving scalable, reliable big data, streaming, and data analytics platforms
Demonstrated ability to work through ambiguity to detailed solutions. You can take a vague problem, crisply frame the challenge, identify a path forward, and drive an initiative over the finish-line.
Self-motivated, proactive and proven ability to adapt well and work with teams having different operating cadences.
Sound business judgment, a proven ability to influence others, strong analytical skills, and a track record of taking ownership, leading data driven analyses, and influencing results
Experience fine tuning processes that speed work up, and flexibility to get things done.
Detail-oriented and able to understand the bigger picture by using your technical expertise and problem solving abilities to prioritize and manage blocking issues.
Experience working in a highly cross-functional environment where communication with multiple functions (Privacy, Product, Engineering, Data Science) is imperative.
Experience working with both online and offline systems
Ability to ramp up quickly and learn new technologies with minimal lag time.
Excellent written and oral business communication and people skills, with the ability to influence stakeholders.
At least 13 years of work experience, with at least 11 years as a TPM or relevant experience 

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Airbnb,Inc. can employ in  states where we have registered entities. Currently, employees can not be located in: Alaska, Indiana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, Alabama, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Delaware and Rhode Island. This list is continuously  evolving and being updated, please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from. 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
If you need assistance, or a reasonable accommodation during the application and recruiting process, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range220,000—270,000 USD