Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
At Airbnb, we want to build a world where anyone can belong anywhere  and the first step in that direction is creating a community thats open, inclusive, and built on trust. In a world where our digital presence and identity is as important as our physical presence, we believe that a fundamental part of earning this trust is by ensuring that we protect our users human right to Privacy on our platform. At Airbnb, we envision a future where our highly trusted privacy practices and world-class privacy user experience will be part of the reason users chose us over the competition.
The Difference You Will Make:
We are looking for a Senior Manager to lead Information Securitys Program Management Function. You will partner with the Information Security team along with cross-functional engineering and business organizations to achieve the strategic priorities that secure Airbnb.
Airbnb is built on trust. The Information Security team plays a critical role in maintaining and building our communitys trust in our platform that enables millions of users to explore the world and belong anywhere. As a critical horizontal function within Airbnb, Information Security spans the scope of the company and organizations that make it up to secure Airbnb. We are looking for an experienced leader with a track record of building technical program management functions across multiple regions to support the mission and objectives that protect Airbnb.
A Typical Day: 

Support, scale, and advance Technical and Security Program Management functions from past experience at equivalent size, scope, scale, and technically complex companies comparable to Airbnb now and into the future.
Provide strategic approaches and methodologies across the lifecycle of program management to bring unity to multi-functional program roadmaps and strategies to realize long range strategies and holding your team accountable to achieve the same.
Drive and support teams who drive technical and in-domain security programs with high visibility and breadth across the entire company.
Work through ambiguity to detailed solutions while supporting your teammates and others to do the same. You can and support others to take a vague problem, crisply frame the challenge, whats being solved for, identify a path forward, and drive an initiative over the finish-line. 
You have a demonstrated ability to see the interconnectedness of not only key programs within the remit of your own organization, but also that of other organizations to unify cross-functional stakeholders to deliver common programs and key initiatives.
Self-motivated, proactive and proven ability to adapt well and work with teams having different operating cadences and breadth of subject matter backgrounds.
Provide sound business judgment, a proven ability to influence others, strong analytical skills, and a track record of taking ownership, leading data driven analyses, and influencing results.
Develop processes where little exists across large organizations, and demonstrated flexibility to get things done.
Drive technology changes and programs. If the experience is in security related areas, that is ideal. 
Provide support to individuals ranging in years of experience, have grown and developed both senior and junior teammates alike with experience supporting and developing managers.

Your Expertise:

People Development: You have multiple years of experience in people management. You are an effective career coach and can provide mentorship and feedback both technically and professionally. You enjoy investing in your teammates and developing growth and career progression plans with them to help them reach their highest potential. You provide your people autonomy and in return, you expect the people you support to be self-driven and proactive.
Team Development: You are an effective leader that focuses on efficiency, quality, accountability, and delivering on and above expectations. You play an active and primary role in identifying and recruiting junior and senior candidates. You understand when to roll up your sleeves and contribute and when to delegate and grow your teammates. You have and set a vision and strategy for your functional areas while determining the people organization aspects to realize this vision.
Technical Leadership: You have experience in developing and communicating effective and pragmatic strategies that team(s) execute on. You dont wait for things to happen to you, you make things happen. You have multiple years of experience establishing andor growing Technical Program Management functions that are directly or indirectly related to Information Security domains.  You have navigated the unique challenges of maturing a program management function thats breadth of programs and key initiatives that span technical and business functions alike. You see beyond the immediate functions you support to tie together the needed practices and approaches to planning, execution, measurement, and program maturation to achieve the unified Information Security strategy at Airbnb.
Function Development: You have experience establishing and building a multi-disciplinary team in multiple regions for a global company that focuses on technical and security related programs and key initiatives. You are setting the vision, strategy, and are accountable for how Information Security will organize, plan, execute, measure, and mature its highly cross-functional programs and key initiatives working with your team, peers, leaders, and cross-functional partners to do so.
Influence  Communication: You have strong written and verbal communication skills. You can dive into the details with engineers and business partners while also speaking at the appropriate altitude when working with other organizations and leaders up to and including the executive level. You have empathy and seek to understand before being understood when communicating. This enables you to effectively identify the best path forward and influence how you approach a problem as well as how other teams may prioritize supporting your work.
Level 11 technologists typically have 12 years of industry experience with a BSMasters and 9 years with a PhD.

 
Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range235,000—300,000 USD