Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join
We have multiple positions available across the following teams:
Reservation Management - Order System
The Reservation Management team owns critical surfaces, flows, and platforms surrounding the post-booking Airbnb experience for our guests and Hosts. Within our Guest  Host organization, among other areas this team owns the systems responsible for recording all orders at Airbnb and providing a scalable foundation (Order System) for additional products such as travel insurance, Experiences, and more. With users around the world, development speed, reliability, scalability, and efficiency are our teams core concerns.
As a Reservation Management - Order System Staff Engineer, youll provide hands-on technical leadership to a team of talented, diverse software developers to operate and improve our core Reservation  Order Platform and build the groundwork for additional Airbnb products!
Cancellations
The Cancellation team within our Guest  Host organization owns the product and systems responsible for managing Guest, Host, and administrative cancellations on the platform. Some examples include Cancel by Guest, Guest rebooking, Aircover for Guests, and Cancel by Host flows  backing orchestration. Similar to the booking flow itself, most new Airbnb features and products interact with Cancellations, so defining and executing a strategy that enables both development speed and management of that complexity is a critical core competency for the team.
As a Cancellations Staff Engineer, youll work cross functionally to build and experiment in support of a top level OKRs (including revenue and conversion impacting), as well as strategy for and support of critical dependencies for some of the companys largest launches. Youll additionally be accountable to define the backend architecture  technical roadmap ensuring were building towards cancellation capabilities (not just features) and creating a framework that allows for efficiently and systematically enabling new features and capabilities on the Airbnb platform.
Reservation platform  Additional Products (RAP)RAP team owns critical services and ROS pipelines, which are the backbone of reservation related products and workflows on Airbnb platform, such as Checkout, Guest Itinerary, Cancellation, Alteration, etc. The performance of these services is critical to business continuity and success of Airbnb and is a major focus of the team. Meanwhile, RAP team is actively evolving the reservation system and purchase workflows to unlock product innovations that expands beyond the core accommodation business to Airbnb Experiences and Additional Products, such as insurance, carbon offset, etc, with the goal of defining and creating data and workflow services that can handle the complexity of purchasingstoringmodifying orders of any productservice sold on Airbnb, which makes introducing new products much more streamlined.
As a RAP team Staff Engineer, youll provide hands-on technical leadership to a team of talented, diverse software developers to operate and improve our core Reservation platform, and lead the innovation of defining and creating a more generic purchase framework for Additional Products. Product Description Page (PDP)The PDP team owns the main listing page for both Stays and Experiences that represents the middle step in the funnel for a guest progressing from search through checkout.  As part of the overall Guest  Host organization, this team is responsible for pulling data from dozens of different sources to power the overall display and merchandising of Airbnbs primary product.As a PDP Staff Engineer, youll provide hands-on technical leadership to a team of talented, diverse software developers and collaborate closely with a wide range of teams  including Search, Checkout, Listings, Users, Reviews, Pricing, Availability and others to ensure a consistent and high-quality UX for Airbnb guests.
The Difference You Will Make

Design the future state of our technical systems by combining a strategic understanding of our highest level product goals with a deep understanding of our existing systems to inform the right technical and product tradeoffs for both short and long term
Lead engineers—both inside and outside your immediate team—in building out these technical solutions
Participate in the development of product and UX requirements by engaging early and often with designers, product managers and other stakeholders to help steer teams on the most efficient path towards overall goals
Nurture a culture of technical quality from design, through code review, to production operations
Mentor other engineers in developing their technical and collaboration skills
Identify and propose solutions to problems coming in the way of technical and product engineering excellence
Collaborate with internal teams across Search, Checkout, Reservations, Host Settings, Listings, Payments, Tax, Cities, Trust and others
At the staff level, our engineers are responsible for establishing a technical vision and then delivering a solution that is flexible, always available, efficient, and scales with the needs of the business. Each individual brings their own unique skill set, experiences, thought leadership and technical expertise to solve these technical challenges for Airbnb.  

Your Expertise:

9 years of relevant software development industry experience in a fast-paced tech environment
Expertise with backend systems in large-scale service-oriented architectures
Good judgment in making tradeoffs to balance short-term business needs with long-term technical quality
Strong understanding of how deep backend systems are expressed in the UX shown to customers
End-to-end mentality that transcends team boundaries and helps find globally optimal solutions
Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a team and with teams across the engineering organization
Passionate about efficiency, availability, system quality and user experience

Your Location
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Airbnb,Inc. can be employed in states where we have registered entities. Currently, employees can not be located in: Alaska, Indiana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, Wisconsin, Alabama, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Delaware and Rhode Island. This list is continuously  evolving and being updated, please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment to Inclusion  Belonging
Airbnb is committed to working with the best and brightest people from the broadest talent pool possible. We believe a diversity of ideas fosters innovation and engagement, and allows us to attract the best people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply. If you need assistance, or a reasonable accommodation during the application and recruiting process, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range200,000—254,000 USD