Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
Airbnbs Marketing organization are storytellers, creators and relentless community champions, responsible for sharing the Airbnb love around the world by creating magical, memorable, shareable experiences that inspire and grow our community.
The Difference You Will Make:
Reporting to the Senior Marketing Lead, Americas the Sr Marketing Manager, Brazil will manage all marketing efforts in Brazil. They will be responsible for supporting and implementing marketing programs to establish a strong brand voice and drive profitable growth, working collaboratively with cross-functional teams such as PRcommunications, growth marketing, design, global marketing, public policy, legal and country leadership to bring marketing campaigns to life.
In addition to exceptional discipline expertise and being highly detail-oriented, the successful candidate will demonstrate a natural disposition to hosting in their daily activities and a passion for creativity and design.
A Typical Day: 

Develop Brazils marketing plans for the greatest business and brand impact, driven by consumer understanding, seasonality, earned media, community engagement, and brand health metrics
Collaborate across functions and regions, to develop highly effective, creatively excellent integrated marketing campaigns, including but not limited to: advertising (TV, digital, social), engagement, communications
Own end to end campaign management for Brazils regional campaigns including: campaign strategy, brief development, creative development  feedback, channel planning, tracking and post-campaign analysis.
Partner with key stakeholders in Brazil to provide them with the insights and knowledge needed to drive decisions and define strategy for the market.
Ensure communication and alignment between all cross-functional partners in Brazil, including Global Marketing, PR, Insights, FPA, Business Development, Comms, Policy and Owned Channel teams.
Oversee development of Brazils paid media plans in partnership with internal media team and external Brazilian media agency to ensure best channel mix, media optimization and measurement plans to meet our campaign goals.
Manage deployment of all paid media campaigns across channels, reviewing and approving all creative assets and media placements prior to campaign launch.
Produce campaign recaps, working closely with external agency partners and internal analytics and insights teams to uncover learnings to inform future market initiatives.
Monitor and gather insight on ongoing business performance, including key business metrics and KPIs but also market trends, competitor insights, media landscape, etc.

Your Expertise:

8 years of relevant work experience at a start-up, agency or client-side marketing, with preference in the consumer, travel, design, technology, or lifestyle brands
Written and verbal fluency in Portuguese and English a must
An integrated marketing mindset, passion for creative excellence in storytelling through multiple media types, both visual and written, with solid experience in brand and creative strategy, off- and online media, including social, paid media, measurement  analytics, project and agency management.
Experience in adopting globally developed creative and localizing for regional relevancy
Experience partnering with and managing media agencies
Knowledge of both owned and paid media channels, including: social, digital, OOH, TV, OTT, OLV, Audio, SEM, email, PR and push.
Outstanding communication and presentation skills; able to articulate a vision, strategy and idea clearly and succinctly
Collaborative in approach, empathetic in nature, and steadfast in intention
Appetite for a fast-paced environment and desire to constantly reassess and optimize.
Proactive desire to understand and take pride in how their work contributes to the bigger picture
Ability to work within tight deadlines, adjust quickly to changes in priorities, and balance short-term needs with long-term strategic initiatives.
The ability to work at both strategic and tactical levels
Knowledge of Tableau, SQL or data analysis is a plus.
Proficiency in GSuite, Google Slides, sheets and Keynote required.
Passion for Airbnb and travel

Our Commitment to Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.