Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
At Airbnb, our mission is to create a world where anyone can belong anywhere. The Cloud Infrastructure team is responsible for delivering and operating the foundational platforms and cloud environment that power Airbnb. 
Airbnb is a member of the Cloud Native Compute Foundations end user community and regularly meets with peer companies to discuss cloud native engineering challenges at scale.
The Difference You Will Make:
As a software engineer on this team, youll work on the fundamental infrastructure components that all other teams at Airbnb build upon, such as our compute platform, cloud services, service mesh, cloud provisioning and networking stack. With users around the world, reliability, scalability, efficiency and high availability are our teams core concerns. 
A Typical Day: 

Build cutting edge cloud native infrastructure on top of the public cloud.
Deliver frameworks and platforms that are secure, efficient, mature and highly available that abstract away infrastructure complexity.
Optimize existing systemsservices to improve performance and efficiency.
Systematically improve availability by applying industry and distributed systems best practices.
Work with other talented and friendly infrastructure engineers to build the foundation for Airbnbs technical growth over the next decade.

Your Expertise:

9 years of industry experience (andor relevant academic experience)
Experience leading and shipping large scope technical projects in collaboration with multiple experienced engineers.
Expertise with a public cloud provider (AWS, GCP, Azure) and their infrastructure as a service offering (e.g. EC2).
Familiarity with container and orchestration technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes.
You are a full-cycle developer: strong ownership and experience building and operating  high-scale, distributed systems across the full software life cycle.
You have excellent communication skills and the ability to work well within a team and across engineering teams.
You are a strong problem solver and have solid production debugging skills.
You are passionate about efficiency, availability, quality and system quality.

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application. How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range200,000—254,000 USD