Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The community you will join:
Airbnb is seeking a Communications Intern to join the France  Belgium Communications team for a full-time, 6-month internship in Paris.
The Communications team at Airbnb is responsible for telling our story around the world. Whether we are briefing the press on inspiring travel trends, highlighting unique experiences led by local hosts, or explaining how travel on our platform benefits local families and communities, we are the voice of Airbnb on a broad range of topics. 
Were a fast-growing and high-energy team with a passion for people, places, and great stories. If youd like to be part of one of the worlds greatest communications teams, come tell us your story. 
 
The difference you will make:
You will support the Communications team on internal reporting workflows such as populating weekly reports for France  Belgium, drafting the monthly France  Belgium communication reports, and keeping the communication calendars up-to-date.
Youll occasionally support our consumer communications manager on Paris 2024-related projects such as PR or influencer campaigns. 
 
A typical day:
As an intern, youll be integrated into a team where youll contribute to challenging projects. Your manager, team, and our incredible employee community will strive to be superhosts to you during the internship. We provide the support, mentorship, fun, and real world experience needed to accelerate your learning and make a real impact on our product, as Airbnb revolutionizes connection, belonging, and travel. 
This is a full-time, 6-month internship opportunity. During the internship, you can expect to:

Update the weekly communications calendar
Review internal media monitoring tools to complete internal reports
Monitor sport news and trends in the press and on social media
Create and update of project tracking tools
Support on Paris 2024-related projects including occasional onsite visits with agencies, drafting of releases, e-mails to partners or other project-related contents under senior consumer manager supervision
Participation and support on internal coordination meetings with other functions and departments

 
Your expertise:

Enrolled in the last year of a Masters degree program in a related field (Communications, Public Relations)
Fluent (written and spoken) in English and French with C1 level proficiency
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong attention to detail and ability to multitask
Proficient in Google Suite and social media platforms
Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced environment
Passion for communications and keeping up with industry trends
Previous internship experience in Public Relations or Communications

Please submit all application materials in English.
 
Our commitment to inclusion  belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the best and brightest people from the broadest talent pool possible. We believe a diversity of ideas fosters innovation and engagement, and allows us to attract the best people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply. If you need assistance, or a reasonable accommodation during the application and recruiting process, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com.