Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
The newly formed Research team drives all consumer insights, trends, competitive analysis and UX research for Airbnb. The centralized team drives decision making for product, design and other teams based on research and insights.
The Difference You will Make:
Airbnb is looking for a Consumer Insights Lead to join the Global Consumer Insights and Trends function in EMEA.  This person will join a team that looks to provoke and inspire the organization with strategic and actionable insights to help define market opportunities  obstacles; generate, refine and evaluate product  marketing launches; and monitor market performance. 
This position will be responsible for building strong relationships with key regional stakeholders  identification of regional consumer insight opportunities; being the voice of the regional consumer both within the Consumer Insights  Trends Team and the Regional Teams; and managing qualitative  quantitative consumer insight projects both globally  at the regional level; including vendor management, project design, analysis  reporting.
A Typical Day: 

Lead consumer insights and be a thought partner for key stakeholders in Europe. 
Be an indispensable partner to regional leadership by providing a strong, objective perspective on the voice of the consumer, and by identifying and prioritizing opportunities related to brand strategy, product, and marketing. 
Design, coordinate and execute strategic qualitative and quantitative research projects; involving a wide range of methodologies, such as focus groups, online tools, immersions, ethnographies, and simulated methodologies. 
Identify and implement new and innovative research techniques to address business needs. 
Oversee supplier relationships, managing scope, budget and deliverables. 
Prepares and presents research findings, through both written reports and presentations, in a concise and compelling way to client teams.
Ensure all outputs are actionable, grounded in consumer knowledge, and guided by a broader understanding of business context and implications and inspire the team to uncover the so whats of all deliverables.  
Fully leverages all market, competitor and product information to produce objective and actionable insights of market drivers, the competitive environment, promotional and treatment trends with key customer types.
Partner cohesively with the broader Insights Leadership Team across business and consumer; avoid silos and seek out ways to add value by synthesizing and collaborating across the teams. 

Your Expertise:

10 years of relevant consumer insights experience. 
A degree in the field of research, marketing or social sciences. MBA a plus.
Experience on both the client side and suppliervendor side of research a plus.
Deep experience in Europe (multiple countries), as well as global experience. 
Ability to plan, manage and facilitate both regional  global research. 
Expertise in a wide range of both qualitative and quantitative research methods.
Familiarity with advanced analytic research techniques and tools, digital understanding, as well as leading edge market research tools  methods.  
Ability to manage quant data files, run analysis on quant data (e.g., ability to weight data, run descriptive statistics, etc.), program in qualtrics, query SQL, etc. a plus. 
Be detail oriented without sacrificing a broad strategic perspective 
Excellent interpersonal skills with a positive and cooperative attitude that fosters collaboration and teamwork both inside and outside the department. 
Seasoned and strategic multitasker, with a hands-on approach and outside-the-box mentality.
Ability to make thoughtful decisions in real time to provide support and solve problems as they arise.
Comfortable in navigating and excelling in challenging environments with no playbook for success, and able to simplify. 

Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.