Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
Data represents the voice of Airbnbs users at scale. The Data Warehouse Infrastructure team is responsible for the foundational big data infrastructure, which is used by hundreds of engineers to collect, manage, and analyze data at scale. We are using open source technologies like Hadoop, Spark, Trino, Iceberg, Airflow etc.
A Typical Day:

Design and build the next generation big data compute platform to empower data ETL, analytics and machine learning at Airbnb
Operate, manage and improve the reliability, performance, observability and cost efficiency of the platform. 
Write maintainable and self-documenting code, perform code reviews.
Work on, and contribute to open source software, and have industry impact.

Your Expertise:

BSMSPhD in Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent work experience preferred.
10 years of experience working with data infrastructure, with a focus on big data technologies.
Proficiency in big data technologies such as Hadoop, Yarn, Spark, Presto Trino, Hive, and AWS EMR.
Strong programming skills in languages such as Java, Scala.
Extensive experience in designing, building, and maintaining scalable, fault-tolerant distributed systems.
Demonstrated expertise in multi-threading and concurrency programming.
Familiar with database systems, both SQL and NoSQL
Proven ability to collaborate with other teams to define system requirements, identify potential solutions, and test and integrate systems.
Capacity to troubleshoot and resolve complex data infrastructure problems.
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal.
Ability to work effectively in a team environment.

Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Airbnb,Inc. can employ in  states where we have registered entities. Currently, employees can not be located in: Alaska, Indiana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, Wisconsin, Alabama, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Delaware and Rhode Island. This list is continuously  evolving and being updated, please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range40,000—50,000 GBP