Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
The Talent Enablement Advisor is an instrumental role in Airbnbs Talent (HR) model and is uniquely positioned to deliver concrete solutions to Airbnbs workforce across EMEA. This role is responsible for ensuring Airbnb Talent services are delivered timely, accurately and with high quality across the entire employee journey.
The Difference You will Make:
Airbnbs Talent Enablement Advisor team delivers the core components of Talent services, including advising managers and employees on people matters, supporting the planning and delivery of cyclical talent programs, collaborating with EX COEs on global program delivery, partnering with functional experts on research and investigations, and supporting function specific projects, among other responsibilities and opportunities.
This is a highly cross functional role and requires strong engagement and partnership with teams across Airbnb, including business, EXHR, and globalregional teams.
A Typical Day: 

Partner with Business Talent (HRBP) teams to support the Employee ExperiencePeople strategy for the defined client group(s). Serve as a key HR point of contact for business team(s) and activities to which the Talent Enablement Advisor is aligned, and determine the best course of action to address and resolve people matters.
Gain strong understanding of the business, and business strategies and roadmaps.
Partner with Business Talent teams on function specific projects.
Intake, analyze, identify and execute plans and solutions to effectively address a broad range of employee matters. Collaborate with appropriate EX partners where needed.
Advise and coach people managers and employees on matters that require intervention and functional guidance. Help the workforce gain skills to operate effectively as business grows and scales.
Partner with Managers and employees to facilitate effective conflict resolution when needed.
Build awareness among managers and employees of EX self service support. Wherever possible, enable the workforce to effectively resolve inquiries and matters independently.
Partner with EX Centers of Expertise (COE) to plan, manage and support cyclical programs including (but not limited to) performance management, annual compensation reviews, talent reviews and employee listening. Share content and process feedback with COE teams to ensure continuous improvement.
Partner with key COE teams to ensure a stellar client experience including the Legal team to ensure compliance with employment regulations; Employee Relations on important employee matters; Total Rewards in relation to compensation and benefits clarity and guidance; Talent (HR) Ops on talent processes and programs.
Detect potential trends and patterns to inform organizational insights and contribute towards proactive planning and issue mitigation.
Understand and track key performance indicators (KPIs) and metrics to manage performance, trends and impact. 
Promote, strengthen and embed Airbnb Core Values and Diversity and Belonging across the organization.

Your Expertise:
Professional Skills  Experience

Deep experience in and knowledge of core HR disciplines, including HR Operations, Compensation, Benefits, Recruiting, Talent Management, Organization Design and Change Management. Deep expertise and experience of Employee Relations (ER) and Employment Law in France andor Italy required.
Deep understanding of how business works and how specific business teams and functions interrelate to and drive Airbnbs one company roadmap and goals.
Strong experience balancing between the big picture and driving deep into details; enjoys and thrives in working the whole stack - no assignment is too big or small.
Proven problem solving experience. Strong at analyzing and understanding core elements  of situations and developing options to solve problems effectively with high quality outcomes.
Well developed investigative skills to resolve sensitive employee issues.
Use of data to influence business leaders to make meaningful recommendations with headcount planning, attrition analytics, and employee survey results.
Extremely strong ability to perceive, understand, judge and come to a reasonable and logical conclusion in order to enable the best outcome in any given situation.
Experience influencing, informing and strategizing with managers and leaders. Extremely effective at reading the room to guide business and organizations towards progress.
Extremely strong communication (written, verbal and electronic) and relationship building skills. Adept at quickly distilling issues and aligning others towards joint goals and outcomes.
Self directed and also extremely effective at collaborating with partners and employees at every level across different teams, functions and  regions.
Deep sense of curiosity and enjoys learning how things work and delights in solving thorny problems responsibly and creatively.
Passionate about Customer Service, a person who loves being the go to person for all Talent matters, and willing to represent the Talent function through hisher performance and behaviors.

Education, Work Experience and Extras

8 years of progressive HR experience in fast moving, high growth, global companies.
Fluent English and French speaker.
Deep experienceexpertise in 2 functional HR areas (HRBP, Compensation, Recruiting, Employee Relations, Talent Management, Organization Development, HR Operations, etc.).
BABS degree in HR related field; MAMS preferred. Educational specialization is highly preferred (HR Management, Organizational Behavior, Organization Development, Employment Law, Statistics, Business, etc).
Experience using Workday is highly preferred.
Experience with project management tools andor certification on project management methodology is highly preferred.
Passionate about travel and how travel works.
Strong commitment to customers and the customer experience (internal and external customers).
Enjoys having fun doing meaningful work with business clients and colleagues.
Based in Paris.

Please submit your CV in English
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
 
 
 