Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join:
Airbnbs mission is to create a world where people can Belong Anywhere. As we grow to achieve that mission, were looking to add a technical, hands-on, and mission-driven Technical Program Manager (TPM) to the team. 
The Difference You Will Make:
This person will partner with our infrastructure engineering teams to deliver solutions to improve the productivity of Airbnb engineers.If you strive to improve productivity, have a strong analytical approach to problems, and love the challenge of building new organizational capabilities, this is the role for you. 
A Typical Day:

Develop a portfolio view of Developer Platform programs and ensure leaders have sufficient visibility into execution status, issues, and decisions.
Lead planning, execution, and delivery of large cross-functional initiatives aimed at increasing the productivity of our technical teams.
Define and build a customer centric engagement model for backend and frontend developer infrastructure and tooling, encompassing the intake process, setting expectations and closing the loop with customers.
Apply a data-driven approach to measuring developer productivity and happiness to inform roadmap prioritization, intensely focusing on developer success.
Manage effective communication with stakeholders and across teams to ensure alignment and accountability.
Partner with developer platform teams to develop and enforce high quality internal documentation.
Responsible for identifying and managing technical dependencies, which could impact the success of the programs.
Actively identify and manage program risks and mitigation plans.  
Regularly assess opportunities; champion best practices, drive for process improvements, and find new ways of operating, with a focus on simplification and productivity.

Your Expertise:

Experience and passion for building developer infrastructure and tooling that scale to thousands of engineers.
Demonstrated ability to work through ambiguity to detailed solutions. You can take a vague problem, crisply frame the challenge, identify a path forward, and drive an initiative over the finish-line.
Self-motivated, proactive and proven ability to adapt well and work with teams having different operating cadences.
Sound business judgment, a proven ability to influence others, strong analytical skills, and a track record of taking ownership, leading data driven analyses, and influencing results
Experience developing new and improving existing processes, and demonstrated flexibility to get things done.
Detail-oriented and able to understand the bigger picture by using your technical expertise and problem solving abilities to prioritize and manage blocking issues.
Experience working in a highly cross-functional environment where communication with multiple groups is imperative.
Ability to ramp up quickly and learn new technologies with minimal lag time.
Excellent written and oral business communication and people skills, with the ability to influence stakeholders.
BABS degree, 9 years technical project management experience or relevant experience

Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
If you need assistance, or a reasonable accommodation during the application and recruiting process, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range185,000—237,500 USD