Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Difference You Will Make:
Airbnb is seeking a Principal Executive Business Partner to support the Chief Technology Officer. This is a full time position based in US - Remote Eligible. The Principal Executive Business Partner is a strategic leader and requires an ability to interact with staff at all levels in a fast paced environment, sometimes under pressure, while remaining flexible, proactive, resourceful, efficient and demonstrating a high level of professionalism and confidentiality.      
With so much going on in so many places, we need an experienced Principal Executive Business Partner to join the team.  
A Typical Day: 

Manage all day to day administrative responsibilities for the Chief Technology Officer. This includes advanced calendar management, travel and expense management, note-taking, meeting preparation and follow up, report and resourcedatabase maintenance and coordinating office access. Act as a thought partner to the leader to strategically align their calendar with their priorities.
Plan and execute team events, offsites, activities, and recognition
Assist andor own content creation including drafting emails and creating presentations
Manage purchase orders and partner with the leader and finance to track and analyze budget and expenses
Lead complex projects and initiatives that go beyond the scope of typical administrative work. This includes compiling and analyzing data sets, deep involvement in executive recruitment activities, driving operating system effectiveness - beyond scheduling and coordinating - budget management, cross-functional E-team initiatives such as MA work, company OS work, or leadership huddles.
Manage end-to-end activities related to internalexternal board, committee and advisory commitments
Manage and maintain the security of the leaders email inbox, in compliance with our code of ethics and data privacy, security and protection policies as requested by the Leader.
Use sound judgment and discretion to produce work that touches the most sensitive and highly confidential information (e.g. executive hiring, significant organizational changes)
Represent the organization to internal and external stakeholders
Manage and maintain strategic relationships with key stakeholders (e.g. vendors, executive candidates, political figures)
Strong partnership with internalexternal comms, talent partners and recruiting for org effectiveness. 
Participate in hiring new admins (where applicable). This may include supporting sourcing efforts andor participating on an interview panel based on the needs of the leader. Work in partnership with recruiting coordinators to schedule interviews for the respective leader.
Act as a mentor for other admins (where applicable). This includes meeting with a mentee on a regular basis and providing guidance and sharing resources to support their growth and development.
Build effective relationships within Airbnb to serve as a catalyst around scheduling and or spontaneous inquiriesrequests
Complete other duties and special projects as assigned

Your Expertise:

10 years of relevant experience supporting senior level executives in an administrative capacity
Previous experience in high growth environment strongly preferred
Strong work ethic, proactive, exhibits positivity, professionalism, confidentiality and good judgment
Outstanding verbal and written communication 
Ability to deal with conflict as well as give and receive feedback diplomatically 
Ability to navigate and thrive in ambiguity 
Incredibly organized and resourceful; able to juggle and multi-task, with an acute attention to detail and follow through
Advanced presentation skills (Google Docs, Keynote, Excel) and grasp of current social networking systems
Passion for trying, learning, improving, and sharing best practices
Ability to remain calm and poised under pressure
May be required to travel up to 25

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from. 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application. How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range160,000—200,000 USD