Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community you will join: 
Airbnbs mission is to create a world where people can Belong Anywhere. As we grow to achieve that mission, were looking to add a technical, hands-on, and mission-driven Technical Program Manager (TPM) to the Infrastructure team. This person will partner with our Cloud Infrastructure engineering teams who deliver and operate a highly available, scalable and reliable cloud environment which powers the Airbnb product.
The Difference You Will Make: 
Projects will span across an array of crucial programs aimed at ensuring our site traffic is  handled efficiently and effectively and improving the resilience of our online services.  The team is looking for a person with technical knowledge, who can understand infrastructure architecture and help teams deliver predictable, consistent program execution.
A Typical Day: 

Develop a portfolio view of Cloud Infrastructure programs and ensure leaders have sufficient visibility into execution status, issues, and decisions
Go deep in areas at risk, or in need of more hands-on programproject management
Manage effective communications to leadership and across teams to ensure accountability and timeline management
Manage partnership with cloud and edge service vendors to support the evolution of Airbnbs cloud infrastructure
Responsible for identifying technical dependencies, and aligning with stakeholders on how to manage dependencies which could impact the success of the programs
Defining and aligning on success criteria. Regularly assess risks and opportunities
Understand best practices, drive for process improvements, and find new ways of operating, with a focus on simplification and productivity
Quickly learn new technologies with minimal lag time

Your Expertise: 

BABS degree, 10 years technical project management experience or relevant experience
Deep technical understanding on cloud native infrastructure, such as Kubernetes, service mesh, cloud security, VPC and edge networking services, experience with one or more public cloud products (e.g. AWS, GCP) is preferred 
Experience and passion for building and maintaining cloud based consumer facing systems 
Demonstrated ability to work through ambiguity to detailed solutions. You can take a vague problem, crisply frame the challenge, identify a path forward, and drive an initiative over the finish-line
Self-motivated, proactive and proven ability to adapt well and work with teams having different operating cadences
Sound business judgment, a proven ability to influence others, strong analytical skills, and a track record of taking ownership, leading data driven analyses, and influencing results
Experience developing processes where little exists, and demonstrated flexibility to get things done
Detail-oriented and able to understand the bigger picture by using your technical expertise and problem solving abilities to prioritize and manage blocking issues
Experience working in a highly cross-functional environment where communication with multiple groups is imperative
Ability to ramp up quickly and learn new technologies with minimal lag time
Excellent written and oral business communication and people skills, with the ability to influence stakeholders

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. Airbnb,Inc. can employ in  states where we have registered entities. Currently, employees can not be located in: Alaska, Indiana, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, Alabama, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Delaware and Rhode Island. This list is continuously  evolving and being updated, please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from. 
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
If you need assistance, or a reasonable accommodation during the application and recruiting process, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range185,000—237,500 USD