Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 

The team is responsible on a global basis for payroll, equity administration, procurement, global risk assurance (internal audit), accounting, financial reporting and technical accounting and policy


 


We ensure:


Employees are paid
Supplier invoices are paid
Purchasing of goods and services are done in an efficient and cost effective manner
Financial results are report accurately and timely to internal stakeholders and to external parties including governmental agencies
Compliance with Airbnb financial and non financial policies and practices

The Difference You Will Make:
As a finance team member you will have broad exposure to various functions at Airbnb, including Finance Technology, Product, Business Development  Customer Experience and will also work closely with external business partners.  The ideal candidate for this position will have a strong understanding of GAAP and revenue recognition principles, excellent technical and communication skills, and the ability to partner effectively across business functions.
A Typical Day: 

Communicating accounting requirements and frameworks to partner teams for new products and feature changes, including testing and validation.
Developing accounting processes and analytics to monitor new product and platform activity.  
Supporting the monthly financial reporting and close process, including the preparation of routine and non-routine journal entries and adjustments.
Supporting the completion and review of SOX controls related to our processes.
Supporting external auditors on various engagements globally.
Assisting in contract review and product launches to ensure proper revenue recognition in accordance with Airbnb policies and revenue recognition accounting standards
Collaborating with technical accounting on research and the preparation of accounting memos and business process documentation
Ensuring compliance with key controls  accurate GAAP reporting and fulfilling internal and external reporting requirements
Collaborating with partner teams on the design and implementation of automation tools.
Effectively communicates to leaders within the organization on project updates and close results.

Your Expertise:

4 years experience in revenue accounting with a Big 4 accounting firm combined with industry experience at a top tier company (Tech industry andor public company experience preferred)
B.A. or B.S. in Accounting, Finance, Business, or a closely related discipline
CPA certification a strong plus
Strong knowledge of US GAAP and revenue recognition guidance
Advanced Excel knowledge  
SQL knowledge a plus
Excellent problem-solving skills and experience analyzing high volume, multi-currency transactions in a global business environment
Systems experience: Workday, Oracle, or other large ERP system preferred
Strong interpersonal and team building skills - ability to work with a diverse team and impart change across functional and business boundaries
Capable of handling multiple projects in a fast paced, hyper growth environment
Ability to define and implement internal or external controls or best practices
Desire to continuously improve and a positive, can-do approach

Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range85,000—100,000 USD