Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.This is a 12 month fixed term contract
Please submit your application in English
Airbnbs public policy team aims to work closely with politicians, regulators, and legislators to introduce them to Airbnb and the collaborative economy, highlight the significant social and economic impact our business has on local areas, and showcase best practices from around the world. We want policy makers to understand the regulatory challenges that affect our host community and find models that are good for cities (and rural areas) and our thriving local communities. The interactions with policy stakeholders include discussion on a wide range of issues from housing regulation, up to tax matters and tourism attractiveness. 
In Europe, Middle East  Africa (EMEA), we are engaged in well over a hundred local conversations and negotiations with governments big and small, and at local, regional and national levels across the region in making the case for fair, progressive home sharing rules.
The role
We are looking for a Public Policy Manager to support policy engagement and campaigns across France, based in Paris. This role is a key member of the multi-skilled campaign team, helping to define policy goals and positions and implement them, working alongside other functional experts. The Public Policy Manager will report to the Campaign Manager France and Belgium and work closely with the Legal, Communication and Community teams. 
In this role you must be skilled in policy engagement with a wide variety of external stakeholders at national, regional and especially local level - working proactively with municipalities and members of the Parliament to help stakeholders understand the contribution of the collaborative economy to sustainable tourism.   
You must also be skilled in project management, able to drive and coordinate internal stakeholders to shape and implement policy solutions to the benefit of our community in France. 
The ideal candidate will be passionate about Airbnbs mission, and have proven experience in regulatory, tax and political work in a relevant business or non-governmental organisation, or in a political, governmental or regulatory context.
Frequent travel within France should be expected, along with occasional travel within Europe and to our global headquarters in San Francisco.
Responsibilities:

Support the Campaign Manager in developing strategies, determining policy objectives and design policy positions across the market. 
Establish new and maintain existing relationships with an extensive network of contacts in local and regional legislative, executive and administrative offices. This role will also support our national engagement strategy and have a strong focus on parliamentary relations.
Act as Airbnbs representative in meetings with government and political stakeholders, in coalitions and collaborations to advance Airbnbs advocacy initiatives.
Manage the operational implementation of policy proposals and legislative measures at the local level (housing regulations and tax), working with colleagues in our legal and product teams;
Flag local policy issues that may have pan-regional implications, and work with colleagues elsewhere in Europe and in San Francisco to develop global solutions and approaches as required.
Draft public policy positions, arguments and materials. 
Create new local relationships with local policy and tourism stakeholders in key destinations to work on joint projects and campaigns

Requirements:

At least eight years of direct experience in local or national politics, government, regulator, public affairs, political campaigning or the field of corporate public policy or non-governmental organisation at some level. Policy-expertise in tourism, housing, urban development or the digital economy would be a significant advantage.
Detailed knowledge of the political landscape and legislative processes in France and Belgium, as well as knowledge of housing andor tax legislation are mandatory. 
First-rate personal, political, analytical and organisational skills. Project Management skills are a must. 
Proven ability to establish networks within political stakeholder communities on local, regional andor national level.
An eye for detail - with an ability to very quickly get up to speed on complex regulatory issues.
Excellent communicator with great interpersonal, writing and presentation skills
Ability to work independently as well as a team player in a multi-task work environment while producing the highest calibre work product in a timely manner.
Self-starter with a good sense of humour and the ability to thrive in a fast moving and sometimes stressful environment.
Ability to often travel across the markets.  
Candidate must speak fluent in French and English. You must submit your application in English.

This role is located in Paris, but can involve working from home as per our remote policy.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.