Airbnb was born in 2007 when two Hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown to over 4 million Hosts who have welcomed more than 1 billion guest arrivals in almost every country across the globe. Every day, Hosts offer unique stays and experiences that make it possible for guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way.The Community You Will Join: 
We are investing in Airbnbs centralized data engineering organization. This core team provides the trustworthy  accurate data that is foundational to how Airbnb listens to our customers and provides personalized recommendations.
The Difference You Will Make:
We are looking for a talented Data Engineering leader to run our Central Data Engineering organization to help us design and develop high quality, well governed, and efficient instrumentation and a centralized data warehouse. In this role, your org will work with cross-functional data producer  consumer teams to develop instrumentation  a central data model at Airbnb.
A Typical Day:

Proven ability to hire  manage a high performing team. Strong organizational thinking.
Experience building healthy cross functional partnerships with data producers  consumers. Ability to influence peer teams to adopt best practices when  where needed.
Delivering trusted, timely, cost efficient,  performant central datasets  instrumentation answering business critical needs.
Staying up to date with emerging technologies, best practices, and industry trends in data engineering and software development.
Mentor and provide guidance to junior managers  engineers, fostering their technical growth and professional development.

Your Expertise:

Proven track record of a minimum of 5 years in management, in a space with strong focus on large scale data processing and instrumentation.
Strong familiarity with Kafka, Flink, Spark, Hadoop, Iceberg, Airflow S3, Data Modeling, relational databases, columnar databases (e.g., Redshift, ClickHouse, etc),  data serialization formats (e.g. Avro, Thrift,  Protobuf). (or Equivalent) Previous working experience in Python AND JavaScala.
Strong familiarity with software engineering principles, including object-oriented and functional programming paradigms, design patterns, and code quality practices.
Strong working knowledge of data engineering best practices  data warehousing concepts.
Working knowledge of how data scientists leverage data for product analytics.
Proven ability to operate at multiple levels (engineering, manager, senior manager)
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to effectively collaborate with cross-functional teams and explain technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.

 
Your Location:
This position is US - Remote Eligible. The role may include occasional work at an Airbnb office or attendance at offsites, as agreed to with your manager. While the position is Remote Eligible, you must live in a state where Airbnb, Inc. has a registered entity. Click here for the up-to-date list of excluded states. This list is continuously evolving, so please check back with us if the state you live in is on the exclusion list. If your position is employed by another Airbnb entity, your recruiter will inform you what states you are eligible to work from.
Our Commitment To Inclusion  Belonging:
Airbnb is committed to working with the broadest talent pool possible. We believe diverse ideas foster innovation and engagement, and allow us to attract creatively-led people, and to develop the best products, services and solutions. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply.
We strive to also provide a disability inclusive application and interview process. If you are a candidate with a disability and require reasonable accommodation in order to submit an application, please contact us at: reasonableaccommodationsairbnb.com. Please include your full name, the role youre applying for and the accommodation necessary to assist you with the recruiting process. 
We ask that you only reach out to us if you are a candidate whose disability prevents you from being able to complete our online application.How Well Take Care of You:
Our job titles may span more than one career level. The actual base pay is dependent upon many factors, such as: training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs and market demands. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. This role may also be eligible for bonus, equity, benefits, and Employee Travel Credits.  Pay Range235,000—300,000 USD