Airtable is on a mission to democratize software creation. Our platform is loved by people at more than 450,000 organizations because they can design and build powerful applications (without knowing how to code) that perfectly fit their needs and workflows.  Within large organizations creators build applications on Airtables platform that are used by thousands of their colleagues on a weekly basis to collaborate across business-critical workflows. 
As a Product Manager, youll craft the vision, strategy, and roadmap to accelerate expansion within large organizations. You will work closely with engineering and GTM teams to identify and execute new solutions for our enterprise users.
What youll do

Lead the strategy and execution of delivering solutions for specific functional teams, and the associated product capabilities to support those end-to-end processes. 
Proactively engage with our customers, internal go-to-market, implementation teams to understand the largest challenges faced by Marketing and Product executive buyers, and design end-to-end solutions that address those largest challenges using the Airtable platform. 
Lead the execution delivery path of new core Airtable capabilities required to support Airtables functionally organized, solutions-oriented product strategy. 
Drive the implementation and GTM teams to develop customer-facing reference guides and marketing materials targeted at specific functional audiences.
Partner with go to market teams on delivering launch plans and strategies for both horizontal and vertical capabilities.

Who you are

At least 10 years of direct PM experience
Strong collaborator: works effectively with partners in marketing, sales, implementation, design, UXR, and engineering. 
Excellent written and verbal communication: able to crisply articulate a vision for an Airtable solution that resonates with internal stakeholders like sales and marketing, and inspires customers to implement Airtable solutions.
Efficient operator: must be able to create efficient processes that are highly effective at delivering results.
Comfortable with Ambiguity: creating solutions is a new art at Airtable, so must be comfortable breaking new ground on process and principle in delivering those solutions.
Excellent product  design sense - understands what makes a great product and user experience. Sweats the details and constructively pushes the team to deliver exceptional products that exceed customer expectations. Go-to-market experience: Capable of selling and marketing software (and partnering with teams who do so). 

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills and experience. The base salary range for this role is 232,000 - 420,000 for work locations in San Francisco, Mountain View, Seattle, NYC and LA. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation. To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable.
Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. 
VEVRAA-Federal Contractor
If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious beliefpractice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants.Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.