At Airtable we are passionate about how our product democratizes software creation and empowers anyone to create anything. As a Strategic Account Executive at Airtable you will have the opportunity to work closely with a variety of strategic accounts across the Fortune 500 globally. Each client has unique needs and you act as a trusted business advisor, helping them effectively leverage our product to drive maximum impact for their business.
Just like Lego blocks, what our customers can build with Airtable is virtually limitless. The opportunity for an Account Executive to make an impact on the largest global businesses is massive. As a result, the demand for our product has outpaced the capacity of our sales team, and we need to hire more superstars! 
Do you thrive working closely with strategic accounts on their unique business needs? Are you looking for some truly fascinating work, where youll work alongside a best in class team, harnessing the power of an extraordinary product, for a company with unlimited growth potential? Do you want to join a high performing sales team on which 86 of reps attained to quota last year?
What youll do

Prospect, develop, manage sales pipeline and close customers onto our Airtable Platform through inbound and outbound efforts 
Build relationships with senior executives and decision makers across all industries
Prioritize your book of business, develop and execute on account plans for each individual account, including identifying new opportunities, bridging use cases across departments, and building and climbing the org chart
Source expansion opportunities in new departments, while telling a compelling wall to wall (multi-use case) story to the CIO (and other relevant executives) as an account gains momentum.
Own the full sales-cycle from lead to close
Coordinate resources throughout the sales cycle, including legal, sales engineering, implementation specialists and leadership
Educate and consult customers on the value of Airtable throughout the sales and adoption cycle
Model a wide range of use cases in which Airtable can drive business transformation across different industries
Prioritize opportunities and manage a high volume of inbound and outbound email efficiently
Forecast performance against sales targets with a high degree of accuracy using a combination of bottoms up deal by deal commits and top down territory analysis

Who you are

You have 8 years of quota carrying SaaS sales experience within a SaaS company selling software solutions into multiple industries
3 years selling into the Enterprise segment
Track record of overachieving quota across 6-8 quarters, and at least 1-2 quarters of strong overachievement
Experience selling to central buyingIT teams and managing stakeholders in Procurement and Legal. As well as, developing and deepening relationships with C-level, Exec and VP stakeholders
Demonstrated ability to successfully and repeatedly close 6-figure ARR deals in a competitive market 
You have strong prospecting, account planning, and experience selling into teams
You have owned complex deals with named accounts (5000 FTEs) 
You thrive partnering with business leaders and executives, developing long term relationships and aligning key stakeholders company-wide at each stage of the sales lifecycle
You are consultative and able to navigate the complexities and needs of clients across industries, size and lifecycles
Strong communication and executive presence. Very comfortable presenting to a room, engaging and influencing executive decision makers
You are passionate about our overall mission and how customers can use Airtable
You execute with excellence and have a deep track record of creating significant revenue impact and deep relationships for your organization
You are scrappy, resourceful and a creative problem solver when discovering the business needs of your customer and understanding how Airtable plugs into the bigger picture for them
You embody a growth mindset and seek out opportunities to constantly learn and grow

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills and experience. The base salary range for this role is 127,500 - 166,100 for all work locations including remote. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation.
Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. 
VEVRAA-Federal Contractor
If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious beliefpractice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants.Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.