At Airtable we are passionate about how our product democratizes software creation and empowers anyone to create anything. Just like Lego blocks, what our customers can build with Airtable is virtually limitless. This opens up all sorts of exciting possibilities, and so our Sales team works closely with users on their unique needs.  As part of the Sales Strategy and Operations team, youll be the thought and execution partner to sales leaders, providing insight through hypothesis-driven analysis, conducting quarterly and annual planning, defining success metrics and creating scalable reporting, and designing workflows and systems.  
There is a lot of building to do.  Were looking for folks who know what good looks like, but who are flexible, resourceful, collaborative, and really excited to join us on our adventure to figure out both the right long-term vision and the right next steps for tomorrow.
What youll do
As part of the Central Sales Strategy and Operations team, you will:

Design and manage core sales ops processes such as target setting and forecasting
Construct and automate data driven slides for Executive and Board level presentations using Google Suite (Salesforce, Looker, Google Sheets, and Google Slides)
Partner closely with RevOps lead to drive ad hoc analysis across multiple data sets (Looker, Salesforce)
Partner closely with Sales Leadership to build automated dashboards for key performance metrics
Act and be seen as a general problem solver able to break down the hardest problems
Define requirements and work with systems teams to implement team tooling

Who you are

You have 5 years prior experience in sales strategy or customer success strategy and operations for a high growth company; or operational experience in investment banking, management consulting, private equity, FPA, venture capital, or business insights and analytics roles  
You demonstrate the ability to scale and equip the business in a strategic manner, communicate big picture opportunities and make data-driven decisions
You have strong ExcelGoogle Sheets and other analytical tool experience 
You are advanced with SQL andor Python and have a demonstrated ability to ramp quickly on analytical tools (i.e. Looker, Tableau, Salesforce)
You take a proactive, consultative approach, building trust consistently and quickly
You work well under pressure, with a high degree of adaptability and flexibility in a fast paced, rapidly changing environment
You have the ability to translate complex information into easily consumable insight

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills and experience. The base salary range for this role is 141,400 - 174,500 for work locations in San Francisco, Mountain View, Seattle, NYC and LA. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation. To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable.
Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. 
VEVRAA-Federal Contractor
If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious beliefpractice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants.
Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.