At Airtable we are passionate about how our product democratizes software creation and empowers anyone to create anything. Just like Lego blocks, what our customers can build with Airtable is extremely expansive and as such, our addressable market is essentially limitless. The demand for our product has outpaced the capacity of our sales team and we need to grow accordingly.
As a Business Development Representative on the Airtable team, your role will be to dramatically increase our footprint beyond the 100,000 organizations that already use (and love!) our product.
Were looking for someone who is excited to pitch the vision of Airtable, helping our diverse customer base envision and realize deep value from our platform. Youll identify new, strategic opportunities across the entire customer journey and ideate, test and optimize the best practices that unlock them
Do you thrive in a fast-paced, evolving, and growing environment? Do you want to join a best-in-class team and work with some of the most high-profile businesses in the world? If you answered yes, we want to hear from you!
What youll do

Generate sales-ready meetings for Account Executives using Airtables qualification criteria.
Utilize your active listening skills to understand and uncover customer needs and business problems to effectively communicate how Airtable can solve them.
Identify high-potential areas of growth new opportunity and develop and execute outbound strategies to get them on Airtable.
Develop strong sales and product knowledge.
Help scale the sales organization through operational innovation.

Who you are

You have 1 year of sales or related experience 
You have experience crafting outbound strategies, measuring results and optimizing and scaling those efforts.
You have good business acumen and are able to understand how Airtable provides different value to different customers depending on their role, industry, technical aptitude.
You have exceptional storytelling skills, regardless of context — you feel comfortable pitching Airtable to just about anyone, anywhere.
You have excellent prioritization and project management skills.
You are a self-starter and excited to build this role from the ground up.
You have strong analytical capabilities complemented by superior written and verbal communication skills.

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills and experience. The on target earnings for this role is 85,000 for work locations in Austin, Texas. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation. To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable.
Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. 
VEVRAA-Federal Contractor
If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious beliefpractice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants.Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.