Airtable is on a mission to democratize software creation. Our platform is loved by people at more than 450,000 organizations because they can design and build powerful applications (without knowing how to code) that perfectly fit their needs and workflows.  Within large organizations creators build applications on Airtables platform that are used by thousands of their colleagues on a weekly basis to collaborate across business-critical workflows. As an Engagement Manager, youll be joining our Professional Services Organization which is a growing and revenue-generating team at Airtable. As the first Engagement Manager, you will play a pivotal role in driving customer success and satisfaction for large-scale Airtable implementations. You will be responsible for building and maintaining strong relationships with our clients, ensuring their needs are met and exceeded. You will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including Sales, Customer Success, Product, and Customer Support, to ensure seamless execution of projects and deliverables for large-scale implementations. Your exceptional communication and problem-solving skills will be instrumental in driving customer engagement and maximizing their value from our products and services.
What youll do

Serve as the primary point of contact for clients, building strong relationships and understanding their unique business needs.
Understand client goals, objectives, and challenges, and develop tailored strategies to address their specific needs for a large-scale Airtable implementation
Collaborate with Sales teams to identify new deployment opportunities, upsell, and cross-sell opportunities, and drive revenue growth.
Conduct regular check-ins and reviews with clients to assess their satisfaction, identify areas for improvement, and provide strategic recommendations on their Airtable Services deployment
Proactively identify and resolve any issues or roadblocks that may arise during the implementation process.
Conduct thorough analysis of client requirements, providing expert guidance and recommendations on best practices
Provide post-implementation support, including training, troubleshooting, and ongoing maintenance, to ensure client satisfaction and maximize solution adoption.

Who you are

10 years of experience in an Engagement Manager or similar role, preferably in a technology or SaaS company.
Strong project management skills, with the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build rapport and establish trust with clients.
Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities, with a keen attention to detail.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and adapt to changing priorities.
Experience working with cross-functional teams and managing stakeholders at all levels.
Fan of Airtables product with the aptitude and interest in becoming a product expert

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills and experience. The base salary range for this role is 185,000 - 262,000 for work locations in San Francisco, Mountain View, Seattle, NYC and LA. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation. To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable.
Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. 
VEVRAA-Federal Contractor
If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious beliefpractice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants.Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.