Airtables roots are in PLG (product-led growth). For years, we enabled line-of-business users to create applications that made their teams more efficient. Over the years, weve seen that our most successful customers connect these team-level workflows into larger, more sophisticated solutions that orchestrate business processes across multiple departments. 
As a Product Manager focused on data scale, youll craft the vision, strategy, and roadmap to accelerate expansion within large organizations and identify and execute new product initiatives that facilitate delivering large-scale solutions. Youll partner with a product-oriented engineering team and cross-functional partners in sales, customer success, and marketing to deliver solutions that fuel the adoption and expansion of Airtables product suite within the worlds largest and most impactful companies.
What youll do

Deeply understand the needs of our largest customers from multiple perspectives - app builders, end-users, services partners, and administrators - and build a cohesive strategy around large-scale data use cases within Airtable.
Articulate a strategy that enables us to build out our abilities to ingest, export, and manage data within the Airtable ecosystem, ensuring that Airtable customers can build the apps they need, as quickly as efficiently as possible, with both internal and external data sets at any scale.
Partner with GTM teams to help sell large-scale custom solutions. As part of this motion, you will regularly engage with C-level executives - both internally and externally - to help articulate Airtables value and ensure successful deployments.
Serve as the company subject matter expert for solutions requiring high data volume, consult with internal and external professional services partners to solicit input on product needs, and to provide product guidance to improve our core product offering.

What success looks like

In the near-term, you will articulate the problem space and addressable opportunity for Airtable to both retain our current customer base and capture new markets with additional data scale. With our GTM teams, you will identify the immediate opportunities and work with design and engineering teams to begin to implement changes to our core product to help us achieve step-function improvements in our ability to handle data, as well as articulate a strategic direction for large scale data solutions within Airtable. 
In the long-term, you will be responsible for articulating the ways in which Airtable will win markets and expand our customer base with the data scale and functionality you will help build within Airtable. You will own new data scale products from ideation to market and will be responsible for communicating the value of these products to both external and internal C-level executives. You will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, ensuring alignment on goals and deliverables, and provide thought leadership in the realm of data products and innovations.

Who you are

6 years as a product manager, with in-depth experience in enterprise, infrastructure, or similar
You have a proven track record of shipping complex products - especially those with a significant back-end components
You have proven experience marrying end-user experience while juggling technical constraints
You are adept at bringing product to market, with demonstrated experience working with sales, marketing, and post-sales functions.
While you dont need to write code, you do like having in-depth conversations with engineers about different approaches they can make around back-end decisions, especially if those decisions impact how customers interact with that data

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills and experience. The base salary range for this role is 192,000 - 348,000 for work locations in San Francisco, Mountain View, Seattle, NYC and LA. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation. To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable.
Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. 
VEVRAA-Federal Contractor
If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious beliefpractice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants.Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.