At Airtable, we are passionate about how our product democratizes software creation and empowers anyone to create anything. As an Account Executive, Growth - Emerging Business at Airtable, you will have the opportunity to work closely with various Enterprise clients and strategic accounts across the Fortune 500 globally. Each client has unique needs, and you act as a trusted business advisor, helping them effectively leverage our product to drive maximum impact for their business.
Airtables mission is to bring the power of computing and software development to everyone. We are developing a robust and extensible toolkit that our customers can leverage to solve various problems and workflows. Our most sophisticated customers have used the product to run global processes across thousands of employees, coordinate precision manufacturing pipelines, and consolidate previously siloed mission-critical data into a single source of truth. The complexity of these use cases requires us to be incredibly thoughtful about how we design and implement new functionality in the product and make sure its both easy to use and comprehend for our customers and maintainable for us.
What youll do

Manage a set of accounts that encompass our most valuable, fastest-growing paid customers
Act as the main point of contact, working strategically with them to attain business goals and get the most out of the Airtable product
Be responsible for attaining revenue goals, both through expansion and renewal
Understand use cases and sell across different industries and multiple lines of business
Become an Airtable product expert, delighting customers with a phenomenal educational experience and helping cross-functional teams with product feedback and user insights

Who you are

2 years in a SaaS customer-facing role with a track record of success
Strong business acumen that includes prior experience managing multiple concurrent client relationships, anticipating change, adjusting priorities accordingly and working effectively as a team
Self-starter comfortable with some ambiguity, demonstrating a willingness to learnramp quickly and be a creative problem solver for the larger Airtable team 
You embody a growth mindset and seek out opportunities to constantly learn and grow. Extreme curiosity to learn about the product, the industry, and your customers businesses.
Strong operational mindset, eager to build process for yourself and the team to maximize productivity
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills, and experience. The on-target earning range for this role is 91,000 - 115,200 for work locations in Austin. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units and may include incentive compensation. To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable.Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.