At Airtable we are passionate about how our product democratizes software creation and empowers anyone to create anything. Just like Lego blocks, what our customers can build with Airtable is virtually limitless. As part of the Customer Success Group Strategy  Ops team, youll be the thought and execution partner to the Support leader and CCO, helping to shape the future direction of the Support function, providing insight through hypothesis-driven analysis, defining success metrics and creating scalable reporting, and optimizing overall processes and performance.
There is a lot of building to do. Were looking for folks who know what good looks like, but who are flexible, resourceful, collaborative and excited to join us on our adventure to figure out both the right long term vision and the right next steps for tomorrow.
What youll do
As Support Strategy  Ops lead, you will:

Drive and deliver critical programs that create substantial business impacts affecting Support customers and the business function
Partner with our Analytics team to design, build, and execute reporting, dashboards, and analytic insights that drive decisionsactions in the Support business
Provide critical intelligence and proposed improvements through quantitative and qualitative research that shape our future operating plan actions
Continuously evaluate key metrics to identify areas for improvement; execute on high impact projects to improve team efficiency and customer experience
Work with business stakeholders to define systems requirements and work with systems team to implement tools required
Be a critical partner to the Support leadership team to shape and mold future business plans  programs (e.g. 3 year plans) to continue to transform the Support function.

Who you are

You have 8 years of total work experience, with at least 3 years of experience in Sales Strategy  Ops  Post Sales Strategy  Ops, Support Ops, Revenue Ops, or experience in management consulting. 
You take a proactive, consultative approach, building trust consistently and quickly
You are an exceptional verbal and written communicator
You are strong in excel and analytical tools. 
You have experience translating business needs into requirements actionable by technical teams (e.g., business technology, data engineering, etc.) 
You work well under pressure, with a high degree of adaptability and flexibility in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment

Bonus points

You have experience leading end-to-end execution of projectsprograms that have significantly improved operations and delivered quantifiable business impact.
You have direct experience supporting, or working in, Support or post-sales organizations.
You have an enthusiastic roll up your sleeves mentality 

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills and experience. The base salary range for this role is 161,500 - 210,400 for work locations in San Francisco and NYC. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation. To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable.
Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. 
VEVRAA-Federal Contractor
If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious beliefpractice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants.
Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.