Airtable is looking for its first Procurement Operations Manager to build and scale the procurement operations help desk function in a growing technology company! This role requires experience across a broad range of procurement operational activities not limited to triaging, vendor onboarding, procure-to-pay optimization, and PO process compliance. To be successful in this role, you should be able to work collaboratively across stakeholders, including business, systems, legal, and finance teams, and be comfortable working in a fast-paced and high-growth environment. This role will report directly to our Head of Procurement.  
What youll do

Interact with various business and finance stakeholders to drive continuous adoption and facilitate understanding of the procurement policy, process and systems
Provide white glove service to internal customers for Procure-to-Pay (P2P) requests all the way from triaging to issuance of Purchase Order (PO), managing the operational aspects of the process
Review and update procurement intake tickets, purchase requisitions, send POs to vendors as well as drive continuous improvement in these processes
Drive compliance of invoices to contracts and POs
Own Vendor Onboarding, Master Data Management and collaborate with AP downstream 
Partner with the P2P team to optimize the procure-to-pay process
Manage internal customer queries through office hours and slack channels
This role can evolve into owning corporate sourcing and areas of technology sourcing within specific thresholds

Who you are

8 years of procurement operations or sourcing experience
5 years of working cross functionally with tech and non-tech teams 
5 years of managing end-to-end P2P operations
2 years of program management experience
Experience in stakeholder management at varied levels of the organization
Experience in navigating ambiguity in an early stage procurement environment
Bachelors degree
Knowledge of tools such as Zip, Workday procurement, Ironclad CLM are a plus
Sourcing experience, especially for non-technology (corporate) categories is a plus

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills and experience. The base salary range for this role is 148,800- 193,800 for work locations in San Francisco, Mountain View, Seattle, NYC and LA. The base salary range for this role is 133,900 - 174,400 for all other work locations including remote. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation.To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable.
Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. 
VEVRAA-Federal Contractor
If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious beliefpractice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants.
LI-RemotePlease see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.