At Airtable, our mission is to democratize software creation. We believe todays knowledge work needs a customizable platform that lets every organization easily build intuitive apps to drive their most important business processes. Were making it disruptively easy to build purpose-built applications for organizations based on shared, organization-wide data. The worlds largest enterprises use Airtable to build customized apps for their most critical and unique workflows — from managing product roadmaps to launching marketing campaigns to tracking job applicants — all on a single platform.
Were seeking a Director of Accounting to lead our financial operations, with a strong focus on competencies including Shared Services, Accounts Payable, Treasury, and Leadership. This role involves strategic planning and direction for accounting functions, accurate financial reporting, and efficient cash flow management. The Director will oversee daily cash operations, banking relationships, and compliance with regulations. They will also lead financial audits and collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify process improvements. 
What youll do

Operational Leadership: Provide strategic planning, direction, and coordination for accounting functions.
Financial Consolidation: Manage global consolidation, ensuring the accurate and timely closure of monthly, quarterly, and year-end accounting, including payroll.
Accounts Payable Efficiency: Lead the AP team to ensure timely, accurate payments, and oversee key performance indicators (KPIs) to maintain efficiency.
Accurate Financial Reporting: Ensure precise financial results reporting with thorough flux analyses in accordance with US GAAP.
Technical Accounting Collaboration: Partner with technical accounting for in-depth research and memos supporting financial positions and disclosures.
Cash Management: Oversee daily cash operations, covering forecasting, disbursements, and funding needs.
Liquidity Optimization: Develop and implement strategies for cash management, optimizing liquidity and returns on surplus cash.
Investment Oversight: Monitor financial market indicators and recommend investment opportunities and financial instruments.
Banking Relationships: Maintain and negotiate banking relationships, ensuring favorable terms and conditions.

Who you are

Bachelors degree in Accounting or a related field. CPA or advanced degree in Accounting is a plus. 
10 years of progressive experience in accounting and finance with leadership roles at public, high-growth or pre-IPO companies andor public accounting firms.
Strong project management skills including high attention to detail, ability to prioritize and lead critical initiatives on concurrent timelines. 
Prior experience in a SaaS or enterprise software company is preferred.
Experience in closing and consolidating foreign subsidiaries books, including proper recording and elimination of intercompany transactions and transfer pricing.
Strong communication skills, with the ability to interact effectively with executive leadership, external auditors, and stakeholders.
Strong process orientation and experience in creating operational efficiencies, and building best-in-class processes across the accounting function.
Possesses a sense of urgency; identifies challenges and problems and takes the initiative to identify solutions.
Workday Financials and Payroll experience is preferred

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills and experience. The base salary range for this role is 180,000 - 254,900 for work locations in San Francisco, Seattle, NYC and LA. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation. To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable.
Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. 
VEVRAA-Federal Contractor
If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious beliefpractice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants.Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.