At Airtable we are passionate about how our product democratizes software creation and empowers anyone to create anything. Just like lego blocks, what our customers can build with Airtable is virtually limitless. 
As a member of the Deal Operations Team, youll play a critical role in both the design and execution phase of Airtables go-to-market motion. In this role, you will work cross-functionally alongside various stakeholders to build and enhance sales systems  processes, drive efficiency through scaled initiativesprojects, and motivate  empower Sales and Customer Success teams with the tools needed to succeed as Airtable evolves and grows. You will be responsible for the following:

Salesforce Data Integrity. You will support our GTM teams and own Salesforce data hygiene, strategy, and governance. Strong execution is critical in this role given Airtables ability to carve equitable territories and hinges on the completeness and accuracy of Salesforce data. Define requirements and work with Business Technology teams to improve and implement tooling
Sales Systems and Tools: Your team will lead major systems enhancements and rollouts of new processes or tools to support the sales cycle and enhance our Quote-to-Order systems. In this role, you will be responsible for documenting business requirements, partnering with BizTech to execute them, and conducting UAT to ensure successful and timely project delivery.
Sales Support: Leveraging the breadth of our existing tool stack, you will act and be seen as a subject-matter expert in all things Quote-to-Cash, and work with sales to break down the hardest problems and recommend prescriptive solutions from a central, unbiased perspective

What youll do

Drive our GTM Data Enrichment Strategy, continually developing what data quality excellence looks like
Monitor key GTM Systems for data integrity issues and drive enhancements to accelerate deal closure
Partner with Sales Technology on how we can best architect for new workflows  business functions
Develop effective relationships and regular communication with business partners in a highly matrixed team environment
Take pride in your work, obsess about measuring results using quantitative metrics, sweat the small stuff, and be accountable
Keep a customer service mindset, set fast but achievable SLAs, maintain transparent and effective two-way communication with business partners

Who you are

You have 5 years of experience leading projects cross functionally within a global sales organization
You have working knowledge of Salesforce Sales Cloud in addition to various enrichment services (Zoominfo, Linkedin SalesNav, Anaplan  Salesforce Maps)
You are a high EQ communicator with the ability to abstract and explain complex business issues in a consumable manner.
You have experience in data enrichment and a proven track record for incorporating reliable data into your findings
You have an enthusiastic roll up your sleeves mentality
You work well under pressure, with a high degree of adaptability and flexibility in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment
ProjectChange Management experience a plus

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills and experience. The base salary range for this role is 104,600 - 136,300 for work locations in San Francisco, Mountain View, LA, Seattle and New York. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation. To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable.
Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. 
VEVRAA-Federal Contractor
If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious beliefpractice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants.
 
LI-RemotePlease see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.