We started Airtable so that people can create software that fits the unique needs of their businesses. Now, were doubling down on this original vision to create a future where co-workers are deeply connected and, as a result, better equipped to face their most important goals. With Airtable, companies create connected apps that unify their teams, operationalize their most valuable data, and power critical workflows in ways that are unique to how their organizations function.
On the Enterprise team, were looking for a product designer whos adept at simplifying complicated logic and concepts into a clear, straightforward experience, for our largest customers and their business needs.
If these sound like puzzles youre eager to help us solve and youre excited about the chance to work with a crew of humble, talented, and deeply thoughtful designers, we cant wait for you to apply.
What youll do

Translate complexity into simplicityThis is a big, gnarly problem space that needs to distill down into focused and intuitive design solutions for real people. Youll work with both design and cross-functional partners to think holistically about the architecture and underlying systems that make Airtable an adaptable solution and how that meshes with user needs. 
A very satisfying amount of design Youll design and ship high-quality products and feel a sense of ownership throughout the process. Youll drive a strong design process from beginning to end: synthesize user needs, generate ideas, collaborate with teammates and stakeholders to refine, bring concepts to life with mockups and prototypes, and partner with engineering to deliver final polish. Youll learn and validate directly with users and customers.
Shape our strategyProject ideas arent just handed off to designers in a fully defined state. Designers work with cross-functional partners to build roadmaps, goals, and success metrics focused on the most high-impact opportunities. You have a key voice, utilizing design to bring structure to the vision.
See Airtable through the eyes of our customersWe have a dedicated customer base—theyre passionate about building towards very specific workflows and logic. Youll partner across the company and have direct conversations to understand the goals and needs of users in many industries. Youll lean on interviews and feedback sessions to inform your work.
Help our design team thriveThe design culture at Airtable is such an important part of our day-to-day! Youll contribute to team critiques, spend time in collaborative jam sessions, and continue to learn and grow in your own craft and practice. Theres always someone ready to nerd out with you on big, brain melting concepts and the smallest of visual details. We love what we do and make it a priority to invest in time together as a design crew.

Who you are

Youre an experienced Product Designer...and have a portfolio of thoughtful, impactful work to show for it! Bonus if youve worked on any SaaS, Enterprise, or low-code software.
You gravitate towards complex problems.Theres no shortage of challenging, tangly problems to solve at Airtable. If the ideas of ambiguity, brainstorming, and possibilities have you nodding yes at this screen, we have some ideas about what you can work on.
You like saying we more than I. Your team will be a collaborative bunch, and youll be working closely with other designers, engineers, PMs, and more. We are greater than the sum of our parts.
You just go for it.There are lots of opportunities to have a measurable impact as a self-starter at Airtable. You dont hesitate to communicate and champion a good idea until it turns into something that works.
Youre interested in being on a first-name basis with our customers and usersWe strive to check our assumptions and learn more about what inspires our customers to buy and build on the Airtable platform. You relish the idea of getting a chance to interview users and synthesizing input to improve your designs.
You inspire your colleagues to be the best versions of themselves.We authentically admire and respect each other, and we think that motivates us to create great work.  

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills and experience. The base salary range for this role is 184,000 - 260,600 for work locations in San Francisco, Mountain View, Seattle, NYC and LA. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation. To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable.
Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. 
VEVRAA-Federal Contractor
If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious beliefpractice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants.Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.