Airtable is on a mission to democratize software creation. Our platform is loved by people at more than 450,000 organizations because they can design and build powerful applications (without knowing how to code) that perfectly fit their needs and workflows.  Within large organizations creators build applications on Airtables platform that are used by thousands of their colleagues on a weekly basis to collaborate across business-critical workflows. As a Change Management Consultant  youll be joining our Professional Services Organization which is a growing and revenue generating team at Airtable. Youll be the first person in this role and your expertise in change management methodologies and best practices will be instrumental in driving  faster adoption,  smooth transitions and maximizing user adoption of our technology solutions. 
What youll do

Develop comprehensive change management strategies and plans to support the implementation of new technologies and processes.
Conduct impact assessments to identify potential risks and resistance to change, and develop mitigation strategies.
Create and deliver engaging change management training programs and workshops to equip clients with the necessary skills and knowledge.
Provide guidance and support to project teams and stakeholders throughout the change process.
Monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of change management initiatives, making adjustments as needed.
Foster a culture of continuous improvement by identifying opportunities for process optimization and efficiency gains.

Who you are

10 years of experience in a change management, similar role, or consulting background preferably in a fast-paced technology-driven environment.
 Strong understanding of change management methodologies, tools, and techniques.
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to influence and build relationships at all levels of an organization.
 Exceptional problem-solving and analytical abilities, with a keen eye for detail.
 Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously.

Compensation awarded to successful candidates will vary based on their work location, relevant skills and experience. The base salary range for this role is 185,200 - 262,300 for work locations in San Francisco, Mountain View, Seattle, NYC and LA. Our total compensation package also includes the opportunity to receive benefits, restricted stock units, and may include incentive compensation. To learn more about our comprehensive benefit offerings, please check out Life at Airtable.
Airtable is an equal opportunity employer. We embrace diversity and strive to create a workplace where everyone has an equal opportunity to thrive. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any characteristic protected by applicable federal and state laws, regulations and ordinances. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant. 
VEVRAA-Federal Contractor
If you have a medical condition, disability, or religious beliefpractice which inhibits your ability to participate in any part of the application or interview process, please complete our Accommodations Request Form and let us know how we may assist you. Airtable is committed to participating in the interactive process and providing reasonable accommodations to qualified applicants.Please see our Privacy Notice for details regarding Airtables collection and use of personal information relating to the application and recruitment process by clicking here.