

At Algolia, we are passionate about helping businesses connect their end-users with what matters most in milliseconds!
 
As an Algolia Account Executive, you will be responsible for creating strong relationships with our customersprospects and building on these relationships to expand our footprint or close new businesses. You should be comfortable researching prospective customers and adapting sales strategies to meet their needs. You will also play an integral role in defining our sales model. You know the ins and outs of Algolia, understand how we can benefit each prospect and will ultimately be the front line of our revenue growth in the UK.
 
Are you a resilient problem-solver who isnt afraid to think outside the box and get their hands dirty? We expect you to take ownership and be able to execute, defining your own territory strategy. Were looking for candidates who raise the level and bring sales excellence to the revenue organisation. You should value and practice transparency, have the humility to accept your weaknesses and continuously strive to improve both personally and professionally.



YOUR ROLE WILL CONSIST OF:

Managing and growing a sales pipeline;
Driving inbound and outbound leads through complex sales cycles to closed won;
Working your network and collaborating with external partners to source and facilitate new Enterprise projects;
Managing and prospecting with an existing account base to drive usage-based and feature-based upsells;
Generating new projects from booking self-driven outbound meetings;
Building compelling demonstrations with the pre-sales team, sales material and ROI studies bringing value to our customers;
Building territory plans to share your strategic vision for your market and customers;
Forecasting accurately to help the team hit their numbers;
Collaborating with sales developers, solutions engineers, customer success managers, legal, partner managers and marketing.



YOU MIGHT BE A FIT IF YOU HAVE:

5 years of experience in a similar AE position closing complex deals (esp. in B2B SaaS sales, selling to retail eCommerce customers) in the UK region;
Excellent spoken and written English skills required;
Strong familiarity with outbound prospecting techniques, tools and processes;
Experience in working with partners (solution integrators, consultancies, independent software vendors);
Hunter mindset and an excitement for SaaS sales.



NICE TO HAVE:

You love tech sales
You have a curious mindset and are capable to understand prospects pains and how a deep tech solution like Algolia can solve it;
You thrive in dynamic environments and are capable to adjust to constant change;
You are excited by the idea of building things and have a structured and strategic approach to working your territory;
You believe you are in charge of your own success and you have the grit to continue going when things get challenging.



WERE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:

GRIT - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment;
TRUST - Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership;
CANDOR - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback;
CARE - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company;
HUMILITY- Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside.

LI-Hybrid LI-Remote
REMOTE STRATEGY:
Algolias flexible workplace model  is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individuals impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when. We know community comes in many forms and strive to create opportunities for intentional in-person connection in our offices and virtually for our remote colleagues around the world. 
We have a global presence with physical offices in San Francisco, NYC, Paris, London, Sydney and Bucharest.
ABOUT US:
Algolia prides itself on being a pioneer and market leader offering an AI-powered, API-First Search  Discovery platform that empowers 17,000 businesses to compose customer experiences at internet scale that predict what their users want with blazing fast search and web browse experience. Algolia powers more than 30 billion search requests a week  four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex and DuckDuckGo combined.
Algolia is part of a cadre of innovative new companies that are driving the next generation of software development, creating APIs that make developers lives easier; solutions that are better than building from scratch and better than having to tweak monolithic SaaS solutions.
In 2021, the company closed 150 million in series D funding and quadrupled its post-money valuation of 2.25 billion. Being well capitalized enables Algolia to continue to invest in its market leading platform, to better serve its thousands of customersincluding Under Armor, Petsmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens, to name just a few. 
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR:
Were looking for talented, passionate people to build the worlds best search  discovery technology. As an ownership-driven company, we seek team members who thrive within an environment based on autonomy and diversity. Were committed to building an inclusive and diverse workplace. We care about each other and the world around us, and embrace talented people regardless of their race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability and socioeconomic background.
READY TO APPLY?If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the worlds best search  discovery technology, wed love to review your application!