
Were are looking for a Manager, Revenue Operations to oversee Forecasting and Insight. This role involves leading advanced sales forecasting methods, presenting insights to executives with revenue-boosting suggestions, enforcing revenue-maximizing business rules, exploring new opportunities, and improving efficiency in forecasting processes.
YOUR ROLE WILL CONSIST OF:

Work closely with business partners to understand and refine requirements, objectives, and processes to drive cross-functional projects 
Lead the design and execution of best-in-class forecasting processes to bring on-time, accurate visibility into sales organization and seller performance
Communicate insights to the executive team related to sales performance including forecast, pipeline, and productivity trends. Provide recommendations that will accelerate revenue growth
Ensure business rules are upheld for products with a view to achieving maximum revenue results and continue to evolve them as conditions change
Support and create new scenarios, analyze new products and identify business development opportunities
Continuously improve processes that lead to greater efficiencies, accuracy, and transparency
Document challenges and limitations in current forecasting processes.

YOU MIGHT BE A FIT IF YOU HAVE:

Ideal candidate has 4 years of experience doing similar work
Experience working in SaaS and a general understanding of SaaS metrics
Salesforce proficient
Experience in forecasting and or forecasting tools such as Clari
Experience in building complex models, and leveraging stakeholder feedback to best fit the needs of teams
The ability to problem solve, using data to justify decisions and provide recommendations to leaders
Program management, communication, stakeholder management, negotiating, and influencing experience with a track record of achieving engagement from cross-functional stakeholders.


NICE TO HAVE:


Familiarity with SKU-level reporting and CPQ
Preference for candidates located in the US Eastern Time zone


WERE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:


GRIT - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment.
TRUST - Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership.
CANDOR - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback.
CARE - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company.
HUMILITY - Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside.



LI-Remote
REMOTE STRATEGY:
Algolias flexible workplace model  is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individuals impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when. We know community comes in many forms and strive to create opportunities for intentional in-person connection in our offices and virtually for our remote colleagues around the world. 
We have a global presence with physical offices in San Francisco, NYC, Paris, London, Sydney and Bucharest.
ABOUT US:
Algolia prides itself on being a pioneer and market leader offering an AI-powered, API-First Search  Discovery platform that empowers 17,000 businesses to compose customer experiences at internet scale that predict what their users want with blazing fast search and web browse experience. Algolia powers more than 30 billion search requests a week  four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex and DuckDuckGo combined.
Algolia is part of a cadre of innovative new companies that are driving the next generation of software development, creating APIs that make developers lives easier; solutions that are better than building from scratch and better than having to tweak monolithic SaaS solutions.
In 2021, the company closed 150 million in series D funding and quadrupled its post-money valuation of 2.25 billion. Being well capitalized enables Algolia to continue to invest in its market leading platform, to better serve its thousands of customersincluding Under Armor, Petsmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens, to name just a few. 
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR:
Were looking for talented, passionate people to build the worlds best search  discovery technology. As an ownership-driven company, we seek team members who thrive within an environment based on autonomy and diversity. Were committed to building an inclusive and diverse workplace. We care about each other and the world around us, and embrace talented people regardless of their race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability and socioeconomic background.
READY TO APPLY?If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the worlds best search  discovery technology, wed love to review your application!