 Please note: We are currently open to candidates based in Eastern or Central time only.
Algolia is seeking a senior leader for our Product Marketing team to own company and product positioning, sales  public collateral, new product launch processes, customer insights and more! This is a high-profile and critical role at the nexus of Marketing, Product and Sales, with substantial potential to impact company growth. 
YOUR ROLE WILL CONSIST OF:


Own messaging and positioning for Algolia and its products. Messaging and positioning are in the middle of a comprehensive overhaul - you will own and build on the outputs.
Shape collateral and content for the public and the Sales team. This includes our website, pitch decks, white papers and online resource center. Neighboring teams will also help, e.g. the Website team with web design and building and Brand and Production teams with collateral and content.
Determine names and hierarchies for product offerings and features, working with Product leadership. This is also being overhauled currently - you will be the long-term owner.
Run new product  feature launch processes, working with the Product team during product conception and testing for insights and positioning advice - and with Sales, closer to launch, for messaging, collateral and enablement. This includes customer-friendly comms on our roadmap of upcoming releases.
Maintain customer insights  research across our audiences, including ecommerce companies and developers
Run competitor analysis and define responses to competitor comparisons for Sales with battle cards 
Collaborate with PR and Analyst Relations team so theyre representing our product well
Work with Demand Gen team, helping them craft product-related acquisition campaigns
Run Product Marketing team of c.5 people, taking responsibility for team composition, costs and outputs. Needless to say, skilled leadership, morale management and career mentoring are critical.


YOU MIGHT BE A FIT IF YOU ARE:
 

A skilled and successful B2B SaaS product marketer at e.g. VP or Director level 

We will also consider exceptional candidates who are not product marketers but have experience in a combination of related areas, e.g. brand, product management and content


Great coordination, stakeholder and project management skills: this role sits between and requires excellent collaboration with all of Marketing, Product and Sales 
Have an ear for what sells and enjoy working with Sales
Appetite and aptitude for working with Product on launches and their strategy more broadly
You need an eye for killer copy and good creative judgment: we are building our Creative team - you will work with them and product marketers to build great outputs

WERE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:


GRIT - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment.
TRUST - Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership.
CANDOR - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback.
CARE - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company.
HUMILITY - Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside.



LI-Hybrid LI-Remote
REMOTE STRATEGY:
Algolias flexible workplace model  is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individuals impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when. We know community comes in many forms and strive to create opportunities for intentional in-person connection in our offices and virtually for our remote colleagues around the world. 
We have a global presence with physical offices in San Francisco, NYC, Paris, London, Sydney and Bucharest.
ABOUT US:
Algolia prides itself on being a pioneer and market leader offering an AI-powered, API-First Search  Discovery platform that empowers 17,000 businesses to compose customer experiences at internet scale that predict what their users want with blazing fast search and web browse experience. Algolia powers more than 30 billion search requests a week  four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex and DuckDuckGo combined.
Algolia is part of a cadre of innovative new companies that are driving the next generation of software development, creating APIs that make developers lives easier; solutions that are better than building from scratch and better than having to tweak monolithic SaaS solutions.
In 2021, the company closed 150 million in series D funding and quadrupled its post-money valuation of 2.25 billion. Being well capitalized enables Algolia to continue to invest in its market leading platform, to better serve its thousands of customersincluding Under Armor, Petsmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens, to name just a few. 
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR:
Were looking for talented, passionate people to build the worlds best search  discovery technology. As an ownership-driven company, we seek team members who thrive within an environment based on autonomy and diversity. Were committed to building an inclusive and diverse workplace. We care about each other and the world around us, and embrace talented people regardless of their race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability and socioeconomic background.
READY TO APPLY?If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the worlds best search  discovery technology, wed love to review your application!