
At Algolia, we are passionate about helping developers  product teams connect their users with what matters most in milliseconds!


 


We are looking for highly driven individuals with strong technical aptitude and natural sales instincts to join our growing sales organization. As a Business Development Representative (BDR) at Algolia, you will play a critical role prospecting and expanding business opportunities for our France Enterprise and Commercial teams. You will take part in a wide variety of responsibilities that will help foster, qualify, and mature our pipeline with high profile customers. We need someone with a hunter attitude who can take direction as well as have the drive and motivation to work autonomously. We expect a strong go-getter!


 


Are you a resilient problem solver who isnt afraid to think outside the box and get their hands dirty? We expect you to take ownership and be able to execute against best practices, as much as be creative in the way you reach out to your prospects. Were looking for candidates who raise the level of our teams. You should value and practice transparency, have the humility to accept your weaknesses and continuously strive to improve both personally and professionally. Are you ready for the challenge?


 

YOUR ROLE WILL CONSIST OF:


Work closely with our Enterprise or Commercial teams to build global pipeline and strategies on how to approach targeted accounts
Identify, prospect key contacts at target accounts and build the foundations for a strong, long lasting relationship
Execute appropriate strategies by building out right content ie. case studies, screencasts, presentations, demo hacks. This is where we expect you to unleash your creativity!
Be an active part of the team, sharing best practices and participating in the Sales Development organisations projects
Manage, track and report sales activities and results using SFDC



YOU MIGHT BE A FIT IF YOU HAVE:


Prior experience in lead generation and sales (SaaS experience preferred, but not required)
Highly motivated with a competitive edge
Communication and writing skills are on point
Excellent spoken and written French skills required
Strong ability to quickly learn and adapt to change
Demonstrated success overachieving (professionally personally)
You have a keen interest in the tech industry
Experience at our current stage and beyond (50-200M ARR range, high growth, lots of change and building internal infrastructure) 



WERE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:


GRIT - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment.
TRUST - Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership.
CANDOR - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback.
CARE - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company.
HUMILITY - Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside.

LI-Hybrid LI-Remote
REMOTE STRATEGY:
Algolias flexible workplace model  is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individuals impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when. We know community comes in many forms and strive to create opportunities for intentional in-person connection in our offices and virtually for our remote colleagues around the world. 
We have a global presence with physical offices in San Francisco, NYC, Paris, London, Sydney and Bucharest.
ABOUT US:
Algolia prides itself on being a pioneer and market leader offering an AI-powered, API-First Search  Discovery platform that empowers 17,000 businesses to compose customer experiences at internet scale that predict what their users want with blazing fast search and web browse experience. Algolia powers more than 30 billion search requests a week  four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex and DuckDuckGo combined.
Algolia is part of a cadre of innovative new companies that are driving the next generation of software development, creating APIs that make developers lives easier; solutions that are better than building from scratch and better than having to tweak monolithic SaaS solutions.
In 2021, the company closed 150 million in series D funding and quadrupled its post-money valuation of 2.25 billion. Being well capitalized enables Algolia to continue to invest in its market leading platform, to better serve its thousands of customersincluding Under Armor, Petsmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens, to name just a few. 
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR:
Were looking for talented, passionate people to build the worlds best search  discovery technology. As an ownership-driven company, we seek team members who thrive within an environment based on autonomy and diversity. Were committed to building an inclusive and diverse workplace. We care about each other and the world around us, and embrace talented people regardless of their race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability and socioeconomic background.
READY TO APPLY?If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the worlds best search  discovery technology, wed love to review your application!