
At Algolia, we are passionate about helping developers  product teams connect their users with what matters most in milliseconds! 
 
Algolia is leading the way in removing the frictional boundary between intent and content, providing industry grade search and discovery tools to drive richer, more powerful engagement and success capabilities to companies of all sizes. In this endeavour, we seek passionate and industrious Solutions Architects ready to join a hyper-growth business to drive technical success in product implementation and adoption.
 
Solutions Architects are chartered with driving technical success and adoption of our most strategic enterprise customers. The Algolia product is a powerful platform, but it is the implementation that propels the highest customer outcomes. Solutions Architects take responsibility in owning Algolia solution patterns and consultation as trusted advisors to the enterprise customer base. 
 
The Solutions Architect team is also a key driver in the creation and prioritisation of the core product roadmap, enabling and ensuring our valued customers successfully leverage Algolia. Prototyping, developing and sharing unique tailored solutions via workshops and collateral - both internally and externally - helps both Algolia, and the depth of your own solution mastery. 
 
A key responsibility will be to lead, evaluate and contribute to our customers design efforts and advising customers on topics including vision, strategy and best practices for deployment of Algolia products, increasing adoption of Algolia products, and metrics for measuring the effectiveness of Algolia product deployments. 
 
An ideal background includes previous experience in a development and consulting role. The candidate is a seasoned professional with strong technical and business architecture experience to support the full Algolia product scope. Excellent relationship skills and the ability to partner across customer business units, other internal business units, and product teams will be critical to support delivery of expected outcomes
 
THE ROLE WILL CONSIST OF:


Be a Trusted Advisor; engage with our customers technical architects and business stakeholders to provide high-quality technical solutions and product training to drive successful customer outcomes
Link business processes with product technical solutions
Execute delivery methodology to drive projects to completion on time and on budget    
Troubleshoot key customer implementation issues and demonstrate ability to drive successful resolution
Prototype and catalog new solutions to fit business pain points 
Consult on architecture, indexing, searching, and UI best practices 
Expand relationship and product usage within the enterprise segment 
Engage in customer calls and on-site visits to help inform and align on product roadmaps for future partnership growth
Aid in the development of detailed action plan, roadmap, prototype, final recommendation document, SM Action Plan and Retrospective
Partner with Success Management and Engagement Manager and other internal roles to understand project goals and deliverables
Create and increase reusability of solutions content (blog posts, workshop tutorials, etc), tooling, and internal projects  
Build out tooling andor collateral to help scale customer engagement
Inform and ultimately evolve product ecosystem by listening and advocating for customers technical needs
Work with Engineering to track and resolve feature requests and bugs   
Meet with Product to stay informed on the latest changes to Algolia ecosystem and disseminate internally and to customers as appropriate

REQUIRED SKILLS  EXPERIENCE:

Polished consulting skills
Keen awareness of sensitive client topics
Capability to tactfully navigate and effectively address client messaging and recommendations
2 years professional experience as a full-stack web developer
Proficient in JavascriptHTMLCSS for the front-end
Proficient in a backend framework (i.e. node, Rails, Django, etc.)
Ability to establish credibility and rapport with Senior Executives and technical and non-technical team members
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with a history of hands-on project management of large and small initiatives
Ability to prioritize tasks effectively with a high-level of attention to detail
Ability to quickly define dependencies, issues, and outline mitigation plans against risks
Ability to work under tight deadlines while being flexible and responding to changing business and technical conditions
Ability to communicate effectively to both the technology and business communities
Consistent history of business-building successes and passion for results

NICE TO HAVE:

Backendfrontend mobile development
Analytics, AB testing
Familiarity in relevant verticalsE-commerceSaaSMedia
Project management experience
Experience within search domain and search-as-a-service companies
ElasticSolr
Experience at our current stage and beyond (50-200M ARR range, high growth, lots of change and building internal infrastructure)



WERE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:


GRIT - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment.
TRUST - Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership.
CANDOR - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback.
CARE - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company.
HUMILITY - Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside.

LI-Hybrid LI-Remote
REMOTE STRATEGY:
Algolias flexible workplace model  is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individuals impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when. We know community comes in many forms and strive to create opportunities for intentional in-person connection in our offices and virtually for our remote colleagues around the world. 
We have a global presence with physical offices in San Francisco, NYC, Paris, London, Sydney and Bucharest.
ABOUT US:
Algolia prides itself on being a pioneer and market leader offering an AI-powered, API-First Search  Discovery platform that empowers 17,000 businesses to compose customer experiences at internet scale that predict what their users want with blazing fast search and web browse experience. Algolia powers more than 30 billion search requests a week  four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex and DuckDuckGo combined.
Algolia is part of a cadre of innovative new companies that are driving the next generation of software development, creating APIs that make developers lives easier; solutions that are better than building from scratch and better than having to tweak monolithic SaaS solutions.
In 2021, the company closed 150 million in series D funding and quadrupled its post-money valuation of 2.25 billion. Being well capitalized enables Algolia to continue to invest in its market leading platform, to better serve its thousands of customersincluding Under Armor, Petsmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens, to name just a few. 
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR:
Were looking for talented, passionate people to build the worlds best search  discovery technology. As an ownership-driven company, we seek team members who thrive within an environment based on autonomy and diversity. Were committed to building an inclusive and diverse workplace. We care about each other and the world around us, and embrace talented people regardless of their race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability and socioeconomic background.
READY TO APPLY?If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the worlds best search  discovery technology, wed love to review your application!