
Algolia was built to help users deliver an intuitive search-as-you-type experience on their websites and mobile apps. We provide a search API used by thousands of customers in more than 100 countries. Billions of search queries are answered every month thanks to the code we push into production every day.
We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to join the Metis team. We are responsible for Metis, the cloud-based scalable architecture for NeuralSearch, our AI search engine, which incorporates both keyword and vector search. Metis consists of distributed components which orchestrate the building and storage of indices containing customer data and then querying that data to return search results. The role requires understanding and solving the challenges that come with complex distributed systems.
The team is composed of engineers, most of whom are fully remote, with different skill sets and backgrounds. Your experience, your knowledge and your perspective will add to this diversity and help the team deliver products that make a difference.
YOU WILL:

Be a key contributor to the design and development of the Metis system
Be responsible for operations for the Metis system including participation in out-of-hours on-call rota
Work with a full-remote team, with the option to be either full-remote, hybrid or office based (Paris) yourself
Be responsible for the quality and soundness of the system
Share your expertise on distributed systems
Work with other teams to identify, troubleshoot and resolve high impact issues

YOU MIGHT BE A FIT IF YOU HAVE:

Experience designing and operating distributed systems in production
Experience working with large datasets and high traffic
Rigor in high code quality, automated testing, and other engineering best practices
Excellent spoken and written English skills
Experience at our current stage and beyond (50-200M ARR range, high growth, lots of change and building internal infrastructure).

NICE TO HAVE:

Experience in Go
Experience in Kubernetes
Sensitivity to Site Reliability Engineering


WERE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:


GRIT - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment.
TRUST - Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership.
CANDOR - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback.
CARE - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company.
HUMILITY - Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside.




LI-Hybrid LI-Remote

Algolia is committed to providing Equal Opportunities in Employment to all applicants and employees regardless of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, military status, veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.Paris compensation range77.500—90.000 EURREMOTE STRATEGY:
Algolias flexible workplace model  is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individuals impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when. We know community comes in many forms and strive to create opportunities for intentional in-person connection in our offices and virtually for our remote colleagues around the world. 
We have a global presence with physical offices in San Francisco, NYC, Paris, London, Sydney and Bucharest.
ABOUT US:
Algolia prides itself on being a pioneer and market leader offering an AI-powered, API-First Search  Discovery platform that empowers 17,000 businesses to compose customer experiences at internet scale that predict what their users want with blazing fast search and web browse experience. Algolia powers more than 30 billion search requests a week  four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex and DuckDuckGo combined.
Algolia is part of a cadre of innovative new companies that are driving the next generation of software development, creating APIs that make developers lives easier; solutions that are better than building from scratch and better than having to tweak monolithic SaaS solutions.
In 2021, the company closed 150 million in series D funding and quadrupled its post-money valuation of 2.25 billion. Being well capitalized enables Algolia to continue to invest in its market leading platform, to better serve its thousands of customersincluding Under Armor, Petsmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens, to name just a few. 
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR:
Were looking for talented, passionate people to build the worlds best search  discovery technology. As an ownership-driven company, we seek team members who thrive within an environment based on autonomy and diversity. Were committed to building an inclusive and diverse workplace. We care about each other and the world around us, and embrace talented people regardless of their race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability and socioeconomic background.
READY TO APPLY?If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the worlds best search  discovery technology, wed love to review your application!