

The Customer Success Engineer (CSE) serves as a designated technical contact and a trusted advisor to Algolias customers.
The CSE is the key member of the Customer solutions team, acting as the main liaison on a wide variety of client-facing technical topics, such as:

Customer onboarding
Ad-hoc service delivery
Workshops delivery
Training

Furthermore, the CSE ensures the resolution of complex issues with the full context and understanding of the customers specific product and technology environment. By orchestrating reactive and proactive support across Algolia Product, Engineering and Customer Success teams, the CSE allows our customers to take full advantage of our offering.

YOUR ROLE WILL CONSIST OF

Act as a consultant on a variety of customers, delivering ad-hoc services tailored around their needs
Scope, shape and present technical workshops to drive Algolias adoption
Advise Algolias customers on the best technical and industry practices around search implementation and optimisation
Work closely with your accounts Customer Success Manager to ensure the customers long term health through a world-class support experience.
Work across the organization and escalate as necessary for confirmation of solutions or other options.
Partner with Product Teams and Engineering to develop subject matter expertise and serve as a product expert to your customers.
Develop, maintain and present comprehensive case status reports to customers on a regularly scheduled meeting.
Proactively identify and work with the customer to resolve technical risks and bottlenecks.
Provide guidance on how to optimize the use of their environment

YOU MIGHT BE A FIT IF YOU HAVE



Functional knowledge of at least one programming language such as: JavaScript, Java, PHP, C, Objective-C, Swift, Ruby, Python
Experience with REST API, database management, and web development technologies
Experience delivering technical workshops of various nature (training, knowledge transfer, implementation, code review)
Strong desire to help people solve problems with the ability to explain complex technical concepts to a broad audience
Proficiency in communicating complex technical issues to both technical and non-technical audiences via phone and email channels
Excellence in time management, task prioritization, and evaluation of situational urgency
Travel to customers locations may be required

NICE TO HAVE



Familiarity with iOS  Android platforms.
Experience supporting open-source projects  their GitHub communities.
Experience with Shopify, Magento, and Salesforce.com a plus
French or Spanish speaking is a plus



WERE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:

GRIT - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment
TRUST - Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership
CANDOR - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback
CARE - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company
HUMILITY - Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside


LI-Hybrid LI-Remote
REMOTE STRATEGY:
Algolias flexible workplace model  is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individuals impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when. We know community comes in many forms and strive to create opportunities for intentional in-person connection in our offices and virtually for our remote colleagues around the world. 
We have a global presence with physical offices in San Francisco, NYC, Paris, London, Sydney and Bucharest.
ABOUT US:
Algolia prides itself on being a pioneer and market leader offering an AI-powered, API-First Search  Discovery platform that empowers 17,000 businesses to compose customer experiences at internet scale that predict what their users want with blazing fast search and web browse experience. Algolia powers more than 30 billion search requests a week  four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex and DuckDuckGo combined.
Algolia is part of a cadre of innovative new companies that are driving the next generation of software development, creating APIs that make developers lives easier; solutions that are better than building from scratch and better than having to tweak monolithic SaaS solutions.
In 2021, the company closed 150 million in series D funding and quadrupled its post-money valuation of 2.25 billion. Being well capitalized enables Algolia to continue to invest in its market leading platform, to better serve its thousands of customersincluding Under Armor, Petsmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens, to name just a few. 
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR:
Were looking for talented, passionate people to build the worlds best search  discovery technology. As an ownership-driven company, we seek team members who thrive within an environment based on autonomy and diversity. Were committed to building an inclusive and diverse workplace. We care about each other and the world around us, and embrace talented people regardless of their race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability and socioeconomic background.
READY TO APPLY?If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the worlds best search  discovery technology, wed love to review your application!