
At Algolia, we are passionate about helping developers  product teams connect their users with what matters most in milliseconds! 
 
As a Partner Account Manager, you will help build out our momentum in the strategic accounts space by driving revenue through our system integrators, ISVs and digital agencies. Example partnerships could include Salesforce, Deloitte Digital, Accenture, Capgemini, Commercetools or Microsoft as well as mid size agencies.
As an integral part of the Global Alliances Team, the Partner Account Manager will lead the partnership and alliances strategy and execution within their territory with the goal of exceeding Algolias partner revenue and growth targets for targeted partner relationships. This role will focus on recruiting and onboarding new partners in your region, developing joint solutions, driving sales and marketing alignment and supporting joint selling and channel activities.
Location: Paris 
YOUR ROLE WILL CONSIST OF:

Driving net new revenue to Algolia via new and existing strategic partnerships, including, but not limited to agencies (AKQA, Jakala), system integrators (Accenture, Deloitte, Capgemini), complementary technology partners (Salesforce, Microsoft, Commercetools, Adobe), as well as consultancies and advisories, to name a few.
Detecting, recruiting and onboarding new partners aligned with your strategy of expansion
Leading all aspects of partner management across the region by being accountable for relationship development and growth, implementation of GTM strategies, performance discussions, distribution and enablement of Algolia products and integrations through partners
Driving partnership growth through ongoing partner sales enablement initiatives, account mapping, marketing campaigns, and partnership collaboration with quantifiable results in mind;
Organizing and attending regular partner meetings, industry events, and other in-person meetings to deepen relationships, becoming a critical voice and evangelizing Algolia, our product and integrations to net new and existing partners
Balancing resourceful outreach with data-driven focus, tracking success through KPIs and working closely with the regional sales leader to prioritize workload and deliver results in tandem, ensuring alignment at all times
Coordinate across teams (Solution Engineers, Partner Engineers, AEs, Business Development, Legal, Product) to provide guidance on strategy and prioritization for strategic partner needs and advancement of deals
Present and provide updates to EMEA sales leadership

YOU MIGHT BE A FIT IF YOU HAVE:

Youre looking for an opportunity to have an impact in one of the most successful company in France
You have a mindset sales driven, capable of anticipating peoples needs
Previous experience as quota carrying Alliance, Channel, Partner Manager or Sales Executive
Comfortable in working in a fast growing environment
Comfortable in working within a fast paced and multicultural team
History of establishing new relationships with partnerscustomers
Experience meeting multiple objectives in an entrepreneurial mode with autonomy
History of driving joint co-selling and co-marketing activities
Experience in a SaaS sales role is a plus
Excellent French  English skills required
Italian or any other language is a plus
Year of experience range: 5 years
Experience at a startup or our current stage (50-200M ARR range, high growth, lots of change and building internal infrastructure)
Location : Paris based  - we have an office on the 9th with an amazing view of Paris from our private rooftop.

WERE LOOKING FOR SOMEONE WHO CAN LIVE OUR VALUES:

GRIT - Problem-solving and perseverance capability in an ever-changing and growing environment
TRUST - Willingness to trust our co-workers and to take ownership 
CANDOR - Ability to receive and give constructive feedback.
CARE - Genuine care about other team members, our clients and the decisions we make in the company.
HUMILITY- Aptitude for learning from others, putting ego aside



LI-Hybrid LI-Remote
Algolia is committed to providing Equal Opportunities in Employment to all applicants and employees regardless of race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, military status, veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.Paris compensation range80.912—97.500 EURREMOTE STRATEGY:
Algolias flexible workplace model  is designed to empower all Algolians to fulfill our mission to power search and discovery with ease. We place an emphasis on an individuals impact, contribution, and output, over their physical location. Algolia is a high-trust environment and our team members have the autonomy to choose where they want to work and when. We know community comes in many forms and strive to create opportunities for intentional in-person connection in our offices and virtually for our remote colleagues around the world. 
We have a global presence with physical offices in San Francisco, NYC, Paris, London, Sydney and Bucharest.
ABOUT US:
Algolia prides itself on being a pioneer and market leader offering an AI-powered, API-First Search  Discovery platform that empowers 17,000 businesses to compose customer experiences at internet scale that predict what their users want with blazing fast search and web browse experience. Algolia powers more than 30 billion search requests a week  four times more than Microsoft Bing, Yahoo, Baidu, Yandex and DuckDuckGo combined.
Algolia is part of a cadre of innovative new companies that are driving the next generation of software development, creating APIs that make developers lives easier; solutions that are better than building from scratch and better than having to tweak monolithic SaaS solutions.
In 2021, the company closed 150 million in series D funding and quadrupled its post-money valuation of 2.25 billion. Being well capitalized enables Algolia to continue to invest in its market leading platform, to better serve its thousands of customersincluding Under Armor, Petsmart, Stripe, Gymshark, and Walgreens, to name just a few. 
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR:
Were looking for talented, passionate people to build the worlds best search  discovery technology. As an ownership-driven company, we seek team members who thrive within an environment based on autonomy and diversity. Were committed to building an inclusive and diverse workplace. We care about each other and the world around us, and embrace talented people regardless of their race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability and socioeconomic background.
READY TO APPLY?If you share our values and our enthusiasm for building the worlds best search  discovery technology, wed love to review your application!