Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
As a Salesforce Architect, your role involves crafting end-to-end scalable solutions within the Salesforce ecosystem to meet the evolving needs of the organization. 
 As a Salesforce Architect, you will: 

Offering expert advice and recommendations to the Business Technology team and stakeholders, extending your expertise beyond Salesforce to encompass overall system architecture and CRM strategy.
Demonstrating a deep understanding of native Salesforce features, functionality, integration, governance, and testing capabilities.
Assisting with technical requirements gathering sessions and design workshops to derive top-tier solutions, encompassing detailed architecture design and technical specifications.
Ensuring seamless integration of Salesforce solutions with existing ecosystems.
Staying abreast of new Salesforce features and proactively harnessing these features to enhance the solution.
Providing technical governance and risk management support during project delivery phases.
Recommending and upholding best practices to meet business requirements, maintain best practices artifacts, and ensure a high level of design quality.
Developing strategies for data integration, migration, and DevOps deployment.
Orchestrating demonstrations and Proof of Concepts to showcase the advantages of the solution.
Conducting technology assessments and advocating for best-in-class applications to bridge any gaps.
Coaching the development team and establishing coding standards during the implementation phase.

Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

8 to 10 years of experience in Salesforce implementation, with 2 to 3 years specifically as a Salesforce Architect.
Preferably holding Salesforce CPQ and Salesforce Architect certifications.
The ability to swiftly grasp system architecture and articulate a vision for a future technology stack via a well-defined roadmap.
Hands-on knowledge of Salesforce Core Cloud, Apex, integration, and CPQ.
Exceptional communication skills for effective customer interactions, presentations, storytelling, and engagement.
Strong problem-solving skills, especially in simplifying complex issues and solutions in a visual and impactful manner.
Experience collaborating with cross-functional teams, including C-level executives.
Familiarity with data modeling, SQL, integration with web services (SOAPRESTXML), and WSDL
A solid understanding of Salesforce development and deployment lifecycles, encompassing knowledge of sandboxes, licenses, deployment tools, and SFDX.
Demonstrated leadership abilities in building, managing, and cultivating a team-oriented environment.

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
We care about the well-being of our team: We offer competitive pay and benefits packages that reflect our commitment to the health and well-being of our Ampliteers.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision insurance coverages, with 100 employer-paid premiums for employee Medical, Dental, Vision on select plans
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment (annual), and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions and high quality physician office experience via One Medical membership (select U.S. locations only)
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2 Customer Reviews: 1 product analytics solution for 13 quarters in a row.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Founded in 2012, Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
This role is eligible for equity, benefits and other forms of compensation.Based on Colorado law, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Colorado. Colorado range: 174,000 - 262,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.Based on legislation in New York City, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in New York City. New York City salary range: 194,000 - 291,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in San Francisco Bay Area of California. Salary range: 194,000 - 291,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in California outside of the San Francisco Bay Area. California salary range: 174,000 - 262,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington state. Washington salary range: 174,000 - 262,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington only: unlimited PTO, 10 to 13 holidays annually (will vary), medical dental and vision PPO and CDHP plans. Finally, a company sponsored 401(k) retirement plan.
LI-SA1
LI-Hybrid