Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
Amplitudes GTM Strategy  Operations team is leading the strategy, planning and operational management across the GTM teams for Amplitude.  Sales Operations is a critical business partner and growth enabler leading our sales strategy, planning and operations for Sales.  We are searching for an outstanding Sales Strategy  Operations Manager Sr. Manager to support the growth of our AMER Sales team to partner with our Americas regional leadership and managers to continue our journey of growth of productivity.
 In this role, you will: 

Provide strategic and operational support to the AMER  Leadership team.
Drive and support the region and Sales planning, including organizational design, headcount allocation and prioritization, territory design, and quota balancing.
Scale and mature sales processes such as forecasting, territory  account planning, opportunity management, renewal management, leveraging the latest tools, data and techniques.
Manage the Sales business review process, proactively leveraging data and insights to drive action and improvement in sales productivity and performance.
Implement early warning systems to help actively manage the growth of the business (i.e. qualified pipeline, funnel activity, sales performanceexecution, forecasting, etc.)
Lead discussions around weekly and monthly KPIs including leading and lagging indicators for sales pipeline, sales activities, sales execution (win rates  sales cycle)
Conduct data-driven analysis to understand growth drivers and provide recommendations to the broader organization about future opportunities
Manage and uplevel existing business processes, such as forecasting, sales process and renewals management. 

Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

Experience with innovative, high performing, and fast paced revenue organizations at a high-growth enterprise B2B SaaS company
Strong executive presence and an ability to communicate effectively with your peers, senior field leadership, and executive team
A track record of lifting up the people around you
Thinking about the bigger picture of how the AMER GTM team can fuel future growth and operate efficiently and effectively
Worked closely with an AMER Leadership team and collaborated with cross-functional teams

At minimum, you should have:

7 years of experience in a  strategy and operations role supporting sales
Ability to partner with executives and manage multiple stakeholders cross functionally
Proficient in Google Sheets or Microsoft Excel (e.g. should know commonly-used functions such as INDEX(MATCH), VLOOKUP, COUNTIFS, SUMIFS, Pivot Tables)
Knowledgeexperience with Salesforce.com is required
Self-starter mentality with a high degree of follow through; can own and take tasks through to completion
BA or BS from an accredited university preferred

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
We care about the well-being of our team: We offer competitive pay and benefits packages that reflect our commitment to the health and wellbeing of our Ampliteers.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision insurance coverages, with 100 employer-paid premiums for employee Medical, Dental, Vision on select plans
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment (annual), and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions and high quality physician office experience via One Medical membership (select U.S. locations only)
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2: 1 product analytics solution and 3 best software product according to the 2022 G2 Best Software report.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Benchmark Capital, Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
This role is eligible for equity, benefits and other forms of compensation.Based on Colorado law, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Colorado. Colorado range: 138,000 - 207,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in New York City, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in New York City. New York City salary range: 153,000 - 230,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in San Francisco Bay Area of California. Salary range: 153,000 - 230,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in California outside of the San Francisco Bay Area. California salary range: 138,000 - 207,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington state. Washington salary range: 138,000 - 207,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington only: unlimited PTO, 10 to 13 holidays annually (will vary), medical dental and vision PPO and CDHP plans. Finally, a company sponsored 401(k) retirement plan.