Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
We are looking for an Engineering Manager to join our backend team responsible for the APIs, services and data stores that power the core analytics product at Amplitude. The ideal candidate should be excited about mentoring engineers, leading technical design discussions, being hands-on with the code, and caring about getting the details right. 
 As an Engineering Manager, you will: 

Lead the design, development and delivery of Amplitudes core backend systems and services. 
Build, mentor and motivate a team of 5 engineers, leveraging their strengths to drive exceptional business results and challenging them to continue to grow their careers at Amplitude.
Contribute to the teams codebase and challenge decisions related to system design and operational processes. 
Ensure high technical standards around quality and product performance by instituting good processes and building a culture of engineering excellence.
Clearly communicate and collaborate across teams on technical topics and provide timely and accurate information on project schedules and dependencies. 
Build and execute on a technology roadmap that supports and complements the short and long range product development roadmaps.

Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

5 years of Engineering experience building backend for high performing user facing products in a fast paced environment.
2 years of Engineering Management experience.
Experience building application services, APIs, and the processes around testing, monitoring, and SLAs.
Experience with both relational database systems (Postgres) and NoSQL systems (Dynamo, Redis)
DevOps experience implementing large scale data stacks using AWS managed and serverless architectures.
Expertise in Python is a huge plus!
BS (or higher) in Computer Science, or a related field.

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
We care about the well-being of our team: We offer competitive pay and benefits packages that reflect our commitment to the health and well-being of our Ampliteers.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision insurance coverages, with 100 employer-paid premiums for employee Medical, Dental, Vision on select plans
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment (annual), and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions and high quality physician office experience via One Medical membership (select U.S. locations only)
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2 Customer Reviews: 1 product analytics solution for 13 quarters in a row.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Founded in 2012, Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
 
This role is eligible for equity, benefits and other forms of compensation.Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in San Francisco Bay Area of California. Salary range: 234,000 - 351,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in California outside of the San Francisco Bay Area. California salary range: 210,000 - 316,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.
LI-SA1
LI-hybrid