Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.Senior Staff AI Engineer 
Do you want to develop and operate production ML systems using volumes of human behavioral data not available to anyone else in the world? Do you want to work closely with customers, Product Engineers, and other ML Engineers to rapidly iterate on models and features that get used within hours of you building them? Do you want to train the worlds first Large Behavioral Model?
If the answer to those questions is yes!, keep reading.
Amplitude has been an AI company for years - we have ML products that customers have been using to power their own products for the last 2 years, and weve been making use of AI internally to make our product smarter in just about every way.
Behavioral data is incredibly important for any user-facing AIML features. Were able to use Amplitudes incumbency in the Product Analytics space to go beyond RLHF by using behavior to measure model effectiveness, and train massive models on our many petabytes of data that will become general human-prediction machines.
At Amplitude, were dedicated to building analytics that helps our customers use data to build better products and drive growth. Were already the platform of choice for many top product teams around the world including Microsoft, Square, and Airbnb.
As a Senior Staff ML  AI  Research Engineer, you will:

Work closely with other ML Engineers and Product Engineering to build models that solve real problems for customers, and get used immediately
Challenge, learn from, and teach your fellow ML  Product Engineers
Contribute to the engineering culture of a team distributed between London and San Francisco
Contribute to, and be a technical leader for a Python ML codebase and TypeScript application codebase
Lead engineering discussions and mentor others on engineering best practices
Participate in design and code reviews

 
Youll be a great fit if you:

Worked on industrial ML models on very large datasets (100 GB size) end to end
Developed  Productionized Deep Learning Models

Extra street cred if you:
Have worked closely with Product Engineering in the past

Enjoy MeetupsHackathons
Love pair programming
Enjoy teaching, mentoring, and sharing knowledge

 
Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment, and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions 
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

 
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2: 1 product analytics solution and 3 best software product according to the 2022 G2 Best Software report.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Benchmark Capital, Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation. 
LI-EM1 LI-Hybrid 
 