Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About the Role  Team
As a Sales Development Representative (SDR), you will represent Amplitude by helping our prospects and customers successfully navigate their journey as they explore our Digital Analytics Platform. With a mix of strong process and creativity, you will drive new business revenue through both inbound and outbound opportunity generation. This is a fun, fast-paced and ambitious environment. You will build valuable, transferable skills to help grow your career in sales! 
What To Expect

Empower Others: Partner with our sales and marketing teams to build creative outreach programs that build pipeline within your territory
Own Your Success: Research and build new and existing accounts via adding contacts, outbound calling efforts, and sending strategic email and social campaigns
Wear The Customers Shoes: Engaging in high-level conversations with Product Managers, Architects, Executives, and C-Suite to enhance awareness and interest in targeted industries and segments
Be Inclusive: Develop strong relationships (both internal and external), and really excel at building long-lasting partnerships with prospective customers
Investment in You: Dedicated SDR onboarding with continuous training, multiple career paths within the organization, and a commitment from leadership to professional development

Our Team

Agile, team-centric professional that demonstrates compassion, and technical curiosity to learn enterprise software sales and launch (or re-launch) your career
Strong communicator with a passion for connecting with people virtually, over the phone, and face-to-face
Positive demeanor, who is open to feedback and always looking for ways to improve
Detective mentality with a curiosity of AB testing new messaging, as well as loving the search for new information with next-level critical thinking
Driven by purpose and by winning with a team-first attitude
Enjoy working in a diverse team and environment where a rich and inclusive culture matters above all else

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
We care about the well-being of our team: along with excellent health insurance, we offer flexible time off, a monthly wellness stipend, a generous parental leave, a subscription to Modern Health, and a generous Learning  Development stipend.
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform  we help companies understand their users, rapidly release better product experiences, and ultimately grow their business. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2: 1 product analytics solution and 3 best software product 
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world
Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Benchmark Capital, Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in San Francisco Bay Area of California. Salary range: 64,000 - 96,000 total target cash (inclusive of commission)
Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in California outside of the San Francisco Bay Area. California salary range: 57,000 - 86,000 total target cash (inclusive of commission)
LI-AA1
LI-Hybrid