Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
Amplitudes Partner Ecosystem is made up of the best-in-class consultancies, agencies and technology providers globally. We are looking for a Partner Sales Manager to support to drive revenue in collaboration with our top solution and tech partners  field sales teams. You will support a sales territory and be responsible for setting the strategy and direction of the partnerships in the region to drive revenue for Amplitude. Amplitudes Partner Team is critical in laying the foundation for the Partner Ecosystem and enabling a frictionless partner experience, all with the goal of delivering impactful business outcomes for clients. Partner Sales Managers develop relationships and collaborate across cross-functional teams, work closely with field sales teams, Partners and prospective partners to understand the business value Amplitude brings and the broader vision of what we are building. The Partner Sales Manager will also build and execute on scalable partner motions, and contribute to driving revenue through a mixture of marketing initiatives and sales collaboration.
 As a Partner Sales Manager, you will: 

Align with Sales leadership to develop a partner strategy appropriate for each aligned sales territory, designed to achieve identified pipeline and revenue targets 
Heavy collaboration with GTM Partner Manager(s) to execute appropriate partner strategies in territory  
Activate GTM partners in region that help broaden and enhance Amplitudes Digital Analytics Platform by driving sourced and influenced revenue
Develop a small set of regional partners to support sales motions  compliment GTM partners. 
Actively track joint sales pipeline and meet or exceed quarterly and annual revenue targets
Act as co-selling SME to advise pre  post sales functions (Sales, Success, Solution Consulting, Professional Services)on best practices for partner collaboration
Monitor partners business results, making recommendations for improvements to increase penetration for the strategic partners. Attend internal pipeline and forecast calls to identify where partners can support  augment based on capabilities, vertical  horizontal focus areas 
Own and execute pipeline calls between partners  territory sales leadership to provide visibility into current quarter, next quarter and long term strategic opportunities
Integrate GTM Partner marketing plans into an execution plan relevant to territory
Act as Partner SME for Field sales team- integrated as part of Territory leadership team (Sales, SC, CS, Partners and Services)
Establish rules of engagement and operational escalation procedures to quickly identify and resolve issues

 
People who would be rockstars in this role, should have some of the following attributes:

Must have at least 5 years of experience in Partner Sales, Channel Management or Partner Development roles
Experience in a fast-paced environment, growing and managing co-sell  marketing motions in various market segments (Enterprise, Mid-Size, SMB)
Uses data to make decisions about priorities
Solves complex problems and design processes, a doer with a bias for execution
Is motivated by exceeding partner engagement and revenue targets
Knowledge of the Product Management or Analytics, Experimentation  Growth landscape is preferred. You might have worked in the industry or have a passion for learning
An entrepreneurial mindset to build new partnerships, create new categories, and make an impact
A passion for collaborating with colleagues in a  team centric environment

 
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
 
We care about the well-being of our team: We offer competitive pay and benefits packages that reflect our commitment to the health and wellbeing of our Ampliteers.
 
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision insurance coverages, with 100 employer-paid premiums for employee Medical, Dental, Vision on select plans
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment (annual), and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions and high quality physician office experience via One Medical membership (select U.S. locations only)
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

 
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2: 1 product analytics solution and 3 best software product according to the 2022 G2 Best Software report.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Benchmark Capital, Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
 
This role is eligible for equity, benefits and other forms of compensation.Based on Colorado law, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Colorado. Colorado range: 158,000 - 237,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus or commission)Based on legislation in New York City, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in New York City. New York City salary range: 176,000 - 264,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus or commission)Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in San Francisco Bay Area of California. Salary range: 176,000 - 264,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus or commission)Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in California outside of the San Francisco Bay Area. California salary range: 158,000 - 237,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus or commission)Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington state. Washington salary range: 158,000 - 237,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus or commission)Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington only: unlimited PTO, 10 to 13 holidays annually (will vary), medical dental and vision PPO and CDHP plans. Finally, a company sponsored 401(k) retirement plan.