Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
The Southern EMEA  Region is looking for an Enterprise AE for the French  market. Weve built a great team and are looking to build upon the success of the last few years.  This is an opportunity to join the French team at an exciting time, complimenting our team as we see increased momentum and market maturity. The role requires an ideal candidate to be based out of Paris.
 As an Enterprise AE, you will: 

Create new opportunities in the enterprise segment (1500 employees) through prospecting, networking, etc. Primary focus is to land new logos in the region.
Become knowledgeable on Amplitudes product and conduct discovery calls and presentations to prospective customers. Attempt new sales methods through fearlessness and willingness to take risks.
Effectively sell the value of Amplitude to key stakeholders within the account while navigating a complex sales cycle.
Have responsibility for expanding existing customers (working with a Customer Success team) and landing new logos
Lead territory building initiatives in the Enterprise Segment by working with technology partners, solutions partners, product management networking groups and regional events to drive awareness, educate the market, create net new opportunities and influence current pipeline.
Collaborate well with team members (particularly an SDR  Solution Consultant); proactively identify best practices and share feedback  proactively
Consistently take quantitative and strategic approaches in territory planning. Understand total pipeline size, top opportunities, opportunity stage management, coverage factor, historical close rate, rate of retention and upsell potential. Forecast accurately.
Exceed quarterly and annual targets

Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

7 years of SaaS Experience
Ability to tell a story using data
Experience building a verticalnew business  creating your own pipeline
Detailed Account Planning Experience
Successful track record of being a top performer
Ability to work and thrive in a highly collaborative company and team setting
Excellent communication and presentation skills
You are hungry, and thrive in a growing, start-up environment
There is no challenge too big to you
Opening up a new accounts is exciting to you
You thrive on experimentation and innovating the sale process 
You are naturally curious and empathetic towards customers and prospects
You embrace feedback and are open to developing personally and professionally
Experience in the Fintech  Finance sector is a plus but not mandatory
You are fluent in French and English. 

Amplitude in France is a dynamic team, part of our South EMEA region. We enjoy working with each other in a collaborative and fun environment.
 
Who We Are
 
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical and insurance coverages, 
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter (monthly), home office equipment and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave,
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2: 1 product analytics solution and 3 best software product according to the 2022 G2 Best Software report.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Benchmark Capital, Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
LI-EM1 LI-Hybrid 