Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
Amplitudes mission is to help companies build better products.  By building best-in-class teams, we create best-in-class products that customers love.  We approach challenges with humility, we take ownership over our work, and our growth mindset pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers.
We are looking for a creative and persistent Enterprise Account Executive whose role will be to build upon an existing customer base across the Nordic region with a focus on landing new logos in Enterprise Accounts. Amplitude is looking for a self-starter with connections in the market (both customers and partners) to focus on growing Amplitudes presence in the Nordics.
In addition, you will be joining a small team of founding members of our Amplitude NEMEA team, and you will have the opportunity to help build out the region. Our current team is currently based in and around the London area, with an office in Central London. 
Its a demanding and rewarding job with an extremely relevant company in a dynamic and exciting market!
 As an Enterprise Account Executive, you will:

Create new opportunities with Enterprise (1500 employees) level clients,  through prospecting, networking, etc. Primary focus is to land new logos in the region.
Become an expert on Amplitudes product and conduct discovery calls, customized demos, and presentations to prospective customers. Attempt new sales methods through fearlessness and willingness to take risks.
Effectively sell the value of Amplitude to key stakeholders within the account while navigating a complex sales cycle.
Lead territory building initiatives in the wider Nordic region by working with technology partners, product management, networking groups and regional events to drive awareness, educate the market, create net new opportunities and influence current pipeline.
Collaborate well with team members (specifically an SC and Corporate AE focused on the Nordics); proactively identify best practices and share proactively.
Consistently take quantitative and strategic approach in territory planning. Understand total pipeline size, top opportunities, opportunity stage management, coverage factor, historical close rate, rate of retention and upsell potential. Forecast accurately.

Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

5 years of upper Enterprise level closing sales experience in SaaS (e.g. in the Big Data, Analytics, Mobile or MarTech spaces) in the Enterprise Market segment, plus additional market segmentation sales experience gained prior to Enterprise, total min 10-15 years of quota carrying roles.
English language, with Nordic Language skills a bonus- with excellent communication and presentation skills. 
Ability to tell a story using data.
Experience building a verticalnew business and building a new territory - hungry to thrive in a growing, start-up environment. 
Detailed Account Planning Experience.
Successful track record of being a top performer.
Ability to work and thrive in a highly collaborative company and team setting - you embrace feedback and want to develop personally and professionally. 

 
Who We Are
 
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical care
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment, and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

 
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2 Customer Reviews: 1 product analytics solution for 13 quarters in a row.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Founded in 2012, Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
 
LI-EM1