Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
Amplitudes mission is to be the operating system for digital business. At its core, Amplitude provides a new window into digital customer behavior that helps businesses answer the question: Where do we place our digital bets to maximize growth? We approach challenges with humility, we take ownership of our contributions, and our growth mindset pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
We are looking for a Services Sales Consultant who knows how to sell Services and has proven experience helping customers maximize their investment. You have a strong drive to get results and are very motivated to exceed sales quota. You have natural curiosity and empathy to establish relationships and provide the best solutions to our customers. You are a professional and are comfortable working in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.  Sound like you? Keep reading
 
You will lead the sales process for our Professional Services team to maximize revenue growth and accelerate product value. You will be an important member of the extended sales team and work with Account Executives and Customer Success Managers to create solutions for our customers and prospects. You will scope and present Professional Services offerings and capabilities to new prospects and existing customers. You will manage the services sales lifecycle from scoping through the final signature.
 
 As a Services Sales Consultant, you will: 

Achieve quota to produce Professional Services sales
Discover and forecast Services opportunities 
Lead the Services pre-sales process with the Account team to understand the customers business and technical goals and translate them into a well constructed proposal
Collaborate with Account Executives to create Professional Services opportunities, manage pursuits, present project SOWs and be an essential partner in closing deals
Present Customer Success and Professional Services offerings to prospects and existing customers
Work with the Professional Services leaders for resource planning to ensure successful knowledge transfer and implementation of new customers
Understand Amplitude Partner delivery program and partner solution capabilities 

 
Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

5 years of relevant business experience, preferably in Big Data, Analytics, or MarTech 
3 years of SaaS services sales experience and have proven results exceeding quota
Excellent customer service and communication skills
Ability to develop trusted relationships with prospects and customers
Some travel may be required

 
Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
We care about the well-being of our team: along with excellent health insurance, we offer flexible time off, a monthly wellness stipend, a 12-week parental leave, a generous Learning  Development stipend, and a full 10 year window to exercise your stock options.  And when our offices are open, we offer delicious in-office lunch, dinner,  snacks, and commuting benefits.
The Product: Amplitude is a product intelligence platform we help companies understand their users, rapidly release better product experiences, and grow their business. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to build on: a platform that enables companies to thrive. 
Amplitude powers digital upstarts like Calm and Peloton and technology leaders like Microsoft and Paypal, but also 100 year old companies like Ford, as they rethink their digital revenue strategy.
 
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

Amplitude is a tech startup to bet your career on in 2021, according to Business Insider.
Amplitude had a record year of growth in 2020 and grew employee headcount by 24.
Amplitude is one of the best software products on the market according to G2.
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Benchmark Capital, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
More than 20 of the Fortune 100 are customers of Amplitude as are innovative brands such as Calm, Microsoft, Ford, NBC Universal, Hubspot, PayPal and Peloton.
We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Amsterdam, London, Paris and Singapore.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
 
Amplitudes DI Commitment: Amplitude believes that diversity enables creation of better products, ability to solve complex problems, and drive more powerful solutions. In order to make diversity possible, we commit to striving to create an environment of inclusion: an environment focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection, which will allow employees of all backgrounds to feel the care they need to thrive. 
LI-DL1 LI-Remote