Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.The Sales Development team is a strategic component of our go-to-market strategy. You will look to capture the attention of commercial  enterprise level companies to proactively build out our customer base. This position offers an outstanding opportunity to build a successful career in software sales.
As an SDR, you will be the first point of contact for new and existing prospects and customers respectively. With a mix of strong process and creativity, you will help drive new business revenue through both inbound and outbound opportunity generation. 
You will engage effectively through various traditional channels such as email and phone while at the same time leveraging the latest prospecting methods like social, video prospecting and direct mail to generate meaningful conversations with product experts and senior business executives in prospect and customer accounts to fuel our companys growth.
You will work closely with your assigned account executives to create and execute on a territory plan that will be critical to your success. You will also work closely with the marketing team to improve our campaigns and messaging in order to understand whats working and focus on where we win.
At Amplitude, we are a company committed to your growth, your learning, your development, and your entire employee experience. We only win when our employees succeed. We have a cultural foundation built on diversity, inclusion, and innovation and we want you and your ideas to thrive at Amplitude.
Who?
You are right for this position if you:

Have a growth mindset and believe that your most basic abilities can be developed through dedication and hard work, brains and talent are just the starting point.
Have a positive attitude and are optimistic about situations and interactions and remain hopeful in difficult situations.
Enjoy working in a diverse team and environment where a rich and inclusive culture matters above all else.
Enjoy working in a high paced dynamic working environment where change is something that is always present.
Have gained some experience in sales, outbound calling or closing in the PaaSSaaS industries OR in another industry.
Your long-term goal is to have a successful sales career in the tech industry, i.e. as an Account Executive or in a Team Lead role.

What?
As an Sales Development Representative, you will:

Empower Others: Partner with our sales and marketing teams to build creative outreach programs that build pipeline within your territory.
Own Your Success: Research and build new and existing accounts via adding contacts, outbound calling efforts and sending strategic email and social campaigns.
Wear The Customers Shoes: Engaging in high level conversations with Product Managers, Architects, Executives and C-Suite to enhance awareness and interest in targeted industries and segments.
Be Inclusive: Develop strong relationships (both internal and external), and really excel at building long-lasting partnerships with prospective customers.

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment, and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions and high quality physician office experience via One Medical membership (select U.S. locations only)
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2: 1 product analytics solution and 3 best software product according to the 2022 G2 Best Software report.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Benchmark Capital, Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
 