Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
The APJ Partner Customer Success Manager sits within our Customer Success Team and also works closely with our Partnerships Team. The Customer Success team is responsible for building relationships with and driving long-term value realization for Amplitudes customers. As a Senior Partner  Success Manager on the APJ team, you are responsible for making sure that our reseller customers in Korea and Japan are successful in achieving their product goals. You will have the opportunity to work with both innovative digital-first brands and more traditional companies looking to embrace a data-driven future and have a significant impact on Amplitudes Customer Success strategy. 
You enjoy working in a fast-paced environment where you wear many hats. You get equally excited by growing your book of business in partnership with sales as you do by helping a customer on their success journey. You apply a growth mindset to learning new technical and job skills. You bring strong organization, problem-solving, and communication skills along with a passion for working with customers.
To learn more about our team, check out our blog post on Customer Success at Amplitude!
As a Senior Partner Customer Success Manager, you will:

Establish key relationships across the partner ecosystem in Korea and Japan, and establish yourself as a trusted advisor to both the partners and a select list of High Touch key accounts in the region. Align closely with the APJ Head of Customer Success to drive accountability for customer retention  activation targets. 
Enable the partner network with Customer Success Planning  Value Delivery best practices. Coach them to define, align  manage the Customer Success Plan for your book of business. Regularly monitor account health and adoption to find opportunities to help customers acquire maximum value from Amplitude.  Leverage your Amplitude product expertise along with customer use case knowledge to proactively identify growth opportunities.
Partner with Partner Sales Managers to provide a world-class experience to our agency partners, support account planning, expansion growth, advocacy  sponsorship. Join Executive Business Reviews to articulate value realization and identify opportunities to drive more from Amplitude investments. 
Quickly build expertise in the Amplitude product and the product intelligence space. Serve as a knowledge bridge between the Amplitude team, your partner network, and the strategic partner customers to teach new product functionality and solicit inbound product feedback
Serve as a trusted technical advisor for your book of business, and work with key customers on their technical implementation. Develop a mastery of Amplitude products in order to provide strategic consultation in taxonomy design, instrumentation, and data governance. 

 
Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

Experience in channel partner or reseller customer management at scale
5 years of technology industry experience - preferably in the Big Data, Analytics, Mobile or MarTech space.
Prior experience working with SaaS solutions in the following domains is preferred: product analytics, digital marketing, AB testing, business intelligence, customer data platforms, data warehousespipelines, or any of our integration partners.
History working in an agency or large consultancy in a digital delivery capacity.
Proven ability to learn and explain a technical product or concept
Strong organizational, time management and prioritization skills
Problem-solving mentality and positive attitude towards the change that comes with working at a rapidly growing company
Language skills: Fluent in Korean and English. Preferred Japanese competency.

 
Who We Are
 
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2: 1 product analytics solution and 3 best software product according to the 2022 G2 Best Software report.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Benchmark Capital, Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
LI-EM1 LI-Remote