Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About the Role  Team
As an Enterprise Account Executive: 

Develop and execute a territory and account plan for existing enterprise customers
Maintain existing relationships and build and grow a new opportunities focusing on assigned strategic enterprise accounts through prospecting, and collaboration with your internal ecosystem (Customer Success, SDR, leadership)
Become an expert on Amplitudes product and conduct discovery calls, customized demos, and presentations to prospective customers
Effectively sell the value of Amplitude to key stakeholders within the account while navigating a complex sales cycle across various lines of business including multiple stakeholders across product, engineering, analytics, and marketing
Collaborate well with team members and forecast accurately
Exceed quarterly and annual targets

Youll be a great addition to the team if: 

You have 10 years of closing Enterprise SaaS Experience in the Big Data, Analytics, Mobile or MarTech space
Youre able to tell a story using data
You have experience building, leading and growing new business within enterprise companies
You have experience with account and territory planning
Youve maintained a successful track record of being a top performer
You have the passion to work and thrive in a team setting

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform   we help companies understand their users, rapidly release better product experiences, and ultimately grow their business. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era. 
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2: 1 product analytics solution and 3 best software product 
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world
Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Benchmark Capital, Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
 
LI-Remote
LI-DL1
 