Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
We are looking for a Sr. Director of Strategic Finance with a passion for data and analytics. Youll work closely with our Executive Leadership Team and play an integral role in shaping our company strategy and guiding our investments.
 As a Sr. Director of Strategic Finance, you will provide: 

Strategic Synergy: Youre the go to person for members of our Executive Leadership Team. Translate visionary ambitions into actionable, financially sound strategies.
Finance with Foresight: Go beyond traditional accounting. Steer our budgets and forecasts like youre shaping the future.
Metrics that Mobilize: If its not driving growth or value, why measure it? Be the compass.
Guard and Guide the Capital: Every dime has a purpose. Ensure our capital allocation amplifies our intent and propels our vision.
Cultivate Financial Stalwarts: Rally and nurture a team thats passionate about our mission and geared for industry-leading performance.

Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

Bachelors degree in Finance, Business, or a related field. MBA or advanced finance degree preferred.
12 years of experience in strategic finance, financial planning  analysis, or related roles, preferably within SaaS or technology companies.
Demonstrated experience partnering with Executives.
Strong analytical, modeling, and forecasting skills and proficiency in SaaS metrics, financial systems, and tools.
Outstanding communication skills with an ability to convey complex financial concepts to a diverse audience.
Leadership skills with a track record of building and leading successful teams.

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
We care about the well-being of our team: along with excellent health insurance, we offer flexible time off, a monthly wellness stipend, a generous parental leave, a subscription to Modern Health, and a generous Learning  Development stipend. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform   we help companies understand their users, rapidly release better product experiences, and ultimately grow their business. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era. 
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2: 1 product analytics solution and 3 best software product 
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world
Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Benchmark Capital, Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.This role is eligible for equity, benefits and other forms of compensation.Based on Colorado law, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Colorado. Colorado range: 243,000 - 364,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in New York City, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in New York City. New York City salary range: 270,000 - 405,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in San Francisco Bay Area of California. Salary range: 270,000 - 405,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in California outside of the San Francisco Bay Area. California salary range: 243,000 - 364,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington state. Washington salary range: 243,000 - 364,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington only: unlimited PTO, 10 to 13 holidays annually (will vary), medical dental and vision PPO and CDHP plans. Finally, a company sponsored 401(k) retirement plan.