Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
Were a team of full-stack engineers building a new way for software teams to capture and maintain high quality product analytics. Designing best-in-class developer experiences is core to our mission and were looking for someone to lead the charge with our most popular SDKs, code generation tools, and static code analyzers. If youre passionate about building software that wows other developers and changes the way they think about analytics, please reach out, we would love to chat!
As a Staff Software Engineer, you will: 

Lead the full-stack design and development of features that improve the day-to-day experience of developers implementing Amplitude in their applications.
Lead the design and development of analytics SDKs for a variety of platforms (iOS, Android, Java, and others).
Evaluate and implement the best APIs and developer experiences for analytics tracking on each platform.
As one of the teams polyglots, write and test code in multiple programming languages, often on the same day.
Provide technical customer support to engineers deploying our analytics SDKs in their applications.
Write developer documentation published in READMEs and our technical docs site.
Extend CICD to automate the build process, testing, and deployment of SDKs to their respective package managers.
Lead cross-functional collaboration with product and design teams to iterate on our products.
Lead engineering discussions and mentor others on engineering best practices.

Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

Expertise in full-stack web app development using NodeJS, JavaScriptTypeScript, and React.
Attention to detail and obsession over fit-and-finish and design perfection in all aspects of your work.
Practical knowledge of mobile app development and at least Swift, Objective-C, Kotlin, or Java. Knowledge of PHP, Ruby, Python, Go, or C is a bonus.
Design code libraries with elegant APIs used broadly within an organization or externally in an open source environment.
Relentlessly debug difficult-to-reproduce problems in foreign environments your code may be running in.
Prioritize and incorporate customer feedback back into the product.
Communicate thoughts, opinions, and feelings to teammates and customers concisely and actionably.

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
We care about the well-being of our team: We offer competitive pay and benefits packages that reflect our commitment to the health and wellbeing of our Ampliteers.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision insurance coverages, with 100 employer-paid premiums for employee Medical, Dental, Vision on select plans
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment (annual), and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions and high quality physician office experience via One Medical membership (select U.S. locations only)
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2 Customer Reviews: 1 product analytics solution for 13 quarters in a row.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Founded in 2012, Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
This role is eligible for equity, benefits and other forms of compensation.Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in San Francisco Bay Area of California. Salary range: 199,000 - 300,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in California outside of the San Francisco Bay Area. California salary range: 180,000 - 270,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.LI-SA1 LI-Hybrid