Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
At Amplitude, were building a Digital Analytics Platform that helps our customers use data to build better products and drive growth. Were already the analytics platform of choice for many top product teams around the world. Our team is defining the future of how companies interact with data to build better products.
Our infrastructure consists of over 5,000 servers on AWS and is continuing to grow. As a member of our Platform team, you will be responsible for keeping our infrastructure secure and performant through your work on our deployment, automation, and monitoring systems. You will also work closely with our development teams to implement the necessary processes to keep our platform highly available, efficient and secure. Your work will touch many technologies including AWS, Docker, Kubernetes, Saltstack, Consul, Redis, Kafka, and Postgres.
 As a Staff Engineer, you will: 

Design, build, and continuously improve our CICD pipeline using the Argo suite (ArgoWorkflow, ArgoEvents, ArgoCD)
Individually own a technical vision for the team. 
Determine where we need the most tooling and owning the outcome of that tool. Drive adoption and incorporate feedback from engineers
Identify blind spots in our telemetry and own projects to improve it. Train and educate other teams to understand and leverage new telemetry metrics
Understand how to simplify our configuration systems to ensure any engineer can leverage the system. Identify how to support systems without custom configurations
Define and own the outcomes for our build systems. Determine what tooling, custom applications, or re-architecting of services is required to ensure a smooth build and deploy process
Participate in an on-call rotation with the Platform team
Research and implement improvements to how we manage our infrastructure

Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

5 years of experience working in a DevOpsPlatformInfrastructure role
2 years of experience with software engineering in at least one modern language such as Python, Java, or Javascript
Experience managing and automating large AWS deployments (1000 machines)
Good experience with Docker and container orchestration tools like Kubernetes
Managing Build infrastructure, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery Pipelines with tools like Spinnaker (CICD) and monitoring tools like Datadog
Previous experience in distributed systems, data processing, and analytics is a plus
Passion for solving challenging problems and iterating quickly

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
We care about the well-being of our team: We offer competitive pay and benefits packages that reflect our commitment to the health and wellbeing of our Ampliteers.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision insurance coverages, with 100 employer-paid premiums for employee Medical, Dental, Vision on select plans
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment (annual), and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions and high quality physician office experience via One Medical membership (select U.S. locations only)
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2: 1 product analytics solution and 3 best software product according to the 2022 G2 Best Software report.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Benchmark Capital, Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

This role is eligible for equity, benefits and other forms of compensation.Based on Colorado law, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Colorado. Colorado range: 180,000 - 270,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.Based on legislation in New York City, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in New York City. New York City salary range: 199,000 - 300,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in San Francisco Bay Area of California. Salary range: 199,000 - 300,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in California outside of the San Francisco Bay Area. California salary range: 180,000 - 270,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington state. Washington salary range: 180,000 - 270,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus.Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington only: unlimited PTO, 10 to 13 holidays annually (will vary), medical dental and vision PPO and CDHP plans. Finally, a company sponsored 401(k) retirement plan.
LI-SA1 LI-Hybrid