Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
Join us as we deliver innovative and creative solutions to our customers. Were looking for a Senior Customer Success Architect with experience providing guidance on data management and consultative support on customer taxonomy and tech stack. Maintaining and establishing clean product analytics data is critical for our customers to be able to understand and drive their products forward. The ideal candidate is an enthusiastic professional who thrives in a fast-paced environment and possesses a strong curiosity for how things work and how things should work. You are a solution- and execution-oriented individual with a dedication for getting things done.
 
 As a Customer Success Architect, you will: 

Serve as a trusted technical advisor for our customers.
Possess a mastery of Amplitude products in order to provide strategic consultation in taxonomy design, instrumentation and data governance. 
Be an expert in the Digital Optimization System in order to successfully guide our customers as they integrate Amplitude into additional data flows and business processes, thereby making Amplitude an integral business partner.
Gather, organize, and report trends and customer insights to optimize business processes, documentation and services.
Collaborate cross-functionally with teams like Amplitudes Product, Engineering, Platform Support and Customer Success Manager to streamline internal processes and improve data management experience for our customers.

 
Youll be a great addition to the team if you have: 

At least 5 years of customer facing technical experience, with a demonstrated record of successfully engaging with enterprise accounts.


Competent in programming languages and concepts that underpin modern web and mobile development (e.g. SQL, JavaScript, Java, Python, Android, iOS, RESTful APIs).
Execution and customer service oriented, able to effectively prioritize and complete customer deliverables on-time and drive outcomes.
Excellent verbal and written social, presentation, and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively explain complex technical concepts to stakeholders with an array of experience levels and technical competencies.
Problem-solving mentality and positive attitude towards the change that comes with working at a rapidly growing company.
Prior experience working with SaaS solutions in the following domains is preferred: product analytics, digital marketing, AB testing, business intelligence, customer data platforms, data warehousespipelines, or any of our integration partners.

 
Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
We care about the well-being of our team: along with excellent health insurance, we offer flexible time off, a monthly wellness stipend, delicious in-office lunch, dinner,  snacks, commuting benefits, a 12-week parental leave, a generous Learning  Development stipend, and a full 10 year window to exercise your stock options. 
The Product: Amplitude is the worlds 1 product intelligence platform we empower teams to use customer data to build great product experiences for growth.  Were super proud of what weve built and continue to build on: a platform that enables companies to thrive. 
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2 Customer Reviews: 1 product analytics solution for 13 quarters in a row.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Founded in 2012, Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
This role is eligible for equity, benefits and other forms of compensation.Based on Colorado law, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Colorado. Colorado range: 139,000 - 208,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus or commission)Based on legislation in New York City, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in New York City. New York City salary range: 154,000 - 231,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus or commission)Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in San Francisco Bay Area of California. Salary range: 154,000 - 231,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus or commission)Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in California outside of the San Francisco Bay Area. California salary range: 139,000 - 208,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus or commission)Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington state. Washington salary range: 139,000 - 208,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus or commission)Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington only: unlimited PTO, 10 to 13 holidays annually (will vary), medical dental and vision PPO and CDHP plans. Finally, a company sponsored 401(k) retirement plan.
LI-GF1 LI-Remote