Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
Join us and help to build our next phase of growth across the EMEA region. We are looking to commercially minded and impactful, yet humble and people driven,Enterprise Sales Director. 
You will take a hands-on approach in building and scaling your teams and ultimately be responsible for helping us to hire, onboard and manage the next wave of sellers and sales leaders.  You will also drive success across a team of Enterprise Account Executives.
Reporting to the Area Vice President, Central you will help us establish and drive success across your region, as we continue to rapidly scale our Field teams over the remainder of 2023 and beyond. The ideal candidate will already be successful sales leader, with a passion for getting things done and who thrive in a very fast-paced environment - and who will relish scaling our business across multiple geographies. You will also embrace, embody and lead with our core values ever present:  Humility, Ownership and Growth Mindset.

 As a RSD, you will: 
 

Build and develop a strong and diverse team of sellers.
Drive the strategy for hiring, on-boarding and training new Enterprise AEs and coach them on best practices in selling Amplitude.
Be responsible for your regional GTM strategy definition and implementation.
Understand the core metrics of Enterprise business, and use them to forecast the performance of several countries.
Support in coaching and executing key deals via onsite (when viable)  and remote engagement with customers.
Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to ensure field marketing, product marketing, demand generation, and sales engineering are allocated appropriately for success.
Plan and communicate the path for growth per your region both in a formal annual planning capacity, and on an on-going basis.

 
Youll be a great addition to the team if you are:

Language Proficiency: Fluency in German and English is crucial given the geographical areas of responsibility. Proficiency in French would also be beneficial due to Switzerlands linguistic diversity.
Sales Expertise: Extensive experience in sales, preferably within the region, with a proven track record of meeting and exceeding sales targets.
Leadership Skills: Demonstrated ability to lead and grow a sales team, fostering a positive, results-driven environment.
Industry Knowledge: Understanding of the industry in which Amplitude operates, and the unique challenges and opportunities within the DACH (Germany, Austria, and Switzerland) region.
Strategic Thinking: Ability to develop and implement robust sales strategies that drive growth and increase market share.
Relationship Management: Strong network of relationships within the industry and the ability to foster and maintain relationships with key stakeholders including potential partnersresellers
Cultural Awareness: Understanding of the cultural nuances and business practices within the DACH region.

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision insurance coverages,
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment, and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions and high quality physician office experience via One Medical membership (select U.S. locations only)
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

 
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2 Customer Reviews: 1 product analytics solution for 13 quarters in a row.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Founded in 2012, Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
 
LI-EM1
 