Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.The Enablement team leverages competencies, technology, and process to support the rapid growth of Amplitude. We partner with leaders from the Go-to-Market team (Sales, Marketing, Customer Success, Strategy  Operations and Partnerships) to develop a cohesive go-to-market strategy and execute on a global scale. 
Amplitudes Partner Ecosystem is made up of the best in class resellers, systems integrators and technology providers globally.  We are looking for a Partner Education  Enablement Manager to help scale and grow our partner ecosystem.  As part learning startegist, part program manager, you will help evolve training to meet the needs of our Partners at each stage of their journey - onboarding, enablement, and growth.  This role is critical in laying the foundation for the Partner Ecosystem and enabling a frictionless partner experience, all with the goal of delivering impactful business outcomes for clients.  The Education  Enablement Manager will play a critical role in understanding Amplitude and the business value it brings, and ensuring Partner needs are incorporated into our ongoing planning and education.  
 As a Partner Education  Enablement Manager, you will: 

Define our global partner enablement strategy to reflect and support current needs and scaffold our growth as a partner-led organization

Develop a Partner training  certification roadmap as the Amplitude product roadmap evolves
Gain a proven understanding of all Amplitude products so that you can answer a range of questions from Partners
Collaborate with Partners to determine educational needs and identify future enablement topics
Professionally curate and package partner training materials that clearly communicate Amplitudes value proposition and functionality and align with Amplitude and Partnerships branding and aesthetic
Manage the Partner training  certification process in partnership with the Global Education team

Develop and deliver curriculum and content programs that bridge those already offered by Amplitudes internal enablement and external education teams

Align supplemental curriculum to expertise standards of Education  Enablement teams
Create content that aligns with go-to-market activities and is relevant to Partners and their use cases

Work across teams and with Education colleagues to drive consistency and shared knowledge across Amplitude
Continuously seek to build on and improve program performance

Own operational processes that support and enable the Partner ecosystem, including the end-to-end program development process
Own Partner enablement delivery at scale, including publishing to and administering our partner portal 
Manage Partner enablement program metrics from start to finish, including LMS data and alignment to the Partnership teams revenue goals


Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

Experience developing strategic, at scale enablement programs (especially for partners) and content 
Experience delivering andor facilitating training sessions

A strong executive presence; can tailor presentations and style based on the audience

Is analytical and can assess what is essential to know or do, and whats not

Ability to prioritize and effectively handle multiple projects and tasks concurrently

Prior experience as a curriculum developer andor learning strategist
Knowledge of the Product Management or Analytics , Experimentation  Growth landscape is preferred. 
A desire to continuously learn and develop your own skills and knowledge
A passion for collaborating with colleagues 
A roll-up-your-sleeves attitude 
Is adaptable and flexible when change occurs and comfortable working in a fast-paced environment while maintaining prioritization of existing and new projects
Available to travel (10-15 time, possibly)

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision insurance coverages, with 100 employer-paid premiums for employee Medical, Dental, Vision on select plans
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment (annual), and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions and high quality physician office experience via One Medical membership (select U.S. locations only)
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2 Customer Reviews: 1 product analytics solution for 13 quarters in a row.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Founded in 2012, Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.This role is eligible for equity, benefits and other forms of compensation.Based on Colorado law, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Colorado. Colorado range: 129,000 - 193,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in New York City, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in New York City. New York City salary range: 143,000 - 215,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in San Francisco Bay Area of California. Salary range: 143,000 - 215,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in California outside of the San Francisco Bay Area. California salary range: 129,000 - 193,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington state. Washington salary range: 129,000 - 193,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington only: unlimited PTO, 10 to 13 holidays annually (will vary), medical dental and vision PPO and CDHP plans. Finally, a company sponsored 401(k) retirement plan.
LI-AA1 LI-Remote LI-Hybrid 
 