Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About the Role  Team
As a Sales Development Representative (SDR), you will represent Amplitude by helping our prospects and customers successfully navigate their journey as they explore our Digital Analytics Platform. With a mix of strong process and creativity, you will drive new business revenue through both inbound and outbound opportunity generation. This is a fun, fast-paced and ambitious environment. You will build valuable, transferable skills to help grow your career in sales! 
What To Expect

Empower Others: Partner with our sales and marketing teams to build creative outreach programs that build pipeline within your territory
Own Your Success: Research and build new and existing accounts via adding contacts, outbound calling efforts, and sending strategic email and social campaigns
Wear The Customers Shoes: Engaging in high-level conversations with Product Managers, Architects, Executives, and C-Suite to enhance awareness and interest in targeted industries and segments
Be Inclusive: Develop strong relationships (both internal and external), and really excel at building long-lasting partnerships with prospective customers
Investment in You: Dedicated SDR onboarding with continuous training, multiple career paths within the organization, and a commitment from leadership to professional development

Our Team

Agile, team-centric professional that demonstrates compassion, and technical curiosity to learn enterprise software sales and launch (or re-launch) your career
Strong communicator with a passion for connecting with people virtually, over the phone, and face-to-face
Positive demeanor, who is open to feedback and always looking for ways to improve
Detective mentality with a curiosity of AB testing new messaging, as well as loving the search for new information with next-level critical thinking
Driven by purpose and by winning with a team-first attitude
Enjoy working in a diverse team and environment where a rich and inclusive culture matters above all else

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision insurance coverages, with 100 employer-paid premiums for employee Medical, Dental, Vision on select plans
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment (annual), and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions and high quality physician office experience via One Medical membership (select U.S. locations only)
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2 Customer Reviews: 1 product analytics solution for 13 quarters in a row.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Founded in 2012, Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
This role is eligible for equity, benefits and other forms of compensation.
Based on legislation in New York City, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in New York City. New York City salary range: 64,000 - 96,000 total target cash inclusive of bonus or commission. 
LI-AA1
LI-Hybrid