Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
As Privacy  Product Counsel you will play a key role on Amplitudes legal team and will be responsible for helping drive Amplitudes privacy program and partnering closely with the business to review and facilitate product development. You must have excellent business judgment and be comfortable balancing the legal risks and the business strategy. You will partner cross-functionally across the company and directly interface with our employees, customers and partners. You will support all aspects of the business. 
As a Privacy  Product Counsel, you will: 

Assist in developing and maintaining Amplitudes global privacy program, and related policies, procedures, and training materials
Maintain subject matter expertise on domestic and international privacy laws, including GDPR and US State privacy laws,  and advise teams across the company on global privacy laws and general regulatory requirements and developments
Partner with the product, engineering, design, and marketing teams, to proactively support them throughout the product development life cycle 
Provide legal advice and guidance on marketing campaigns and collateral, and other related marketing activities  to ensure compliance with federal, state, and other relevant laws
Partner with Information Security team to implement best practices for management and protection of confidential and personal information and to develop appropriate policies for Amplitude 
Draft, review and negotiate a variety of agreements related to data privacy, including vendor agreements, customer agreements, DPAs, and BAAs
Assist with the continuous improvement of standard privacy agreements and scale legal operations and processes
Support the general needs of a growing legal team and business

Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

5 years of privacyproduct counsel experience, and you have a mix of in-house and law firm experience
CIPPUS, CIPPE certification 
A JD and active membership in at least one state bar
Experience with privacy and data protection issues, including strong knowledge of global privacy laws, including the CCPA and the GDPR
Broad experience with product counseling, including  unrelated to privacy and data protection issues
Self-starter who can handle a fast-paced and informal start-up environment where there may be a good deal of ambiguity and need to manage several projects simultaneously
Collaborative team player with no ego combined with ability to work independently
You are a great communicator and you know how to talk and write like a human, not a lawyer
Experience working at a B2B SaaS company preferred but not required

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
We care about the well-being of our team: We offer competitive pay and benefits packages that reflect our commitment to the health and wellbeing of our Ampliteers.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision insurance coverages, with 100 employer-paid premiums for employee Medical, Dental, Vision on select plans
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment (annual), and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions and high quality physician office experience via One Medical membership (select U.S. locations only)
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2: 1 product analytics solution and 3 best software product according to the 2022 G2 Best Software report.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Benchmark Capital, Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
This role is eligible for equity, benefits and other forms of compensation.Based on Colorado law, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Colorado. Colorado salary range: 133,000 - 199,000.Based on legislation in New York City, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in New York City. New York City salary range: 148,000 - 222,000.Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in San Francisco Bay Area of California. Bay Area salary range: 148,000 - 222,000.Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in California outside of the San Francisco Bay Area. California salary range: 133,000 - 199,000.Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington state. Washington salary range: 133,000 - 199,000.Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington only: unlimited PTO, 10 to 13 holidays annually (will vary), medical dental and vision PPO and CDHP plans. Finally, a company sponsored 401(k) retirement plan.
LI-MB1
LI-Hybrid