Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.As the Senior Director of Enterprise Program Management Office (ePMO), youll partner cross functionally to define, lead and drive complex enterprise initiatives to achieve Amplitudes strategy. Reporting into the CDIO, youll collaborate across business and technology to build and mature the PMO practices by defining a methodology that ensures investments are well planned and executed. If you love building things then this job is for you.
 As a Senior Director of PMO, you will: 

Lead high visibility, cross functional complex programs for Corporate Engineering (CE)
Lead and mentor program project management team, fostering a high-performance culture and promoting professional growth and continuous learning.
Build program operating model, methodology, standards, and lean  agile best practices.
Partner across CE and business to identify critical strategic programs and transformation investments.
Develop effective relationships with key stakeholders, including executives, department heads, and program sponsors, to understand their needs and priorities.
Collaborate with senior leaders and stakeholders to align program investment priorities with overall business strategies and objectives.
Create and communicate program management metrics and reporting mechanisms to track progress, identify risks and issues, and provide regular updates to stakeholders.
Stay abreast of industry best practices, emerging trends, and new technologies in program management, and provide recommendations for their adoption.

Youll be a great addition to the team if you have:

Successful experience in leading and managing complex cross functional strategic program investments from definition through execution and ultimately adoption.
Minimum of 12 years of experience in program management, with at least 8 years in a leadership role overseeing a Program Management Office in fast paced high-tech companies.
High impact individual with excellent collaboration, communication, execution, and leadership skills, with a humble but driving growth mindset.
Strong leadership skills with the ability to inspire and motivate teams to achieve high levels of performance.
Strategic thinking and problem-solving abilities, with a focus on driving results and delivering quantitative business value.
In-depth knowledge of program management methodologies, tools, and best practices.
Demonstrated experience in managing and developing high-performing teams.
Must have one or more of the following certifications: Project Management Professional (PMP) certification, SAFe or Lean Portfolio Management certification. 
Bachelors degree in a relevant field. 

Who We Are
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era.
We care about the well-being of our team: We offer competitive pay and benefits packages that reflect our commitment to the health and well-being of our Ampliteers.
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical, Dental and Vision insurance coverages, with 100 employer-paid premiums for employee Medical, Dental, Vision on select plans
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter transitparking (monthly), home office equipment (annual), and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave, Carrot Fertility BenefitsAdoptionSurrogacy support, Back-up Child Care support 
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions and high quality physician office experience via One Medical membership (select U.S. locations only)
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2 Customer Reviews: 1 product analytics solution for 13 quarters in a row.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Founded in 2012, Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.This role is eligible for equity, benefits and other forms of compensation.Based on Colorado law, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Colorado. Colorado range: 260,000 - 390,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in New York City, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in New York City. New York City salary range: 289,000 - 433,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in San Francisco Bay Area of California. Salary range: 289,000 - 433,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in California, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in California outside of the San Francisco Bay Area. California salary range: 260,000 - 390,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus)Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington state. Washington salary range: 260,000 - 390,000 total target cash (inclusive of bonus )Based on legislation in Washington state, the following details are for individuals who will work for Amplitude in Washington only: unlimited PTO, 10 to 13 holidays annually (will vary), medical dental and vision PPO and CDHP plans. Finally, a company sponsored 401(k) retirement plan.