Amplitude is a leading digital analytics platform that helps companies unlock the power of their products. More than 2,300 customers, including Atlassian, Jersey Mikes, NBCUniversal, Shopify, and Under Armour, rely on Amplitude to gain self-service visibility into the entire customer journey. Amplitude guides companies every step of the way as they capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. When teams understand how people are using their products, they can deliver better product experiences that drive growth. 
As an organization, we approach challenges with humility, take ownership of our contributions, and embrace a growth mindset that pushes us to constantly improve ourselves, each other, and the value we bring to customers and partners.
Amplitudes Commitment to Diversity Equity  Inclusion (DEI): Amplitude believes that diversity enables the creation of better products, improves the ability to solve complex problems, and drives more powerful solutions. We strive to create an environment of inclusion—one focused on psychological safety, empathy, and human connection—that will allow employees of all backgrounds to thrive.About The Role  Team
Join our Sales team of Account Executives who know software sales and how to identify and win opportunities with some of the fastest growing and most influential digital product companies. Our European offices are staffed with an amazing international group of smart and creative Go-to-market professionals. We want the best of the best and we make sure that top performers are rewarded. 
As our DACH Account Executive, you will:

Create new opportunities in the upper mid-market and enterprise (1500 employees) through prospecting, networking, etc. Primary focus is to land new logos in the region
Become an expert on Amplitudes product and conduct discovery calls, customized demos, and presentations to prospective customers
Attempt new sales methods through fearlessness and willingness to take risks
Effectively sell the value of Amplitude to key stakeholders within the account while navigating a complex sales cycle
Lead territory building initiatives in Southern DACH region by working with technology partners, agency partners, product management networking groups and regional events to drive awareness, educate the market, create net new opportunities and influence current pipeline
Collaborate well with team members; proactively identify best practices and share proactively
Consistently take quantitative and strategic approach in territory planning. Understand total pipeline size, top opportunities, opportunity stage management, coverage factor, historical close rate, rate of retention and upsell potential. Forecast accurately
Exceed quarterly and annual targets

Youll be a great addition to the team if:

You have 5-7 years SaaS Experience in the Big Data, Analytics, Mobile or MarTech space
You are able to use your excellent communication and presentation skills to tell a story using data and have 
You have built a verticalnew business and are excited to do it again
You are passionate about digital product management and the role product teams are playing within companies
You have a successful track record of being a top performer
You are hungry, and thrive in a fast-changing environment with satellite offices
You are naturally curious and empathetic towards customers and prospects and thrive on experimentation and innovating the sale process
You embrace feedback and are open to developing personally and professionally
Native German Fluency Required

 
Who We Are
 
The Company: Amplitude is filled with humble, life-long learners who are eager to help one another and the company succeed. Our values of growth mindset, ownership, and humility are core to the way we work: were tenacious in the face of challenges, we take the initiative to solve problems that drive our shared success, and we operate from a place of empathy and openness, seeking to understand many points of view. 
Some of our benefit programs include:

Excellent Medical and insurance coverages, 
Flexible time off, paid holidays, and more
Generous stipends to spend on what matters most to you, whether thats wellness (monthly), learning and development (annual), commuter (monthly), home office equipment and much more
Excellent Parental benefits including: 12-20 weeks of Paid Parental Leave,
Mental health and wellness benefits including no cost employee access to Modern Health coaching  therapy Sessions
Employee Stock Purchase Program (ESPP)

The Product: Amplitude is a digital analytics platform—we help companies capture data they can trust, uncover clear insights about customer behavior, and take faster action. This empowers teams to build better product experiences that drive business growth. Were super proud of what weve built and continue to expand: a platform that empowers companies to thrive in the digital era
Other fun facts about Amplitude: 

G2: 1 product analytics solution and 3 best software product according to the 2022 G2 Best Software report.
Business Insider: A top tech company to bet your career on.
Fast Company: 3 most innovative enterprise company in the world.
Amplitude went public via a direct listing in September 2021 and is now trading under the ticker AMPL. 
Founded in 2012, Amplitude is backed by Benchmark Capital, Sequoia Capital, IVP, Battery Ventures, Y Combinator and other top tier investors.
Were a global and fast-growing team! We have offices in San Francisco (HQ), New York, Vancouver, Amsterdam, London, Paris, Singapore, and employees around the world.
Our mascot is the datamonster, who loves to chow down on numbers, charts, and graphs. Nom nom.

Amplitude provides equal employment opportunities (EEO). All applicants are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.
LI-EM1 LI-Remote
 