About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.A Day in the Life 
As a member of our Ad Server team, youll solve technical challenges, including: design and architecture of a back-end handling billions of requests per day, machine learning problems to deliver more relevant ads to consumers, creating high-availability low-latency systems that are distributed across multiple data centers. This will be a 2-3 month long internship and start in summer 2024.
Basic Qualifications

You are a Junior or Senior level student (and is currently working towards earning a BS or MS in Computer Science or a related technical field)
You love to program, solve problems, and build stuff
Have experience programming in C, Go, Python
Have knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented programming

Preferred Qualifications

Have experience building highly scalable, low latency systems
Have some experience working with LinuxUnix and SQL databases
Previous Software Engineering Internships
Non-academic coding experience (i.e. hackathons, code challenges, personal projects, GitHub, Open Source, etc.)
Understanding of software development life cycle
Any experience with Kubernetes or Docker
Machine learning frameworks (Pytorch, TensorFlow, Jax)
AppLovin provides a competitive total compensation package with a pay for performance rewards approach. Total compensation at AppLovin is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Depending on the position offered, equity, and other forms of incentive compensation (as applicable) may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to dental, vision, and other benefits.Bay Area base pay range; Total compensation package commensurate with experience45—60 USDAppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.