About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.Introduction:
Our in-house creative team is looking for a Video Producer and motion designer in North America. You will report into the Creative Production Manager, Video. You would be joining a team that is responsible for creating a variety of videos including filming, editing and motion graphics across the wider brand teams. This is a great opportunity for a creative individual who is interested in all things motion and wants to grow in a fast-paced, highly collaborative and international work environment. 
This is a completely remote position that does require travel to corporate HQ in the Bay Area, various event locations throughout North America, Europe, and Asia based on projects.
To be considered for this position, you must include your resume and portfolio.
About You:

A self-starter, optimistic, creative, willing to be flexible, and can work both individually and as a part of a growing and talented team
You value team, humanness, and the concept that you are a part of a collective whole
Detail-oriented and have a problem solving attitude
Great written and verbal communication skills—you can be clear and down to earth
Youre a learner and interested in understanding how the business works in a way to help you tell visually compelling stories
A strong collaborator who possesses a desire to set the bar and work in a fast-moving, entrepreneurial environment
Take feedback well (and not personally) in a way that allows for collaboration and elevation
You like staying up-to-date with industry trends and technological advancements in animation, motion design and sound design

Responsibilities:

Collaborate with cross-functional teams in different time zones to conceptualize, plan, and execute video projects that align with the companys brands and messaging.
Take leadership and manage the end-to-end video production process, from storyboarding to filming, post-production, editing, sound and final delivery
Utilize your knowledge of camera, composition and lighting techniques to ensure optimal video quality both in studio and on location
Operate a variety of video equipment, including cameras, audio recording devices, and lighting setups
Edit and enhance video content. This includes color correction, audio balancing and adding motion graphics.
Collaborate with stakeholders, content and design teams to create concepts and bring them to life with motion graphics.
Be able to wear different hats as a video all rounder and independently manage video production and motion graphics projects
Keep up with industry trends in motion graphics, editing and filming and share new creative ideas
Be able to travel and film our in-house events at various locations around the globe.

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelors or Masters degree in Film Production, Communications, Media, or a related field.
4 years of experience in a video all rounder position. Experience in corporate tech or agency is a plus.
Strong portfolio showcasing diverse video projects that demonstrate proficiency in filming, lighting, editing, and animation.
Proficiency in Adobe creative suite and Davinci resolve
Strong storytelling abilities, with a keen eye for detail and composition.
Ability to juggle multiple projects and meet deadlines.
Ability to work independently in a fast-paced, remote work environment.
AppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.