About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.A Day in the Life:
AppLovin is looking for a highly qualified Senior Counsel to join our legal team. As a key member of the legal team, you will help drive efficiencies in our overall contracting strategy with partners and suppliers. You will have exposure and interaction with departments across the company, as well as our clients and vendors. You will be a trusted partner and advisor to colleagues, providing practical and timely guidance regarding contracts and the contract management process, escalating issues to counsel when necessary. You will work with teams across the globe to enable the efficient and effective delivery of legal services to our business partners. If you are looking to make an impact, and the opportunity to work with a fun, collaborative team - wed love to talk to you! 
The Impact Youll Make:

Navigate Legal Terrains: Guide cross-functional teams with clear legal direction, ensuring we balance our goals and legal risk, taking into account the companys policies and positions
Shape Business Outcomes: You will help to the company manage complex transactions, including negotiating complex commercial agreements including day-to-day business development as well as ad hoc MA transactions and new initiatives
Champion New Initiatives: You will be a strategic problem solver for the business team and bring a business-oriented, practical mindset to solving problems and closing transactions
Drive Commercial Initiatives: Serve as a strategic consultant to the business team, employing a pragmatic, business-focused approach to problem-solving and finalizing deals.
Collaborate for Collective Success: Support the continuous improvement of standard form agreements and legal processes

Who You Are:

Must have a JD or equivalent and admission to and active status in at least one state bar (and eligible to register for California or an applicable state bars in-house counsel program)
8 years of experience as a practicing attorney, either in-house at a public company or at a law firm advising public technology companies, specializing in drafting, editing, and negotiating contracts
Meticulous attention to detail, organized, thorough and efficient in driving results
Ability to effectively communicate and collaborate with a diverse group of individuals in different geographies, at all levels of management and across different business groups 
Capable to enhance and streamline the legal teams continuous initiatives in refining internal procedures, establishing best practices, and keeping contract templates up-to-date 
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment with a high level of professionalism and outstanding business judgment
A willingness to help out with whatever legal work needs doing, whenever it needs to be done
A team player with a great sense of humor

Additional Strengths:

Hands-on experience in a public technology company setting
Proficient in handling international tech transactions
Mastery in understanding specific tech sectors like mobile applications and adtech
Concrete results in implementing proactive risk management frameworks in previous roles
AppLovin provides a competitive total compensation package with a pay for performance rewards approach. Total compensation at AppLovin is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Depending on the position offered, equity, and other forms of incentive compensation (as applicable) may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to dental, vision, and other benefits.Bay Area base pay range; Total compensation package commensurate with experience205,000—346,000 USDAppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.