About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.
Introduction:
We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced SeniorStaff Software Engineer with a focus on improving the performance of AppLovins Android SDK. In this role, you will work closely with our mobile engineering team to identify and implement measurable performance improvements across all aspects of our Android SDK. You should have a strong background in Android development, and a passion for optimizing app performance.
 



Responsibilities:


Identify, prioritize, and implement performance improvements for the AppLovin Android SDK
Design and implement systems to analyze and monitor performance at scale
Stay up-to-date with the latest developments in Android performance optimization






Requirements:


Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or a related field
5 years of experience in software engineering, with a focus on Android development
Strong knowledge of the Android SDK and OS
Experience with performance optimization on Android
Excellent communication and collaboration skills






Bonus points if you have:


Experience with native code on Android (CC)
Experience with performance optimization on Unity
Experience or interest in AdTech andor game development
Familiarity with web technologies like HTML and JavaScript






Perks:


Competitive salary and equity compensation
Free medical, dental, and vision insurance
Work from home stipend each paycheck
401k matching and employee stock purchase plan
Flexible time off - take time when you need it





AppLovin provides a competitive total compensation package with a pay-for-performance rewards approach. The expected base pay range for this CA based position is 145,000 - 266,000. Total compensation at AppLovin is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Depending on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical and other benefits.
AppLovin provides a competitive total compensation package with a pay for performance rewards approach. Total compensation at AppLovin is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Depending on the position offered, equity, and other forms of incentive compensation (as applicable) may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to dental, vision, and other benefits.Bay Area base pay range; Total compensation package commensurate with experience152,000—247,000 USDAppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.