About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.Introduction:
Our in-house creative team is looking for a Motion Designer and Video Editor in or around Berlin, Germany. You will be reporting into the Creative Production Manager, Video. You would be joining a team that is responsible for creating a variety of videos including filming, editing and motion graphics across the wider brand teams. This is a great opportunity for a creative individual who is passionate about animation and motion design while collaborating with an international team.
We would like the candidate to be based in Berlin or a similar time zone.
To be considered for this position, you must include your resume and portfolio.
Who You Are:

A self-starter, optimistic, creative, willing to be flexible, and can work both individually and as a part of a growing and talented team
You value team, humanness, and the concept that you are a part of a collective whole
Detail-oriented and have a problem solving attitude
Great written and verbal communication skills—you can be clear and down to earth
Youre a learner and interested in understanding how the business works in a way to help you tell visually compelling stories
A strong collaborator who possesses a desire to set the bar and work in a fast-moving, entrepreneurial environment
Take feedback well (and not personally) in a way that allows for collaboration and elevation
You like staying up-to-date with industry trends and technological advancements in animation, motion design and sound design

Responsibilities:

Collaborate with different design teams in different time zones to conceptualize, storyboard and animate and edit videos that align with the companys brands and messaging.
Work closely with other designers, video producers, and art directors to maintain a cohesive visual style across projects.
Utilize your knowledge of sound design to add sound effects and bring the animations to life
Work with voice over artists and get the right voice over recordings to fit with the animations
Edit interviews, event videos and add motion graphics to match the creative brief from stakeholders.
Choose the right kind of music tracks that help aid the storytelling and narrative of the videos
Bonus skills in video production and camera handling
Keep up with industry trends in motion graphics and softwares
Knowledge of video editing softwares like Premiere Pro
Be able to travel and help with in-house shoots around the globe.

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelors or Masters degree in Animation, Film Production, Communications or a related field.
4 years of experience working as a 2D Motion Designer and video editing. Experience in corporate tech or agency is a plus.
Strong portfolio showcasing your work as a 2D animator and video editing skills
Proficiency in Adobe creative suite.
Strong storytelling abilities, with a keen eye for detail and composition.
Ability to juggle multiple projects and meet deadlines.
Ability to work independently in a fast-paced, remote work environment.
AppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.