About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.A Day in the Life:
As a member of our Ad Server team, youll solve technical challenges, including the design and architecture of a back-end handling billions of requests per day, work on our mediation platform responsible for our header bidding solution, creating high-availability low-latency systems that are distributed across multiple data centers. 
The Impact Youll Make:

Design, develop, and maintain large-scale distributed systems
Collaborate with various engineering teams to meet a wide range of technological challenges
Work closely with our product team to contribute and influence the roadmap of our products and technologies
Influence and inspire team members

Who You Are:

Have 4-10 years of experience and a minimum of a BS andor MS in Computer Science.
Have excellent knowledge of computer science fundamentals including data structures, algorithms, and coding
Experience independently creating and maintaining projects
Product focused mindset
Experience building distributed systems capable of handling large volumes of traffic
Coding experience in C

Additional Strengths:

Experience in advertising technologies

Perks:

Free medical, dental, and vision insurance
Work from home stipend each paycheck
401k matching
Autonomy to make decisions in a rapidly growing company
Flexible Time Off - work hard and take time when you need it
AppLovin provides a competitive total compensation package with a pay for performance rewards approach. Total compensation at AppLovin is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Depending on the position offered, equity, and other forms of incentive compensation (as applicable) may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to dental, vision, and other benefits.Bay Area base pay range; Total compensation package commensurate with experience133,000—207,000 USDAppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.