About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.Position Overview:
We are looking for a Senior Product Manager to join the Array team within AppLovin. In this role, you will be reporting into the Director of Product Management and you will have the opportunity to own the products that help connect consumers with apps theyll love. You will work closely with our OEMCarrier partners to drive these initiatives to success. We are looking for candidates who are highly entrepreneurial, have strong problem-solving skills, and are excited about building products from scratch. You can read more about Arrays products and vision here.
Responsibilities:

Lead the vision, strategy, and development of Array products; be responsible for the success of Array

Manage the entire product development lifecycle from ideation, requirements definition, to launch and optimization.


Work closely with engineers, data analysts, and designers as well as cross-functional teams such as business development, marketing, legal, etc.


Work with our OEMCarrier partners and ensure delivery of products that meets the needs and expectations of all parties


Become an expert in your product area by analyzing industry trends, competition, and relevant markets.


Write clear, detailed, logical, and high quality product specs; dig deep into analytics to make sound decisions


Communicate product vision and priorities to internal and external partners including AppLovin leadership.


 
Requirements:

5 years of experience in product management; highly prefer previous experience in adtech or Array-related products

BABS degree in computer science, engineering, math, or a related technical discipline


Exceptional data analysis and problem-solving skills. SQL querying abilities are required. 


Ability to design wire-frames and write top-notch product specifications. 


Experience working with highly technical engineering teams and driving complex projects from ideation to implementation to feature launch successfully. 


Fluency in Mandarin Chinese is a strong plus.


(Preferred) Previous engineering experience


(Preferred) Prior startup or entrepreneurial experience


 AppLovin provides a competitive total compensation package with a pay for performance rewards approach. Total compensation at AppLovin is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Depending on the position offered, equity, and other forms of incentive compensation (as applicable) may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to dental, vision, and other benefits.Bay Area base pay range; Total compensation package commensurate with experience134,000—219,000 USDAppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.