About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.



Introduction:
AppLovin Games entertains people with the worlds best mobile games. Our studios create some of the most popular games in the world! Join the Product Marketing team that imagines and produces fun and engaging ads that set the stage for millions to download and play our games.
We are looking for a highly capable Analyst, Product Marketing to manage our creative production for AppLovin Games portfolios. In this role, you will be reporting into the Director of Product Marketing and your duties will include coordinating with different teams to produce creatives to ensure sustainable campaign growth. This will include strategic creative planning, execution, data analysis, and marketability optimization. The candidate should have experience and familiarity with project management, knowledge of marketing insight and creative design, and possess strong verbalwritten communication skills.
Job Responsibilities:

Utilize internalexternal creative resources to develop and execute creative strategies that drive acquisition, engagement, and retention during the entire product life cycle.
Collaborate with the designers, developers, and vendors to produce Videos, Playables, and Statics to ensure our games have sufficient and high-performing creatives across networks.
Align with the UA strategy and constantly enable high-performing results and optimize creative processes to help Growth sustain positive ROI.
Work closely with in-house creative directions and share qualitative and quantitative creative learnings across internal creative teams.
Periodically doing industry market research, trends, and competitor analysis across genres and sharing qualitative insights within the organization.
Continually synthesize market trends, think outside of the box, run hypothesis tests, and analyze data collected from different channels to optimize ad performance and gain valuable insights about our audiences through a data-driven approach.
Coordinate with GrowthProductDevAppstore OptimizationDesign on the creative support for studios published titles LiveOps and testing titles marketability.
Document best practices of creative learning and process improvement.

Position Requirements:

1-3 years of mobile gaming product marketing or product-related experience.
Ability to generate creative solutions and quick iterations, managing and inspiring creative teams.
Strong writtenverbal communication and project management skills.
Able to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Solid knowledge of the growth, data analytics, product, and mobile gaming industry.
Strong creative sense and enjoy innovating

Additional StrengthsPreferred Qualifications:

Familiarity with Sensor Tower, Asana, and Google Suite.
Basic design skills: Adobe Creative Suite applications, quick sketch, illustrations, video editing, experience sourcing assets (Stock FootageMusicSFX
Can do attitude and self-driven, quick learner, and quickly adapt to changes
Team player loves sharing and learning within the teams
Multi-language skills
Play mobile games

 
 
 
 



AppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.