About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.
Introduction:
AppLovins Array team is seeking a talented and experienced Staff Android Engineer to join our team. Array is a seamless, end-to-end app management suite that delivers more value for mobile operators and end users by tapping into AppLovins massive app ecosystem.
 
The ideal candidate will have a proven track record of designing and developing high-quality Android applications using Java or Kotlin. In this role, you will be working cross-functionally with mobile applications, providing technical guidance to the team, and ensuring the timely delivery of high-quality software.



Responsibilities:

Design and develop high-quality Android applications using Java and Kotlin.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product managers, designers, and other developers to identify requirements and plan new features.
Provide technical guidance and mentorship to junior developers to improve their skills and ensure their success.
Use data to make decisions, improve workflows and drive innovation.
Participate in code reviews, identify potential issues, and suggest improvements.
Troubleshoot and resolve issues that arise during development, testing, and production.




Requirements:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field.
8 years of experience developing Android applications using Java or Kotlin.
Solid knowledge of object-oriented programming and design patterns.
Excellent problem-solving and troubleshooting skills.
Experience with testing frameworks and tools, such as JUnit, Espresso, and Mockito.
Experience with Git and version control systems.
Experience with RESTful APIs and web services.
Solid understanding of the Android SDK and platform.




Perks:

Competitive salary and equity compensation
Free medical, dental, and vision insurance
Work from home stipend each paycheck
401k matching and employee stock purchase plan
Flexible time off - take time when you need it
AppLovin provides a competitive total compensation package with a pay-for-performance rewards approach.


AppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.