About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.Position Overview:
We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist - Analytics to join our New Initiatives team within AppLovin. In this role, you will report into the Director, Product Management and partner with various internal teams including Product and Business Development, to drive meaningful growth across our various new initiatives that reach tens of millions of users.
Responsibilities:

Work with various product and business stakeholders to develop scalable BI reporting solutions; strong data visualization skills 
Analyze performance, identify internal and external trends from data, troubleshoot issues, identify new opportunities and address ad hoc data requests
Design, run and analyze AB test experiments to inform and execute the product strategy, and ultimately improve the product and support business decisions. 
Be a collaborative, cross-functional team player and be comfortable partnering with a variety of teams from Product to Engineering to Business
Maintain the highest bar for data quality

Requirements:

5 years of experience in data analytics
BABS degree in computer science, engineering, math, or a related technical discipline. Masters degree preferred. 
Ability to conduct rigorous analysis and communicate conclusions to both technical and non-technical audiences
Self-starter with the ability of acquiring an in-depth understanding of the relation between data and user experience.
(Preferred) Prior startup or entrepreneurial experience

 AppLovin provides a competitive total compensation package with a pay for performance rewards approach. Total compensation at AppLovin is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Depending on the position offered, equity, and other forms of incentive compensation (as applicable) may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to dental, vision, and other benefits.Bay Area base pay range; Total compensation package commensurate with experience123,000—195,000 USDAppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.