About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.About the Team
The AppLovin IAP Growth Team is responsible for one of our key markets - GCR. The team is focused on growing Chinese advertisers focused on the overseas markets. Coupling Strategic Client Acquisition and Management, strong negotiation skills, and deep knowledge of industry trends, along with market analyses, the IAP Growth Team transforms new opportunities into long-term relationships and endurable revenues. In this role you will report into the Sr. Manager of Growth. 
Responsibilities

You will identify, establish and develop high-impact partnerships with mobile game developers and publishers.
Bring in new advertisers, re-engage former clients and grow existing partners.
Manage the strategic direction of your portfolio of existing and new clients.
Identify prospects, generate sales leads, create new business in person and digitally. 
Build and foster a network of business relationships with key stakeholders and executives at Chinese game developers and publishers focused on the overseas market.
Consistently perform extensive and accurate research and data analyses to identify growth opportunities. 
Be a key spokesperson and representative of AppLovin and its offering in your region.

Basic Qualifications

Must have 5 years of experience in a SalesAccount ManagementAnalyst role in mobile advertising, gaming, or relevant industries.
Exceptional client management skills, with proven success in businessclient retention and business growth.
Must be data-driven and detail-oriented, with strong analytical and negotiation skills
Can engage an already existing network of relationships with key stakeholders and executives in the mobile gaming industry.
Deep understanding of industry issues, a vision for growth, and a passion for scaling AppLovins position in the industry space.
Independent, and self-driven with a solution-oriented mindset.
Proactive problem-solving capabilities and outstanding interpersonal skills.
High level of written and oral communication skills with the ability to communicate complex models and concepts.
A high level of written and oral communication skills in English is required.
BABS degree or equivalent.

Preferred Qualifications

Being a fan of mobile and computer games. Youll be working with game publishers on games, so having a passion for the vertical that youre working on is a benefit.
Being deeply intertwined with the local gaming community
Having worked at or founded a start-up is a plus. Were always looking for people who were key contributors in a fast-paced environment, even if their company failed!
AppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.