About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.Job Responsibilities:

You will report into the Director of Product Design.
Take ownership of the end-to-end design process for app and web products, translating strategy into visually appealing and user-friendly interfaces.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams such as engineering, product, business, marketing, etc. to generate innovative ideas with a focus on delivering high-quality user experiences.
Take a data-driven approach and identify areas of improvement for overall business success. Design and implement solutions that enhance key metrics.
Conduct user testing and research to assess user satisfaction levels and identify problems. Provide actionable recommendations for improvement based on research findings.
Communicate and collaborate with external partners to align user experience goals and provide design expertise.  
Establish and maintain design systems to ensure consistency and reusability. Continuously improve design processes and workflows. 
Mentor and inspire other designers. Actively contribute to building a strong design team and user-centered culture.

Job Requirements:

A bachelors degree in design, computer science, engineering, or a related field.
6 years of experience in UX, UI, product design, graphic design, user research, or a related field.
Demonstrated track record of successful product launches and iterations.
Excellent aesthetic capabilities to create high-quality interfaces and graphics to enhance the visual appeal and overall user experience of software products. 
Experience in user testing and user experience research. 
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Proficiency in motion design andor video editing is a strong plus. 
Fluency in Mandarin Chinese is a strong plus.
Must be based in the California Bay Area and have the ability to work from the office at least 3 days a week.

Applicants must submit a portfolio showcasing their work. 
AppLovin provides a competitive total compensation package with a pay for performance rewards approach. The expected base pay range for this CA based position is 166,000 - 230,000. Total compensation at AppLovin is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Depending on the position offered, equity, sign-on payments, and other forms of compensation may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical and other benefits.AppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.