About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.As a Senior Analyst at AppLovin, you will have the opportunity to work with some of the worlds leading mobile app developers and publishers across various industries. You will play a key role in formulating data-driven strategies for globally scaling client apps and revenues, and be responsible for assisting app publishers in creating and implementing ad revenue strategies that drive the greatest yield for their ad inventory.
You will also apply data-driven problem-solving in launching and managing user acquisition campaigns to help app publishers grow their mobile apps.
Responsibilities:

Independently formulate data-driven strategies to globally scale client apps and revenues
Assist app publishers in creating and implementing ad revenue strategies that drive the greatest yield for their ad inventory
Apply data-driven problem-solving in launching and managing user acquisition campaigns to help app publishers grow their mobile apps
Monitor daily performance of ad revenue and user acquisition campaigns against key metrics to identify growth opportunities and anomalies
Stay relevant on industry trends and work with the product team to develop high-impact internal features
We offer competitive base salaries and performance-based RSUs, and the opportunity to be part of a team that is driving the success of some of the most popular mobile apps in the world across different industries. Apply now to join our dynamic and driven team at AppLovin.

Basic Qualifications:

Strong work ethic and commitment to excellence, with the ability to independently work effectively under pressure and meet tight deadlines
Detail-oriented and highly organized, with the ability to prioritize multiple tasks and projects simultaneously with minimal guidance
Proven experience working effectively with senior leadership teams and cross-functional teams, including business development, product, engineering, and others
Strong analytical ability and comfort working with numbers, as well as a strategic understanding of the big picture and the ability to derive actionable insights
Flexible team-player who can use drive, creativity, and initiative to move the organization forward
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to effectively summarize complex data and technical information for non-technical stakeholders
Bachelors degree or higher from a reputable university (or equivalent work experience)
3-5 years of experience in sales strategy, growth strategy, sales finance, product strategy, consulting, investment banking or related analytical roles

Preferred Qualifications:

Proven experience in developing and implementing strategic initiatives, driving analysis to completion with minimal guidance.
High growth tech start-up experience and performance advertising experience is a plus.

 AppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.