About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.A Day in the Life
Reporting into the VP of People and Places, the Director, Compensation is responsible for leading our global strategy, planning, implementation, and management of AppLovins global compensation programs, including executive compensation and equity incentive programs. You have extensive, hands-on experience with compensation planning, market comp data research and approaches, building and updating compensation ranges, strategizing and executing total compensation philosophies, and other compensation planning cycles such as public tech company board compensation processes and annual compensation reviews. You use appropriate market benchmarks, data, analytics and tech industry experience to generate insights and reporting on a regular schedule, keeping abreast of market trends, and proactively identifying solutions to maintain our ability to attract, motivate, and retain critical talent. You also bring experience navigating differentiated compensation schemes for subsidiary companies. You have experience with Total Rewards, tying compensation to the broader Total Rewards strategy and company philosophy.
What Youll Be Doing

You will provide compensation expertise, innovative thinking, strategic leadership and hands-on execution of AppLovins global compensation programs. 
Lead benchmarking, compensation structure, and job structureleveling activities aligned to our compensation philosophy and high performance culture to ensure we have the data and processes in place to stay competitive with the market. 
Lead the planning, design, and execution of compensation planning cycles, including base pay, equity, and incentive programs.
Stay current on market trends, best practices, legislation, and regulatory requirements impacting global compensation practices and policies. Includes monitoring legal and regulatory environments impacting compensation and ensuring compliance with changing compensation and pay equity landscape.
Develop compensation analytics reporting including forecasting and budgeting. 
Prepare equity approvals and oversee processes for Executives and Board equity compensation planning cycles. Extensively collaborate and communicate with internal and cross-functional partners in furtherance of compensation and equity planning needs.
Partner with internal people teams (Talent Acquisition, HRBPs, etc.) to provide real-time compensation data to support the day-to-day compensation planning needs. 
Oversee compensation systems and tools in collaboration with People Operations and other teams; including Advanced Compensation modules in Workday. 
Consult with Org Leaders and People teams to understand strategic priorities and business objectives; leverage this insight to develop and transform compensation programs to support our overall business objectives. 
Partner with internal teams to support ongoing compensation needs and provide advice and counseling to leaders and managers on pay decisions, comp philosophy and approaches. 
People manager coaching, mentoring, motivating, developing, and leading the compensation function and team members; further mentoring and leading others related to compensation SME.
Develop analytics and modeling for compensation programs and communicate results to people leadership, executives, and others as assigned.
Responsible for the creation, iteration, and execution of analytics, reporting, and metrics. Is comfortable working with data and able to use data to identify insights and trends, making recommendations to proactively look around corners.
Ability to analyze, interpret and present total compensation data to executive leadership and our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee. Collaborates closely with our Chief People Officer, Executive Compensation partners and cross-functional leaders to provide regular reporting and analysis, annual proxy filings and other projects and initiatives as assigned.

Your Background And Who You Are

B.A., MBA, B.S. Degree or equivalent years of relevant experience.
10 years of experience with relevant compensation planning, strategy, analysis, and administration including experience supporting a globally distributed workforce with various compensation schemes across different entities. 
5 years of people management experience, including leading other compensation professionals.
5 years of previous experience in a publicly-traded technology company, with 3 years with technology software industry experience.
Must be well versed in using HR tech stack systems (Workday, Greenhouse) as well as Google Sheets, Excel and similar programs. 

Additional Strengths

Certified Compensation Professional (CCP) or Global Remuneration Professional (GRP) certification preferred.
Experience overseeing and implementing compensation management tools and systems is a plus.
Demonstrates our cultural values of Thinking Like an Entrepreneur; Taking Initiative, Ownership and Making an Impact; Moving Fast; embraces Never Stop Learning by being curious and always seeking to learn more, and aligned with the compensation philosophy of Hiring and Rewarding Doers.
Provides thought leadership and coaching to enable outcomes that optimize our cultural values, while understanding the art and science of compensation. 
Strong eye for detail with excellent written and verbal communication. Has the ability to communicate complex ideas in a simple way and tailor key messages and presentation style to multiple audiences.
Experience working in dynamic, rapidly evolving organizations where talent attraction and rewarding high performers is a priority.
Collaborative, strategic, roll up your sleeves, hands-on results oriented leader and team player who thrives on helping others meet their goals.
High integrity and discretion working with confidential and sensitive information.
AppLovin provides a competitive total compensation package with a pay for performance rewards approach. Total compensation at AppLovin is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Depending on the position offered, equity, and other forms of incentive compensation (as applicable) may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to dental, vision, and other benefits.Bay Area base pay range; Total compensation package commensurate with experience174,000—286,000 USDAppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.