About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.About the Team
The AppLovin Business Development team develops and sustains partnerships with mobile game and application developers. A customer facing team, working closely with mobile platform publishers and developers. Coupling strategic sales, strong negotiation skills, a deep knowledge of industry trends along with market analyses, the BD team transforms new opportunities into long term relationships and endurable revenues. In this role you will report into the Sr. Director of Business Development. 
Responsibilities

You will interface, negotiate and develop high-impact relationships with mobile game  app developers to build business partnerships and support company growth on both User Acquisition and Ad Monetization in GCR.
Play a key role in the retention and growth of current MAX and AppDiscovery accounts, as well as the development of new accounts.
Manage several members of the AppLovin Business Development team.
Use data to guide strategy and implementation of AppLovin solutions, become an expert in AppLovin products and solutions.
Liaise with our internal technical  operation teams regarding any publisher-focused technical queries, and provide customer support.
Leverage competitive analysis and understand the mobile advertising landscape, able to distill complex messages into simple narrative and action on it.

Basic Qualifications

Must have 5 years experience in a SalesBusiness DevelopmentAccount Management role, in mobile advertising, gaming, or relevant industries is essential.
2 years experience as a manager of people.
Must be fluent in Chinese and English.Exceptional client management skills, with proven success in businessclient retention and business growth.
Must be data-driven and detail oriented, with strong analytical and negotiation skills.
Deep understanding of industry issues, coupled with a vision for growth and passion to scale AppLovins position in the industry space.
Proactive problem solving capabilities and outstanding interpersonal skills.
BABS degree or equivalent.

Preferred Qualifications

Interest in technology. Whether youre an early adopter of gadgets, or an Excel whiz, or took a computer science class in school and loved it, we are a high tech and big data company, so youll be expected to interface with developers at times.
Having worked at or founded a start-up is a plus. Were always looking for people who were key contributors in a fast paced environment.
AppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.