About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.A Day in the Life 
As a member of the Data Platform team, youll create scalable solutions for technical challenges in our cloud-based platform. It produces hundreds of billions of unique events consumed trillions of times throughout our geographically distributed datacenters every day. Since we are small and agile, your contributions will play a big role in the direction of our growing company! This will be a 2-3 month long internship and start in Summer 2024.
Basic Qualifications

You are pursuing a BSMS in Computer Science or a related technical field
Solid knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented programming
Solid knowledge of Java
Some knowledge of SQL
You love to program, solve problems and build stuff

Preferred Qualifications

Have experience working with big data systems (Spark, Hadoop, Pig, Impala, Kafka)
Have experience working with LinuxUnix
Have some experience with concurrency
Have some experience with Scala
Have some experience working with no-SQL databases
Non-academic coding experience (i.e. hackathons, code challenges, personal projects, GitHub, Open Source, etc.)
AppLovin provides a competitive total compensation package with a pay for performance rewards approach. Total compensation at AppLovin is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Depending on the position offered, equity, and other forms of incentive compensation (as applicable) may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to dental, vision, and other benefits.Bay Area base pay range; Total compensation package commensurate with experience45—60 USDAppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.