About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.Introduction:
Join our team at AppLovin and collaborate with some of the worlds most renowned mobile app developers and publishers, across various industries. Youll have the opportunity to work with top-charting apps and be a part of the team that helps power their success.
As a member of our team, youll be responsible for formulating data-driven strategies to globally scale client apps and revenues. Youll work closely with Senior Leadership to conceptualize and execute innovative product and business ideas that drive growth and success for our clients. This is an opportunity to learn how to approach and solve complex problems, and have a direct impact on increasing client revenues and outcomes. Youll become an industry-expert on the mobile AdTech industry.Responsibilities:

Assist app publishers in creating and implementing an ad revenue strategy which will drive the greatest yield for their ad inventory.
Apply data-driven problem-solving in launching and managing user acquisition campaigns to help app publishers grow their mobile apps.
Monitor daily performance of ad revenue and user acquisition campaigns against key metrics to identify growth opportunities and anomalies.
Stay relevant on industry trends and work with the product team to develop high-impact internal features.

Basic Qualifications:

Strong work ethic and commitment to excellence, with the ability to work effectively under pressure and meet tight deadlines.
Detail-oriented and highly organized, with the ability to prioritize multiple tasks and projects simultaneously.
Proven experience working effectively with senior leadership teams and cross-functional teams, including business development, product, engineering, and others.
Strong analytical ability and comfort working with numbers, as well as a strategic understanding of the big picture and the ability to derive actionable insights.
Flexible team-player who can use drive, creativity, and initiative to move the organization forward.
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to effectively summarize complex data and technical information for non-technical stakeholders.
Bachelors degree or higher from a reputable university (or equivalent work experience)

Preferred Qualifications:

Proven experience in developing and implementing strategic initiatives, driving analysis to completion with minimal guidance.
1-3 years of experience in sales strategy, growth strategy, sales finance, product strategy, consulting, investment banking or related analytical roles.
High growth tech start-up experience and performance advertising experience is a plus.

AppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.