About AppLovin
AppLovin makes technologies that help businesses of every size connect to their ideal customers. The company provides end-to-end software and AI solutions for businesses to reach, monetize and grow their global audiences. For more information about AppLovin, visit: www.applovin.com.
To deliver on this mission, our global team is composed of team members with life experiences, backgrounds, and perspectives that mirror our developers and customers around the world. At AppLovin, we are intentional about the team and culture we are building, seeking candidates who are outstanding in their own right and also demonstrate their support of others.
Fortune recognized AppLovin as one of the Best Workplaces in the Bay Area 2022, and is a Certified Great Place to Work in 2021, 2022 and 2023. Check out the rest of our awards HERE.Introduction
The AppLovin Non-Gaming Growth team fuels the growth of some of the largest mobile apps globally across verticals such as fintech, meal delivery, ride hailing, video content streaming, shopping and more. Reporting into the Head of Americas, Non Gaming, you will work as an integral part of the Revenue team to close new advertisers and scale them up to their maximum potential on the AppDiscovery platform.
AppLovin is looking for a demand-side business builder in the in-app performance advertising space to join our Non-Gaming function in the AMER Region. The role will be responsible for closing and scaling up AMER-originated demand, specifically around mobile first companies doing performance marketing, including but not limited to Top Tier Performance clients and agencies. 
This is a highly visible role within the company driving one of the largest growth engines for our business. You will lead conversations with UA (User Acquisition) clients and be part of strategic conversations with performance marketers to identify new opportunities and grow revenue across the platform. You will close and grow a book of business with AMER advertisers in a hybrid role that requires excellent sales acumen to negotiate and close new advertisers with clear timeline as well as strong operating expertise to successfully launch and manage campaigns. You will also drive cross-team collaboration with Ops, Product, and Marketing teams to ensure client success.
Who you are

You are consistently the top performer on a high-performing team. You have solid experience in mobile performance marketing, and understand how advertisers make media buying decisions.
You thrive in early-stage business settings where chicken and egg is the norm.  
You have strong experience in selling to marketing teams at B2C mobile app businesses.
You show excellent attention to detail, with a passion for and understanding of our products and the mobile ecosystem.
You can work cross-functionally to drive outcomes that benefit our demand clients. 
You understand the larger business context and can drive contributions that benefit not only your clients but our full platform business. 
You can manage multiple priorities and lead several time-sensitive projects concurrently in a fast-paced environment with minimal direction.
You have excellent communication skills, actively listen to client needs, and translate this feedback back to the product team to develop high-value solutions. 

What youll do

Own the entire sales process from outreach to launching new non-gaming advertisers for AppLovins AppDiscovery UA platform.
Build out and scale campaigns for clients, combining operational excellence with strategic analysis of revenue opportunities.
Run point on key accounts, including day-to-day optimization to maximize campaign performance to grow the share of wallet.
Develop an understanding of the clients business, products, services, customer profile, marketing and business objectives, competitors, and sales.
Manage the entire sales cycle and individual sales pipeline to maximize individual sales revenue while providing accurate and timely forecasts.
Understand what matters most to your accounts and drive an action plan for revenue growth.
Partner and build relationships with internal cross-functional team members to drive account growth.
Strong consultative sales approach in engaging with Marketing leads to drive continued growth.
Formulate and communicate product, strategic value, contractual, technical, and financial updates with partners and internal stakeholders.
Partner with the broader AppLovin Business Development and Sales teams in the region.
Be a team player with a keen understanding of internal cross-functional  international communicationcollaboration across multiple operational teams.
Translate partner feedback into prioritized business cases to inform the product roadmap.
Attend industry events and conferences to represent AppLovin and grow your industry knowledge.

Requirements

BABS degree preferred with a strong academic record. 
At least 3-5 years of client-facing experience working with marketers in the mobile economy.
Understanding of the mobile ecosystem.
Travel expected as and when possible.
AppLovin provides a competitive total compensation package with a pay for performance rewards approach. Total compensation at AppLovin is based on a number of factors including market location and may vary depending on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Depending on the position offered, equity, and other forms of incentive compensation (as applicable) may be provided as part of a total compensation package, in addition to dental, vision, and other benefits.Bay Area base pay range; Total compensation package commensurate with experience155,000—262,000 USDAppLovin is proud to be an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about EEO rights as an applicant here.
 
If you need assistance andor a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please send us a request at accommodationsapplovin.com.
 
AppLovin will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.  If youre applying for a position in California, learn more here.
 
If you are a California resident, read our CA Privacy Notice to learn more about how AppLovin processes your personal information.