Aptos is a people-first blockchain on a mission to help billions of people achieve universal and fair access to decentralized assets in a safe and scalable way.
Founded by some of the original creators and maintainers that researched, designed, and built the Diem blockchain to serve this purpose, we have dedicated several years toward this mission. We believe the open-source Diem technology we have developed is an important foundation of a safe and scalable web3 world where everyone has more equitable opportunities to grow and access financial assets with lower fees and fewer intermediaries.  
Aptos (Ohlone for The People) encompasses our mission and ethos for why we build.About The Role
We are seeking a dynamic Finance Manager to join our talented team. As the Finance Manager, you will play a crucial role in driving the financial success of the company. You will be responsible for overseeing financial planning, analysis, and reporting, as well as providing strategic financial guidance to the management team.
 
Responsibilities
 

Develop and manage comprehensive financial plans, including budgets, forecasts, and cash flow projections, to support the companys growth objectives.
Provide insightful financial analysis and recommendations to the management team, enabling informed decision-making.
Ensure the accuracy and integrity of financial data by overseeing the companys accounting and reporting functions.
Prepare timely and accurate financial statements and reports for internal and external stakeholders.
Administer and enhance financial policies and procedures to maintain compliance and drive operational efficiency.
Identify and proactively mitigate financial risks through effective risk management strategies.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop and implement cost-saving measures, optimizing financial performance.
Contribute to the companys growth and expansion plans by providing financial expertise and support.

Qualifications
 

Bachelors degree in accounting, finance, or a related field.
Possess 5 years of experience in finance, with a strong background in forecasting and budgeting.
Demonstrated expertise in interpreting and analyzing financial statements.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with keen attention to detail.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, enabling effective collaboration with stakeholders at all levels.
Ability to work autonomously as well as part of a team, adapting to changing priorities.
Proven track record of meeting deadlines and thriving in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment.
Commitment to maintaining confidentiality and handling sensitive financial information with discretion.

The base salary range for this full-time position is 170k - 195k. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and typical maximum target for new hire salaries for the position of a candidate based in the Bay Area at any level. We do hire exceptionally talented professionals with decades of experience in their field. As such, our range may be higher than what is displayed. Our base salary ranges are determined by experience and location, and we hire at all levels for multiple roles. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, job-related skills demonstrated during the interviews, working experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in role postings reflect the base salary only and do not include equity, tokens, or benefits.
 Our Benefits

100 insurance premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents (US Employees)
Equipment of your choice
Flexible vacation time, 11 holidays, and floating company days off 
Competitive Salary
Equity (RSUs)
Protocol Token Grants
401k matching (US Employees)
Fun and inclusive in-person and digital events

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.