Aptos is a people-first blockchain on a mission to help billions of people achieve universal and fair access to decentralized assets in a safe and scalable way.
Founded by some of the original creators and maintainers that researched, designed, and built the Diem blockchain to serve this purpose, we have dedicated several years toward this mission. We believe the open-source Diem technology we have developed is an important foundation of a safe and scalable web3 world where everyone has more equitable opportunities to grow and access financial assets with lower fees and fewer intermediaries.  
Aptos (Ohlone for The People) encompasses our mission and ethos for why we build.About The Role
We are searching for an experienced and self-driven developer marketing manager product marketing professional excited about web3 to join our team.
In this role at Aptos, you will be responsible for marketing strategy, planning, execution, and measurement across our engineering team.
What youll be doing:

Coordinate with Engineering, Product Managers and Marketing Leads to create marketing plans that align with overall engineering and product roadmaps 
Determine marketing strategy and execution plan for priority releases, technical innovations and products
Ideate and create ongoing content series, including but not limited to: blogs, social media, videos strategy, podcast, newsletters
Responsible for the creation of each piece of content and the planned release and campaign around each piece of content
Work with in-house, or external agencies to support always-on content streams 
Outline product marketing processes and timelines and oversee successful execution coordinating across multiple lines of business 
Create and manage budgets for marketing priority projects 

What were looking for:

5-8 years technical marketing, product marketing and campaign management experience
Exceptional project management skills
Deep understanding of technical concepts and ability to take deeply technical concepts and translate them for specific audiences
Strong organizational and communication skills
Ability to manage multiple project timelines seamlessly with little oversight
Ability to manage multiple priorities and define prioritization for multiple internal and external stakeholders 

The base salary range for this full-time position is 119k - 183k. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and typical maximum target for new hire salaries for the position of a candidate based in the Bay Area at any level. We do hire exceptionally talented professionals with decades of experience in their field. As such, our range may be higher than what is displayed. Our base salary ranges are determined by experience and location, and we hire at all levels for multiple roles. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, job-related skills demonstrated during the interviews, working experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in role postings reflect the base salary only and do not include equity, tokens, or benefits.Our Benefits

100 insurance premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents (US Employees)
Equipment of your choice
Flexible vacation time, 11 holidays, and floating company days off 
Competitive Salary
Equity (RSUs)
Protocol Token Grants
401k matching (US Employees)
Fun and inclusive in-person and digital events

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.