Aptos is a people-first blockchain on a mission to help billions of people achieve universal and fair access to decentralized assets in a safe and scalable way.
Founded by some of the original creators and maintainers that researched, designed, and built the Diem blockchain to serve this purpose, we have dedicated several years toward this mission. We believe the open-source Diem technology we have developed is an important foundation of a safe and scalable web3 world where everyone has more equitable opportunities to grow and access financial assets with lower fees and fewer intermediaries.  
Aptos (Ohlone for The People) encompasses our mission and ethos for why we build.About The Role
We are looking for a passionate and experienced Blockchain Dev Infra Engineer to join our team. A blockchain is a highly complex distributed system. Also, a blockchain must provide absolute SLAs regarding data correctness and availability and, as such, requires custom-built frameworks to bring certainty into the operations.
The blockchain dev-infra role will work closely with our PE team to ensure -

Developer Productivity - Build efficient CICD, test frameworks, benchmarking, and debugging tools to enable faster iterations.
Reliability - replicate real-world network scenarios and simulate failures. Enable stronger guarantees on the system SLAs and prevent breakage due to changes.
Efficiency - build benchmarks and provide tooling that identifies low-level system efficiency opportunities. Enable one-click load tests to ensure consistency of throughput and latency under realistic workloads. The team at Aptos Labs is on a mission to build the highest-throughput blockchain and will require innovative frameworks to ensure the systems performance.

What youll be doing:

Build and enhance the test frameworks that enable module-level testing. Isolate different components of the system and run tests that ensure individual module success (for example, consensus, networking, state-sync etc)
Enable CICD pipelines that ensure all the changes are thoroughly tested and minimize the chances of regressions.
Enable one-click load tests that can spin up 100s or nodes globally with various configurations. Simulate real-world network conditions and chaos testing.
Build tooling to replay transactions from mainnet testnet to a smaller test environment.
Build automation and visibility into the system test frameworks.

What were looking for:

5 years of experience as a software engineer
Strong appreciation for automation and tooling.
Experience building release or performance tooling and automation
Experience building CICD pipelines
Previous experience buildingscaling infrastructure
Nice to have: data visualization and observability tooling experience
Be able to proactively manage prioritization of work and deliver work with great quality and influence the broader team in creating leverage
Passion to initiate and lead projects to completion in a fast-paced, ever-changing, start-up environment

 
The base salary range for this full-time position is 160k - 260k.The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and typical maximum target for new hire salaries for the position of a candidate based in the Bay Area at any level. We do hire exceptionally talented professionals with decades of experience in their field. As such, our range may be higher than what is displayed. Our base salary ranges are determined by experience and location, and we hire at all levels for multiple roles. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, job-related skills demonstrated during the interviews, working experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in role postings reflect the base salary only and do not include equity, tokens, or benefits.Our Benefits

100 insurance premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents (US Employees)
Equipment of your choice
Flexible vacation time, 11 holidays, and floating company days off 
Competitive Salary
Equity (RSUs)
Protocol Token Grants
401k matching (US Employees)
Fun and inclusive in-person and digital events

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.