Aptos is a people-first blockchain on a mission to help billions of people achieve universal and fair access to decentralized assets in a safe and scalable way.
Founded by some of the original creators and maintainers that researched, designed, and built the Diem blockchain to serve this purpose, we have dedicated several years toward this mission. We believe the open-source Diem technology we have developed is an important foundation of a safe and scalable web3 world where everyone has more equitable opportunities to grow and access financial assets with lower fees and fewer intermediaries.  
Aptos (Ohlone for The People) encompasses our mission and ethos for why we build.About The Role
We are seeking an experienced payroll and accounting professional to join our team. This role is a critical bridge between our Finance and People projects and responsibilities. Our ideal candidate will be the day-to-day person running our payroll, employee spending, and employee equity management efforts. 
As a quickly growing company, we know that continued investment in our core Finance and People practices will allow us to move even more rapidly as a team. We are looking for someone who is inspired and passionate about building and supporting a strong Finance and People function that helps power our growth.What youll be doing:

Process domestic and global payroll and reimbursements for all employees and contractors accurately and on time
Administer equity compensation plans, including managing equity awards, processing transactions, and ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements in collaboration with Legal
Prepare role-related reports and update forecasting models
Respond to role-related inquiries from employees and leadership
Ensure compliance with relevant federal, state, and local laws and regulations
Assist with month-end closing processes, including preparing associated payroll and accounts payable journal entries, as applicable
Administer and monitor benefit programs, policies, and procedures.

What were looking for:

At least 5 years of experience 
Knowledge of payroll, benefits, and equity software and processes
Excellent attention to detail and accuracy
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to communicate effectively and proactively with vendors and leadership
Ability to manage multiple priorities and meet deadlines
Preference for working knowledge in Rippling, Deel, Quickbooks, and NetSuite

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.
The base salary range for this full-time position is 135,000 - 200,000. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and typical maximum target for new hire salaries for the position of a candidate based in the Bay Area at any level. We do hire exceptionally talented professionals with decades of experience in their field. As such, our range may be higher than what is displayed. Our base salary ranges are determined by experience and location, and we hire at all levels for multiple roles. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, job-related skills demonstrated during the interviews, working experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in role postings reflect the base salary only and do not include equity, tokens, or benefits.Our Benefits

100 insurance premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents (US Employees)
Equipment of your choice
Flexible vacation time, 11 holidays, and floating company days off 
Competitive Salary
Equity (RSUs)
Protocol Token Grants
401k matching (US Employees)
Fun and inclusive in-person and digital events

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.