Aptos is a people-first blockchain on a mission to help billions of people achieve universal and fair access to decentralized assets in a safe and scalable way.
Founded by some of the original creators and maintainers that researched, designed, and built the Diem blockchain to serve this purpose, we have dedicated several years toward this mission. We believe the open-source Diem technology we have developed is an important foundation of a safe and scalable web3 world where everyone has more equitable opportunities to grow and access financial assets with lower fees and fewer intermediaries.  
Aptos (Ohlone for The People) encompasses our mission and ethos for why we build.About The Role
We are looking for a talented, self-driven Program Manager whos passionate about the blockchain technology and developer communities to join our ecosystem team.
In this role, you will work closely with the ecosystem leadership to drive the successful execution of our key initiatives. You are someone who can work autonomously with a strategy mindset and exceptional organizational skills. You will help the team to actively identify opportunities in process improvements, foster seamless internal and external communication, and be an integral part in growing our Aptos ecosystem.
What youll be doing:

Driving ecosystem initiatives and working with our ecosystem team to help establish and execute specific strategies and initiatives of the Aptos ecosystem team and programs
Assist leadership team in driving key business outcomes and lead select projectsprograms independently
Facilitate effective internal and external communications to ensure a shared understanding of program status, risks, and dependencies amongst stakeholders. 
Conduct market research, synthesize findings, and work with team members to propose recommendations that shape the future of the company strategy
Help enhance the efficiency of the team by establishing new processes and upgrading current processes
Establishing independent opinions to help identify potential risks to projects both internally and externally
Conduct community surveys, interviews, and market research to help the team better understand our developer community needs, then use these feedback for future strategy and process improvement
Work closely with other cross-functional teams to manage strategy milestones and delivery
Maintain and improve ecosystem partner databases, and design ecosystem evaluation frameworks 
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure program milestones and deliverables are completed on time.

What were looking for:

5 years of project andor program management  in fintech, blockchain or cryptocurrency businesses
Deep analytical, prioritization and problem solving skills
Ability to work in small but collaborative teams to achieve company-wide goals
Experience in development and design of distributed computing environments
Experience working in software product management
Exceptional communication and organizational skills
Demonstrated passion for blockchain, cryptocurrency, and the Aptos mission

The base salary range for this full-time position is 114k - 162k. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and typical maximum target for new hire salaries for the position of a candidate based in the Bay Area at any level. We do hire exceptionally talented professionals with decades of experience in their field. As such, our range may be higher than what is displayed. Our base salary ranges are determined by experience and location, and we hire at all levels for multiple roles. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, job-related skills demonstrated during the interviews, working experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in role postings reflect the base salary only and do not include equity, tokens, or benefits.Our Benefits

100 insurance premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents (US Employees)
Equipment of your choice
Flexible vacation time, 11 holidays, and floating company days off 
Competitive Salary
Equity (RSUs)
Protocol Token Grants
401k matching (US Employees)
Fun and inclusive in-person and digital events

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.