Aptos is a people-first blockchain on a mission to help billions of people achieve universal and fair access to decentralized assets in a safe and scalable way.
Founded by some of the original creators and maintainers that researched, designed, and built the Diem blockchain to serve this purpose, we have dedicated several years toward this mission. We believe the open-source Diem technology we have developed is an important foundation of a safe and scalable web3 world where everyone has more equitable opportunities to grow and access financial assets with lower fees and fewer intermediaries.  
Aptos (Ohlone for The People) encompasses our mission and ethos for why we build.About the Role: 
We are searching for an experienced Growth Marketer with a strong focus on product to join our marketing team. 
As a Growth Marketer, you will drive user acquisition, retention, and overall product growth by implementing effective marketing strategies across mediums and tactics. The ideal candidate has strong analytical skills, a deep understanding of growth drivers and is skilled in using data-driven insights to meet business objectives. This is a mid to senior-level position with opportunities for growth and leadership.
What youll be doing: 

Develop and execute comprehensive growth marketing strategies with a strong focus on products, collaborating with cross-functional teams including product management, design, and engineering.
Conduct market research and competitor analysis to identify growth opportunities and develop actionable insights to enhance product and market positioning.
Plan and implement multi-channel marketing campaigns to drive user acquisition, engagement, and retention
Create and optimize marketing funnels, landing pages, and user journeys to maximize conversions and revenue generation.
Utilize data analytics tools to track, measure, and analyze key performance indicators (KPIs), including user engagement, conversion rates, customer lifetime value, and return on investment (ROI).
Perform AB testing and conversion rate optimization (CRO) experiments to improve marketing campaigns and user experiences.
Collaborate with the product team to provide input on product features, user experience, and go-to-market strategies based on customer insights and market trends

What were looking for:

Proven experience (5 years) in growth and product marketing, preferably in a technology-driven company or startup environment.
Interest in web3  blockchain space
Strong understanding of best practices, with a track record of successful product launches and growth initiatives.
Proficiency in utilizing marketing and analytics tools, such as Google Analytics, CRM platforms, AB testing, and marketing automation software.
Demonstrated expertise in managing multi-channel marketing campaigns and optimizing marketing funnels for conversions and revenue growth.
Excellent analytical skills, with the ability to interpret complex data sets and extract actionable insights to drive marketing strategies.
Strong project management skills, with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously, delivering results within deadlines.

The base salary range for this full-time position is 184k - 223k. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and typical maximum target for new hire salaries for the position of a candidate based in the Bay Area at any level. We do hire exceptionally talented professionals with decades of experience in their field. As such, our range may be higher than what is displayed. Our base salary ranges are determined by experience and location, and we hire at all levels for multiple roles. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, job-related skills demonstrated during the interviews, working experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in role postings reflect the base salary only and do not include equity, tokens, or benefits.Our Benefits

100 insurance premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents (US Employees)
Equipment of your choice
Flexible vacation time, 11 holidays, and floating company days off 
Competitive Salary
Equity (RSUs)
Protocol Token Grants
401k matching (US Employees)
Fun and inclusive in-person and digital events

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.