Aptos is a people-first blockchain on a mission to help billions of people achieve universal and fair access to decentralized assets in a safe and scalable way.
Founded by some of the original creators and maintainers that researched, designed, and built the Diem blockchain to serve this purpose, we have dedicated several years toward this mission. We believe the open-source Diem technology we have developed is an important foundation of a safe and scalable web3 world where everyone has more equitable opportunities to grow and access financial assets with lower fees and fewer intermediaries.  
Aptos (Ohlone for The People) encompasses our mission and ethos for why we build.About The Role
Were looking for a talented, eager, and hungry Developer Relations Engineer to support the growing developer community for Aptos. 
This role will be a highly visible role in the organization and in the broader ecosystem. You will not only manage our day-to-day online presence, you will also be responsible for keeping your finger on the pulse of whats happening in the broader crypto ecosystem. You will help with hiring and training a team of global developer relations engineers. You should love community-building and have a knack for developing online relationships. You will be joining a lean team, and this role will have a lot of autonomy  you should be a self-starter and be capable of self-directed work.
This role sits in our Palo Alto, CA office.
What youll be doing:

Collaborating with integration partners to design and launch new web3 protocols built on Aptos
Improving developer experience by creating developer focused tooling, tutorials, documentation and blog posts
Contributing to the technical design and implementation of new products and protocols on Aptos
Coordinating, presenting at, and participating in meetups, hackathons, and conferences around the world
Developing developer community engagement and growth plan
Setting up the right systems and processes to ensure successful developer community building and participation
Staying active and engaged on topics of cryptocurrency and NFTs, and interested in continuously learning about various types of these assets
Working autonomously in a fast-paced, highly collaborative environment with an emphasis on cross-team communication

What were looking for:

Experience with internet culture, memes, Discord and Twitter
Experience with programming languages such as Rust, Move, TypeScript 
Relevant background in a marketing andor developer role, with experience developing successful campaigns in various forms, such as social media campaigns, product launches, and more
Excellent written and oral communication skills, as this role requires frequent communication to members of our community, members of our team, and various third parties

 
The base salary range for this full-time position is 130k - 210k. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and typical maximum target for new hire salaries for the position of a candidate based in the Bay Area at any level. We do hire exceptionally talented professionals with decades of experience in their field. As such, our range may be higher than what is displayed. Our base salary ranges are determined by experience and location, and we hire at all levels for multiple roles. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, job-related skills demonstrated during the interviews, working experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in role postings reflect the base salary only and do not include equity, tokens, or benefits.Our Benefits

100 insurance premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents (US Employees)
Equipment of your choice
Flexible vacation time, 11 holidays, and floating company days off 
Competitive Salary
Equity (RSUs)
Protocol Token Grants
401k matching (US Employees)
Fun and inclusive in-person and digital events

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.