Aptos is a people-first blockchain on a mission to help billions of people achieve universal and fair access to decentralized assets in a safe and scalable way.
Founded by some of the original creators and maintainers that researched, designed, and built the Diem blockchain to serve this purpose, we have dedicated several years toward this mission. We believe the open-source Diem technology we have developed is an important foundation of a safe and scalable web3 world where everyone has more equitable opportunities to grow and access financial assets with lower fees and fewer intermediaries.  
Aptos (Ohlone for The People) encompasses our mission and ethos for why we build.About The Role
As part of the Blockchain Research team, you will be working closely with the engineering team to bridge between state-of-the-art research and cutting edge technology. The scope, as it currently stands, is open-ended, but some projects will likely be from the following areas: networking, consensus, incentives, authenticated storage, zero-knowledge proof systems, anonymous payments, smart-contracts, scalability and performance. The vision is to initiate and drive projects that are motivated by advancing Aptos and blockchain technology in general and publish worthwhile results in top tier conferences, as opposed to working on publishable results and then trying to find applications to blockchains.
If you are an expert on one of the following, Lets talk!

Distributed Systems
Cryptography
Programming Languages 
Game Theory
Databases
Security and Privacy

What were looking for:

PhDs at all levels with a passion to see their research in production
Full stack Researchers with a find a way or make one mindset and ability to lead a research project to top tier publications as well as integration to production
Great communication skills

 
The base salary range for this full-time position is 150k - 300k. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and typical maximum target for new hire salaries for the position of a candidate based in the Bay Area at any level. We do hire exceptionally talented professionals with decades of experience in their field. As such, our range may be higher than what is displayed. Our base salary ranges are determined by experience and location, and we hire at all levels for multiple roles. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, job-related skills demonstrated during the interviews, working experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in role postings reflect the base salary only and do not include equity, tokens, or benefits.Our Benefits

100 insurance premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents (US Employees)
Equipment of your choice
Flexible vacation time, 11 holidays, and floating company days off 
Competitive Salary
Equity (RSUs)
Protocol Token Grants
401k matching (US Employees)
Fun and inclusive in-person and digital events

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.