Aptos is a people-first blockchain on a mission to help billions of people achieve universal and fair access to decentralized assets in a safe and scalable way.
Founded by some of the original creators and maintainers that researched, designed, and built the Diem blockchain to serve this purpose, we have dedicated several years toward this mission. We believe the open-source Diem technology we have developed is an important foundation of a safe and scalable web3 world where everyone has more equitable opportunities to grow and access financial assets with lower fees and fewer intermediaries.  
Aptos (Ohlone for The People) encompasses our mission and ethos for why we build.About The Role
We are looking for a Partner Success Manager in Seoul who can provide ongoing support to the larger Korean enterprises with which we partner to assist them in integrating and using the Aptos protocol and network. The candidate should be able to contribute to building relationships, implementing new programs that will increase our Korean partners use of and revenue potential from the Aptos protocol, and assisting partners with inquiries they have for Aptos Labs engineering, marketing, and business development teams.
A Partner Success Managers responsibilities include supporting our partners as they transition from prospective integrations to full partners, building close relationships that often last beyond any one use case for our protocol, and deeply understanding both the partners business but also the partners value to our ecosystem (both in its contributions and in the tools that it brings that might be of benefit to other projects and partners integrating the Aptos protocol).
Ultimately, you will work directly with partners to help solve their problems and ensure their satisfaction with our network and with the services we provide to them. You will also work closely with other employees and cross-functional teams to promptly address customer questions and concerns.
What youll be doing:

Establish clear internal goals for the integration and growth of partners on our network.
Track the milestones we establish with our partners in their integrations with our network as well as the results of their integrations to inform product and partnerships on the right categories of partners to add to our network.
Assist our partners in the set up of their project on our network and help them navigate our internal teams and new products and software that we release for network partners.
Promote the value of the new products and services that Aptos Labs will be releasing for projects on our network.
Collaborate with our product, engineering, and marketing teams to create training courses and educational materials.
Develop a deep understanding of Aptos Labs products and services so you can identify other areas of collaboration with our partners and synthesize partner feedback for our product and engineering teams.
Review partner complaints and concerns and seek to improve the partner experience

What were looking for:

3 years of experience working in account management or customer success at high-growth technology companies
Ability to understand and interpret commercial agreements and the obligations for both Aptos Labs and partners therein
Experience working with brand image and promoting value through customer and partner experience
Exceptional ability to communicate and foster positive business relationships.  Fluency in both Korean and English are required.
Technical skills required, as they relate to the integration and use of the Aptos protocol and network. 
Accountability and personal organization are essential
Experience in and strong market knowledge of the blockchain  crypto industry preferred, but not necessary
Our Benefits

100 insurance premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents (US Employees)
Equipment of your choice
Flexible vacation time, 11 holidays, and floating company days off 
Competitive Salary
Equity (RSUs)
Protocol Token Grants
401k matching (US Employees)
Fun and inclusive in-person and digital events

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.