Aptos is a people-first blockchain on a mission to help billions of people achieve universal and fair access to decentralized assets in a safe and scalable way.
Founded by some of the original creators and maintainers that researched, designed, and built the Diem blockchain to serve this purpose, we have dedicated several years toward this mission. We believe the open-source Diem technology we have developed is an important foundation of a safe and scalable web3 world where everyone has more equitable opportunities to grow and access financial assets with lower fees and fewer intermediaries.  
Aptos (Ohlone for The People) encompasses our mission and ethos for why we build.About The Role:
Aptos is searching for a Social Media Manager to join our Marketing team. You will be responsible for supporting day-to-day social needs across LOBs, managing and responding through Aptos-owned channels, scaling brand and company awareness through various social media channels, web23, and managing operations across Aptos owned social channels.
This role sits in our Palo Alto, CA office.
What youll be doing

Managing day-to-day operations of Aptos-owned social handles
Overseeing day-to-day management of campaigns and ensure brand consistency
Scaling brand and company awareness through various social media channels while ensuring brand consistency in copy through tone, voice and terminology
Creating actionable plans to both grow and maintain followers through popular social media platforms such as Twitter, YouTube, and LinkedIn
Collecting, analyzing, and continuously improving our social media presence through the use of analytics, insights, and best practices.
Developing daily social content to support larger marketing initiatives, the Aptos ecosystem, campaigns and events around the world

What were looking for

3 years of social media management experience is a must
Exceptional writing and editing skills - ability to develop and effectively use a consistent tone
Proficient using multi-social posting programs such as Hootsuite, HubSpot or TweetDeck or if you have another platform that should be utilized
General knowledge of Search Engine Optimization and internet ranking for web content
Relevant experience determining a target audience and how to cater unique marketing campaigns to capture their attention
Strong understanding of marketing communications strategy and how to effortlessly utilize these concepts throughout various forms of outreach
Interest in and knowledge of web3 is a must
Startup mentality and experience a plus

 
The base salary range for this full-time position is 96k - 125k. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and typical maximum target for new hire salaries for the position of a candidate based in the Bay Area at any level. We do hire exceptionally talented professionals with decades of experience in their field. As such, our range may be higher than what is displayed. Our base salary ranges are determined by experience and location, and we hire at all levels for multiple roles. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, job-related skills demonstrated during the interviews, working experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in role postings reflect the base salary only and do not include equity, tokens, or benefits.
 Our Benefits

100 insurance premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents (US Employees)
Equipment of your choice
Flexible vacation time, 11 holidays, and floating company days off 
Competitive Salary
Equity (RSUs)
Protocol Token Grants
401k matching (US Employees)
Fun and inclusive in-person and digital events

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.