Aptos is a people-first blockchain on a mission to help billions of people achieve universal and fair access to decentralized assets in a safe and scalable way.
Founded by some of the original creators and maintainers that researched, designed, and built the Diem blockchain to serve this purpose, we have dedicated several years toward this mission. We believe the open-source Diem technology we have developed is an important foundation of a safe and scalable web3 world where everyone has more equitable opportunities to grow and access financial assets with lower fees and fewer intermediaries.  
Aptos (Ohlone for The People) encompasses our mission and ethos for why we build.About The Role
As part of the Developer Platform team, you will be working with various internal and external customers, projects, and protocols to foster a thriving developer ecosystem. As part of your work, you will engage builders both to directly support them by guiding them to solutions that help them scale but also building those solutions including SDKs and tooling across the blockchain, wallet infrastructure, and other applications that bridge the Web2 to Web3 divide. Beyond that, you will have opportunity to build robust proof of concept dApps including smart contracts.
What you will do:

Build developer tooling including CLIs and SDKs
Collaborate with teams across the company and ecosystem to scale their initiatives
Build seamless development infrastructure including testing and deployment of dApps
Ensure the reliability and high-quality experience of all externally facing technical components
Develop and maintain high-quality software engineering practices and principles in a highly visible open-source project

What we are looking for:

5 years of industry experience in building high quality code and infrastructure
Experience with Python and Typescript
Interest or familiarity with a low-level programming language such as Rust, CC
Experience with backend systems and scaling high throughput applications
Interest in smart contract languages such as Move and Solidity
A passion for continuously improving developer experience

The base salary range for this full-time position is 150k - 250k. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and typical maximum target for new hire salaries for the position of a candidate based in the Bay Area at any level. We do hire exceptionally talented professionals with decades of experience in their field. As such, our range may be higher than what is displayed. Our base salary ranges are determined by experience and location, and we hire at all levels for multiple roles. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, job-related skills demonstrated during the interviews, working experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in role postings reflect the base salary only and do not include equity, tokens, or benefits.Our Benefits

100 insurance premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents (US Employees)
Equipment of your choice
Flexible vacation time, 11 holidays, and floating company days off 
Competitive Salary
Equity (RSUs)
Protocol Token Grants
401k matching (US Employees)
Fun and inclusive in-person and digital events

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.