Aptos is a people-first blockchain on a mission to help billions of people achieve universal and fair access to decentralized assets in a safe and scalable way.
Founded by some of the original creators and maintainers that researched, designed, and built the Diem blockchain to serve this purpose, we have dedicated several years toward this mission. We believe the open-source Diem technology we have developed is an important foundation of a safe and scalable web3 world where everyone has more equitable opportunities to grow and access financial assets with lower fees and fewer intermediaries.  
Aptos (Ohlone for The People) encompasses our mission and ethos for why we build.About The Role
We are searching for an experienced and self-driven Marketing Lead in Asia thats excited about web3 to join our team. As the Marketing Lead in Asia, you will be responsible for developing and implementing local marketing strategies and primarily executional tactics. 
You will be leading Asian marketing execution, setting priorities and planning together with the global head of marketing, owning the marketing budget, and making sure day-to-day logistics are carried out efficiently. You will be responsible for planning, managing and executing projects related to our marketing campaigns.
What youll be doing:                              

Design and lead the Asian marketing strategy in collaboration with Marketing Lead and Asia Lead
Manage projects across marketing to ensure they are prioritized, on track, and delivered on time
Organize local events in regional markets
Monitor market trends, research markets, user insights and competitors activities and incorporate these into an overall marketing strategy
Analyze and track marketing performance
Coordinate logistics and assist with operations for marketing projects

What were looking for:

At least 5 years of experience working in marketing, public relations, or similar roles
Rich experience in digital advertisingmarketing and social media
Build and manage relationships with local language media, marketing agencies, KOLs and other stakeholders
A strategic thinker with excellent written  verbal communication skills with the ability to share and present ideas among large teams and executive leadership
Strong project management skills, with the ability to inspire internal and external partners, cross-functional teams, and agencies to drive towards a common goal 
Exceptional written communication skills
Ability to organize and project manage events, including in-person meetups, hackathons, etc.
Prior knowledge of web3 is required
Excellent KoreanMandarin and English written and oral communication skills

 
The base salary range for this full-time position is 100k - 175k. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and typical maximum target for new hire salaries for the position of a candidate based in the Bay Area at any level. We do hire exceptionally talented professionals with decades of experience in their field. As such, our range may be higher than what is displayed. Our base salary ranges are determined by experience and location, and we hire at all levels for multiple roles. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location, job-related skills demonstrated during the interviews, working experience, and relevant education or training. Please note that the compensation details listed in role postings reflect the base salary only and do not include equity, tokens, or benefits.Our Benefits

100 insurance premium coverage for medical, dental, and vision for you and your dependents (US Employees)
Equipment of your choice
Flexible vacation time, 11 holidays, and floating company days off 
Competitive Salary
Equity (RSUs)
Protocol Token Grants
401k matching (US Employees)
Fun and inclusive in-person and digital events

Aptos is committed to diversity in the workplace, and were proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not hire on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, citizenship, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.