Role: Trading Operations Analyst
Location: Chicago (2nd shift)  London (EU Hours)
At Aquatic, we are actively recruiting for an Trading Operations Analyst in Chicago and London. In Chicago, this role will be responsible for execution and clearing of Asia strategies. This individual will be a member of a larger DevOps team providing technical support for systems and networking. In this role you will be the domain expert with respect to the local industry. In this capacity, you will have an opportunity to assist in the setup and deployment of new APAC strategies. There is an opportunity to transition to US coverage and hours upon successful expansion to the region.
In London, this role will be responsible for execution and clearing of a pan-european stat arb strategy. This individual will be a member of a larger DevOps team providing technical support for systems and networking. In this role you will be the domain expert with respect to the local industry. In addition to knowledge of the EMEA markets, you will write, review, and maintain the software tools necessary to support the trade, and operate the complex platforms created by the core development staff.
Role Details

Chicago: Daily start-up and execution of the APAC trading strategies.
London: Daily execution of the EMEA equity trading strategy.
Daily reconciliation of all clearing and settlement activity.
Daily data processing of reference and financial data required for the strategy.
Monthly reconciliation with the fund administrator.
Design, development and implementation of software tools for the role.
Integration with the local DevOps team
Integration with global Trading and Operations team.

Technical Experience: 

2 years experience within Trading and Operations.
Extensive experience with writing SQL and direct interaction with databases.
Experience with Linux via the command line.
Experience with Github.
Familiarity with python.
Exposure to the event processing and Kafka.

Candidate Qualities: 

Extremely reliable and strong sense of ownership.
Able to work as part of a global team.
Experience and background in financial markets.
Desire to find and develop automated solutions.
Comfortable working under pressure with critical and immediate deadlines.
Attention to detail.
Receptive to direct feedback
Strong sense of urgency.
Comfortable supervising significant financial risk.
Strong interest in technology and engineering.

The base salary for this role is anticipated to be between 150,000 and 300,000 USD, which is based on information at the time of posting. This position may also be eligible for additional forms of compensation, such as a discretionary bonus, and benefits. Discretionary bonus can be a significant portion of total compensation. Actual compensation for successful candidates will be carefully determined based on a number of factors, including their unique skills, qualifications and relevant experience.
Benefits:

Benefits: Fully paid medical, dental, and vision for employees and dependents, competitive 401k plan, employer-paid life  disability insurance
Perks: Wellness programs, casual dress, snacks, lunch, game room, team and company events
Development: Open environment to maximize learning and knowledge sharing
Time: Generous PTO, paid holidays, competitive paid caregiver leaves

Aquatic Capital 
Aquatic is a quantitative trading and investment company recently launched by Jon Graham. Prior to founding Aquatic, Jon was a Partner and Senior Managing Director at Citadel, where he worked for more than 13 years. At Citadel, Jon held numerous senior positions over the years, including head of Statistical Arbitrage and Equity High Frequency, culminating in leading the highly successful Global Quantitative Strategies business.  
Aquatic develops systematic investment strategies, enabled by a leading-edge research and development platform. The vision is simple: to build a world class, quantitative trading company with a collaborative team of highly capable researchers and engineers.
This role represents a unique opportunity to join a quantitative investment manager at the foundational level of building a world class operation from scratch. The firms culture will be shaped by collaboration, meritocracy, ambition, and calm determination. 
Aquatic is a proud equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identityexpression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics.