At Aquatic, we are actively recruiting for a Research Engineer. In this role, you will partner with the Quantitative Research team to define priorities and deliver custom software solutions. 
Role Details

Collaborate with senior researchers and technologists to investigate novel research ideas, evaluate them with large-scale experiments, and develop scientific libraries to share these findings and processes
Build the tools and engines that bring our platforms and models to live trading
Over time independently originate, test, develop, and own research projects and processes
London-based candidates will be instrumental in our Asian market expansion, providing vital engineering support during trading hours for seamless operations and communication. This role will also oversee knowledge transition as we establish and grow our Asian team.

Technical Experience: 

Expertise in Python and C
Comfort with large parallel computational problems 
Numeracy skills that can be applied toward developing software for researchers
Experience building software in quantitative trading environments is beneficial 
A strong orientation towards iterative software development and development hygiene 

Candidate Qualities:  

Strong bias for action
Driven by accountability and internal urgency
Desire to independently seek best solutions
Preference for working in a team that focuses on delivering results aligned with Research goals
Comfortable providing and receiving actionable feedback in a collaborative team setting
Motivated by an ambitious environment and driven colleagues 

The base salary for this role is anticipated to be between 150,000 and 300,000, which is based on information at the time of posting. This position may also be eligible for additional forms of compensation, such as a discretionary bonus, and benefits. Discretionary bonus can be a significant portion of total compensation. Actual compensation for successful candidates will be carefully determined based on a number of factors, including their unique skills, qualifications and relevant experience.
Benefits:

Benefits: Fully paid medical, dental, and vision for employees and dependents, competitive 401k plan, employer-paid life  disability insurance
Perks: Wellness programs, casual dress, snacks, lunch, game room, team and company events
Development: Open environment to maximize learning and knowledge sharing
Time: Generous PTO, paid holidays, competitive paid caregiver leaves

Aquatic Capital 
Aquatic is a quantitative trading and investment company recently launched by Jon Graham. Prior to founding Aquatic, Jon was a Partner and Senior Managing Director at Citadel, where he worked for more than 13 years. At Citadel, Jon held numerous senior positions over the years, including Head of Statistical Arbitrage and Equity High Frequency, culminating in leading the highly successful Global Quantitative Strategies business.  