Role: Quantitative Researcher
Location: Chicago
At Aquatic, we are actively recruiting for Quantitative Researchers. In this role, you will work with a team to develop a variety of signals, models, and strategies for trading financial markets. As part of the role, you will be responsible for the design and implementation of various components of our research system, and you will evaluate their effectiveness by using rigorous statistical methods. As part of a small team with exposure to multiple areas of research, you will have the opportunity to rapidly grow your knowledge of quantitative finance.
Candidate requirements:

Undergrad in mathematics, statistics, machine learning, physics, computer science, or other scientific discipline
Exceptional mathematical, analytical, and problem-solving ability
Programming proficiency in Python or C
Experience in solving data-intensive problems a plus
Demonstrated ability to complete statistical or applied mathematical research a plus
Successful participation in mathematical competitions a plus e.g., IMO, Putnam
Prior experience in a quantitative role within a trading environment a plus

Desired qualities: 

Intellectually curious, creative, and rigorous
Willingness to challenge assumptions and revise opinions in the face of compelling evidence
Self-motivated and highly productive, with a strong sense of urgency and accountability
Willing to take ownership of ones work, working both independently and within a small team
Meticulous attention to detail
Ability to manage and prioritize multiple threads of work
Able to work across disciplines
Excellent communication and collaboration skills
Comfortable providing and receiving actionable feedback in a collaborative team setting

Aquatic Capital Management
Aquatic is a quantitative trading and investment company recently launched by Jon Graham. Prior to founding Aquatic, Jon was a Partner and Senior Managing Director at Citadel, where he worked for more than 13 years. At Citadel, Jon held numerous senior positions over the years, including head of Statistical Arbitrage and Equity High Frequency, culminating in leading the highly successful Global Quantitative Strategies business.  
At Aquatic, we are building a world class quantitative trading company with a collaborative team of highly capable researchers and engineers. The firms culture is shaped by collaboration, meritocracy, ambition, and calm determination. This role represents a unique opportunity to join a distinguished and hugely successful quantitative investment manager in the early stages of building a world class operation from scratch.