Aquatic is looking for exceptional Quantitative Researchers to create and improve proprietary trading models and strategies while working closely with engineers and senior leaders across the firm.  Quantitative Researchers within Aquatic work on a variety of trading strategies and research projects, with the opportunity to conduct independent research and originate research topics over time.
Specific responsibilities range from utilizing financial and other data in an effort to create or improve predictive models, developing andor leveraging leading-edge statistical and machine-learning models to enhance the research and development system, creating algorithms to monetize the predictive signals.
Technical requirements:

Undergrad, MS, or PhD candidates in finance, computer science, mathematics, statistics, machine learning, physics, or other scientific discipline
Solid mathematical and analytical ability; exceptional problem-solving and modeling ability
Demonstrated ability to complete high level, statistical or applied mathematical research
Prior experience in a quantitative role within a trading environment a plus
Experience in solving highly complex, data intensive problems
Programming proficiency in any of the following: C, Java, R, or Python

Behavioral requirements:

Strong research hygiene
Self-motivated and highly-productive, with a strong sense of ownership and urgency
Intellectually curious, creative, and rigorous
Excellent communication and collaboration skills
Meticulous attention to detail
Able to work across disciplines
Willing to take ownership of hisher work, working both independently and within a small team
Driven and tenacious approach with desire to build something scratch

The base salary for this role is anticipated to be between 150,000 and 300,000, which is based on information at the time of posting. This position may also be eligible for additional forms of compensation, such as a discretionary bonus, and benefits. Discretionary bonus can be a significant portion of total compensation. Actual compensation for successful candidates will be carefully determined based on a number of factors, including their unique skills, qualifications and relevant experience.
Benefits:

Benefits: Fully paid medical, dental, and vision for employees and dependents, competitive 401k plan, employer-paid life  disability insurance
Perks: Wellness programs, casual dress, snacks, lunch, game room, team and company events
Development: Open environment to maximize learning and knowledge sharing
Time: Generous PTO, paid holidays, competitive paid caregiver leaves

Aquatic Capital 
Aquatic is a quantitative trading and investment company recently launched by Jon Graham. Prior to founding Aquatic, Jon was a Partner and Senior Managing Director at Citadel, where he worked for more than 13 years. At Citadel, Jon held numerous senior positions over the years, including Head of Statistical Arbitrage and Equity High Frequency, culminating in leading the highly successful Global Quantitative Strategies business.  
Uncluttered by legacy platforms and processes, Aquatic develops systematic investment strategies, enabled by a leading-edge research and development platform. The vision is simple: to build a world class, quantitative investment manager with a collaborative team of highly capable researchers and engineers.
This role represents a unique opportunity to join a quantitative investment manager at the foundational level of building a world class operation from scratch. The firms culture will be shaped by collaboration, meritocracy, ambition, and calm determination. 