At Aquatic, we are actively recruiting for a Software Engineer experienced in developing, managing, and maintaining systems in production. In this role, you will partner with the Quantitative Research team to build battle-tested production trading systems and create automated infrastructure to accelerate delivery of new models to live trading.
Role Details

Develop and manage high quality, robust and efficient data and model pipelines
Build tools that bring our models to live trading efficiently and in an automated, reproducible fashion
Improve capabilities, performance, reliability, scalability and throughput of trading systems
Work closely with quantitative, portfolio researchers to improve the profitability of trading tactics

Technical Experience: 

At least 5 years of full-time professional software development experience
Previous experience with market data is preferred 
Strong background in software engineering
Expertise in C and familiarity with Python
Comfortable with iterative software development; high standards for software quality and hygiene
No experience required in finance andor quantitative trading; interest is beneficial

Candidate Qualities:  

Strong bias for action
Driven by accountability and internal urgency
Desire to independently seek best solutions
Preference for working in a team that focuses on delivering results aligned with Research goals
Comfortable providing and receiving actionable feedback in a collaborative team setting
Motivated by an ambitious environment and driven colleagues 

The base salary for this role is anticipated to be between 150,000 and 300,000, which is based on information at the time of posting. This position may also be eligible for additional forms of compensation, such as a discretionary bonus, and benefits. Discretionary bonus can be a significant portion of total compensation. Actual compensation for successful candidates will be carefully determined based on a number of factors, including their unique skills, qualifications and relevant experience.
Benefits:

Benefits: Fully paid medical, dental, and vision for employees and dependents, competitive 401k plan, employer-paid life  disability insurance
Perks: Wellness programs, casual dress, snacks, lunch, game room, team and company events
Development: Open environment to maximize learning and knowledge sharing
Time: Generous PTO, paid holidays, competitive paid caregiver leaves

Aquatic Capital 
Aquatic is a quantitative trading and investment company recently launched by Jon Graham. Prior to founding Aquatic, Jon was a Partner and Senior Managing Director at Citadel, where he worked for more than 13 years. At Citadel, Jon held numerous senior positions over the years, including Head of Statistical Arbitrage and Equity High Frequency, culminating in leading the highly successful Global Quantitative Strategies business.  
Uncluttered by legacy platforms and processes, Aquatic develops systematic investment strategies, enabled by a leading-edge research and development platform. The vision is simple: to build a world class, quantitative investment manager with a collaborative team of highly capable researchers and engineers.
This role represents a unique opportunity to join a quantitative investment manager at the foundational level of building a world class operation from scratch. The firms culture will be shaped by collaboration, meritocracy, ambition, and calm determination. 