At Aquatic, we are actively recruiting for a Software Engineer in our Chicago or New York office. In this role, you will work with operations, software engineers and quantitative researchers to onboard and manage new data sources for our reference data platform.
Responsibilities:

Develop and manage firmwide use of our reference data platform
Work closely with operations and researchers to add features and onboard new datasets
Interact with vendors to understand data schemas and plan for changes
Improve capabilities, performance, reliability, scalability and throughput of reference data systems

Technical Skills: 

3 years full-time professional software development experience
High proficiency in Python, SQL, relational databases, and structured data formats
Experience building batch data processing jobs in Python
Familiarity with cloud-based data solutions
Experience in finance strongly preferred

Candidate Qualities:  

Exceptional communication and coordination skills
Strong bias for action
Driven by accountability and internal urgency
Comfortable providing and receiving actionable feedback in a collaborative team setting
Motivated by an ambitious environment and driven colleagues 

The base salary for this role is anticipated to be between 150,000 and 300,000, which is based on information at the time of posting. This position may also be eligible for additional forms of compensation, such as a discretionary bonus, and benefits. Discretionary bonus can be a significant portion of total compensation. Actual compensation for successful candidates will be carefully determined based on a number of factors, including their unique skills, qualifications and relevant experience.
Benefits:

Benefits: Fully paid medical, dental, and vision for employees and dependents, competitive 401k plan, employer-paid life  disability insurance
Perks: Wellness programs, casual dress, snacks, lunch, game room, team and company events
Development: Open environment to maximize learning and knowledge sharing
Time: Generous PTO, paid holidays, competitive paid caregiver leaves

Aquatic Capital 
Aquatic is a quantitative trading and investment company recently launched by Jon Graham. Prior to founding Aquatic, Jon was a Partner and Senior Managing Director at Citadel, where he worked for more than 13 years. At Citadel, Jon held numerous senior positions over the years, including head of Statistical Arbitrage and Equity High Frequency, culminating in leading the highly successful Global Quantitative Strategies business.  
Aquatic develops systematic investment strategies, enabled by a leading-edge research and development platform. The vision is simple: to build a world class, quantitative trading company with a collaborative team of highly capable researchers and engineers.
This role represents a unique opportunity to join a quantitative investment manager at the foundational level of building a world class operation from scratch. The firms culture will be shaped by collaboration, meritocracy, ambition, and calm determination. 
Aquatic is a proud equal opportunity workplace. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identityexpression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other applicable legally protected characteristics.