Artsys mission is to expand the art market to support more artists and art in the world. Artsy has created the worlds largest two-sided art marketplace, offering more than 1 million works by 100,000 artists from 4,000 leading galleries, fairs, auction houses, and institutions in more than 100 countries.

 Do you have a passion for Product Design and want to contribute to Artsys growing marketplace? 
Were always looking for people to join our Product Design team at Artsy, and sometimes timing is everything. Thats why we want to hear from youwhenever!
Submit your application with us today and well keep your information on file. When we have an opening, well reach out if there is a match.
The Product Design team is embedded within a multidisciplinary Product group. Every Product Designer collaborates closely with Product, Data, and Engineering on their product teams to research, ship iteratively, shape the roadmap, and set a collective vision. At Artsy, we are a collaborative and supportive team of designers that are driven by learning, strong design fundamentals, strategic thinking informed by research, and delivering meaningful value.
Your role will be to shape and elevate our customer experience. Youll need to employ big-picture problem solving, user-centered holistic thinking and outstanding design craft skills to deliver value and delight for Artsys customer base. Youll be creating engaging, frictionless UXD solutions for empowering collectors to discover new artists, stay up-to-date with the artists they collect, and grow their art collection purposefully. 
The ideal candidate brings eCommerce, Luxury, or Marketplace experience and is comfortable designing across web and mobile platforms.
We are currently only able to support employment in Berlin, London or in New York City.
What We Offer:

Opportunity to reimagine the art industry while working with a talented, diverse, international team. 
Competitive salary and equity
Flexible time off: we empower Artsy employees to take time off based on their desires and needs that matter most to them
We are a distributed-first company where employees have the flexibility to work from home. Offices are available for employees in New York, London, and Berlin. (In-person recommendations, and location will vary by role) 
Comprehensive healthcare  benefit options specific to each region andor location
Professional development, including: mentoring, lunch  learns, regular training, 1:1 management, and an open feedback culture
Engaging opportunities and internal programming globally, to foster new relationships and build upon our collaborative community. Including: happy hours, holiday parties, global All Hands meetings, Artsy Salon (a yearly exhibition of our teams creativity), attendance to art world events, and more

Artsy Values
Artsy has five core values that will inform your experience at Artsy.
For the Love of Art: We have relentless curiosity, empathy, and passion for collectors, artists, and the art market. We are here to make the art world more fair and welcoming.
Own Our Outcomes: We are all individual owners of Artsys shared success. We are resourceful and resilient, and to get the job done, we each take responsibility for our outcomes.
Lead with Openness: We trust in our teammates. We seek diverse perspectives, communicate authentically, and act with integrity. A more open art world starts with us.  
Transform Together: Our mission asks us to challenge the status quo. We embrace feedback, learning, and change so that we can transform our industry, our company, and ourselves. 
Impact Over Perfection: Using both art and science, we debate and decide swiftly and iterate on our plans as we learn. To make the biggest impact, we prioritize speed and clarity of action over perfection.