Artsys mission is to expand the art market to support more artists and art in the world. Artsy has created the worlds largest two-sided art marketplace, offering more than 1 million works by 100,000 artists from 4,000 leading galleries, fairs, auction houses, and institutions in more than 100 countries.

 Artsy is seeking an experienced and driven Specialist with expertise in Prints  Multiples to join our Secondary Markets team. This team is a recent area of Artsys business investment that aims to create more liquidity in the market. 
As a Specialist, you will be a change agent for the way art is sold — leading collectors, dealers, and galleries through the process of selling art exclusively online. You will be responsible for sourcing and attracting in-demand property through your network of collectors and dealers. You will unlock commercial, desirable works of art and will manage the full operational process of bringing it to market across Artsys online channels.
To be successful in this role, you will have had experience working at an online marketplace, with a strong sales record, and an engaged client list. More importantly, you are a creative problem-solver who is resilient in working through challenges. 
What Youll Do

Identify and source high demand supply across collectors, advisors and dealers in the Prints  Multiples category
Client cultivation: Manage and expand relationships with sellers and identify opportunities through Artsys database
Pipeline management: Provide white glove experience for sellers, guiding them through the unique process of selling works digitally 
Work in collaboration with a number of stakeholders, including marketing, operations, legal, trust  safety to maintain a high caliber of curated auctions 
Authenticate, catalog and price property 

Who You Are:

5-10 years of professional experience in Prints  Multiples category 
Existing client relationships and book of business, with proven sales track record
Strong operator with ability to manage highly complex processes and sales cycles
Deal structuring and contract negotiation skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong analytical skills and attention to detail 
Comfort operating independently in a fast-paced environment 

What We Offer: 

Opportunity to reimagine the art industry while working with a talented, diverse, international team
Competitive salary and equity
Flexible time off: our culture of trust and empowerment allows employees to take the time they need away from work while still excelling in their roles
We are a global hybrid team: most employees work from our NYC, London, or Berlin offices 2-3 days per week
Comprehensive healthcare  benefit options, including: medical, dental, parental leave, short- and long-term disability, Employee Assistance Program featuring free mental health support, 401k, commuter benefits, flexible spending accounts (FSA), health savings accounts (HSA), financial wellness support  resources, and more
Professional development, including: mentoring, regular training, 1:1 management, and an open feedback culture
Artsy community programing: happy hours, holiday parties, global weekly All Hands meetings, Artsy Salon (a yearly exhibition of our teams creativity), attendance to art world events, and more

The base salary range for this role is 80,000-110,000 annually. In addition, you will be eligible for the companys commission plan.
Artsy is committed to equitable compensation practices, and your offer will depend on the relevant experience and skillset you bring to the team.
Artsy Values
Artsy has five core values that will inform your experience at Artsy.
For the Love of Art: We have relentless curiosity, empathy, and passion for collectors, artists, and the art market. We are here to make the art world more fair and welcoming.
Own Our Outcomes: We are all individual owners of Artsys shared success. We are resourceful and resilient, and to get the job done, we each take responsibility for our outcomes.
Lead with Openness: We trust in our teammates. We seek diverse perspectives, communicate authentically, and act with integrity. A more open art world starts with us.  
Transform Together: Our mission asks us to challenge the status quo. We embrace feedback, learning, and change so that we can transform our industry, our company, and ourselves. 
Impact Over Perfection: Using both art and science, we debate and decide swiftly and iterate on our plans as we learn. To make the biggest impact, we prioritize speed and clarity of action over perfection.