Artsys mission is to expand the art market to support more artists and art in the world. Artsy has created the worlds largest two-sided art marketplace, offering more than 1 million works by 100,000 artists from 4,000 leading galleries, fairs, auction houses, and institutions in more than 100 countries.

 Artsy is looking for a dynamic, self-motivated account executive to join one of the most exciting companies in the art world at the intersection of fine art and technology.
The Account Executive will manage and upsell a portfolio of art galleries across North and Latin America. As an Account Executive, you will report to the Sales Lead in your region and be responsible for growing your book of business through subscription revenue upsells, and managing client best practices to drive artwork sales and grow Artsys marketplace.
This is a target-oriented team where your contributions have a direct impact on Artsys bottom line. All account executives have individual targets and KPIs to achieve quarterly. The role requires an individual who is able to work with a discerning clientele, have high level strategic conversations, and deliver sales at scale. You will use internal data to make smart decisions and identify areas of opportunities for your gallery partners to ensure a successful partnership and their ongoing engagement with the platform. You will be an ambassador for Artsy with new and existing galleries and pitch our value proposition and mission of expanding the art market to support more artists and art in the world.
What Youll Do:

Maintain active relationships with Artsys gallery partners, directly managing a portfolio of 150 accounts
Identify opportunities to upsell partners and renew annual subscriptions to meet and exceed revenue growth goals
Maintain a full pipeline of opportunities and support high velocity through the sales funnel using Artsys core sales operating systems (i.e. Salesforce).
Working cross-functionally with New Business, Partner Support, Operations, and Marketing among other functions to drive initiatives that would support these galleries
Provide strategic support for managing galleries online profiles and inventory on Artsy identifying opportunities to maximize on-platform transactions
Contribute to developing and executing regional strategies

Who You Are: 
We welcome you to apply regardless of  checking all the boxes below, and are excited to hear what you can bring to the team.

This position is part of a team based in New York City with expectations of 2-3 days in office
3-5 years of work experience in a B2B sales or account management role with a proven track record in client retention, upsells, andor customer acquisition.
Deep interest andor experience working in the art industry
Extremely self-motivated and solutions-oriented with a drive to succeed and can work independently.
Metrics-driven and results-oriented
Demonstrates excellent verbal and written communications skills, and has practiced this in a customer or client-facing role
Ability to remain calm under pressure  can excel under time-sensitive deadlines and think strategically to problem solve when necessary, maintains a positive outlook in difficult situations, demonstrates emotional resilience
Experienced in using a CRM system such as Salesforce

What We Offer: 

Opportunity to reimagine the art industry while working with a talented, diverse, international team. 
Competitive salary and equity
Flexible time off: we empower Artsy employees to take time off based on their desires and needs that matter most to them
We are a distributed-first company where employees have the flexibility to work from home. Offices are available for employees in New York, London, and Berlin. (In-person recommendations, and location will vary by role) 
Comprehensive healthcare  benefit options, including: medical, dental, parental leave, short- and long-term disability, Employee Assistance Program featuring free mental health support, 401k, commuter benefits, flexible spending accounts (FSA), health savings accounts (HSA), financial wellness support  resources, and more
Professional development, including: mentoring, lunch  learns, regular training, 1:1 management, and an open feedback culture
Artsy community programming including happy hours, holiday parties, global All Hands meetings, Artsy Salon (a yearly exhibition of our teams creativity), attendance to art world events, and more

The base salary range for this role is 60,000-72,000 annually. In addition, you will be eligible for the companys commission plan, with an annual VC opportunity of 25k USD.Artsy is committed to equitable compensation practices, and your offer will depend on the relevant experience and skillset you bring to the team.
Artsy Values
Artsy has five core values that will inform your experience at Artsy.
For the Love of Art: We have relentless curiosity, empathy, and passion for collectors, artists, and the art market. We are here to make the art world more fair and welcoming.
Own Our Outcomes: We are all individual owners of Artsys shared success. We are resourceful and resilient, and to get the job done, we each take responsibility for our outcomes.
Lead with Openness: We trust in our teammates. We seek diverse perspectives, communicate authentically, and act with integrity. A more open art world starts with us.  
Transform Together: Our mission asks us to challenge the status quo. We embrace feedback, learning, and change so that we can transform our industry, our company, and ourselves. 
Impact Over Perfection: Using both art and science, we debate and decide swiftly and iterate on our plans as we learn. To make the biggest impact, we prioritize speed and clarity of action over perfection.