Artsys mission is to expand the art market to support more artists and art in the world. Artsy has created the worlds largest two-sided art marketplace, offering more than 1 million works by 100,000 artists from 4,000 leading galleries, fairs, auction houses, and institutions in more than 100 countries.

 Artsy is looking for a Sales Representative who will engage with galleries across Europe, the Middle East and Africa, educating and consulting with them on their online presence and digital strategy, ultimately winning new business for Artsy. 
The New Business Team defines and pitches Artsys value prop to galleries, driving subscription revenue to sustain Artsys long-term mission of expanding the art market to support more artists and art in the world. This is a target-oriented team where your contributions have a direct impact on Artsys bottom line. 
Working on the New Business Team provides a unique opportunity to expand Artsys global gallery network, supporting our goals of expanding the art market to support more artists and art in the world. Join us in shaping the future of the art world by leveraging your expertise in senior sales and establishing impactful relationships with blue chip galleries and VIP clients.
What Youll Do:

Consistently hit monthly and quarterly targets for new gallery revenue 
Carry out the full sales cycle from initial outreach to closing business, maintaining high conversion rates on Inbound and Outbound funnels
Utilize crm systems to build and manage a full sales pipeline (using Salesforce  Outreach) 
Identify and overcome objections throughout the full sales cycle
Drive consultative sales approach, leaning into discovery and understanding of clients needs
Timely and thoughtful follow-up to establish trust and strong relationships with your prospects

Who You Are: 
We welcome you to apply regardless of  checking all the boxes below, and are excited to hear what you can bring to the team.

You are currently authorized to live and work in London 
Language skills (French, German, Italian, Spanish) are a plus
3-5 years of professional sales experience
Experience in B2B or marketplace sales or in account management with proven success in client retention and upsells, andor customer acquisition
A consultative and solutions-focused sales professional
Strong negotiation and closing skills 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Highly organised with exceptional sales pipeline management abilities, and strong time management skills
Metrics-driven and results-oriented, constantly striving to achieve and exceed sales targets

What We Offer: 

Opportunity to reimagine the art industry while working with a talented, diverse, international team. 
Competitive salary and equity
Flexible time off: our culture of trust and empowerment allows employees to take the time they need away from work while still excelling in their roles
We are a global hybrid team: most employees work from our NYC, London, or Berlin offices 2-3 days per week. (In-person expectations vary by role)
Private healthcare  benefit options, including: medical, dental, enhanced parental leave, Pension Plan, life assurance, Employee Assistance Programme featuring free mental health support, physio, and more
Professional development, including: mentoring, lunch  learns, regular training, 1:1 management, and an open feedback culture
Engaging opportunities and internal programming globally, to foster new relationships and build upon our collaborative community. Including: happy hours, holiday parties, global All Hands meetings, Artsy Salon (a yearly exhibition of our teams creativity), attendance to art world events, and more

Artsy Values
Artsy has five core values that will inform your experience at Artsy.
For the Love of Art: We have relentless curiosity, empathy, and passion for collectors, artists, and the art market. We are here to make the art world more fair and welcoming.
Own Our Outcomes: We are all individual owners of Artsys shared success. We are resourceful and resilient, and to get the job done, we each take responsibility for our outcomes.
Lead with Openness: We trust in our teammates. We seek diverse perspectives, communicate authentically, and act with integrity. A more open art world starts with us.  
Transform Together: Our mission asks us to challenge the status quo. We embrace feedback, learning, and change so that we can transform our industry, our company, and ourselves. 
Impact Over Perfection: Using both art and science, we debate and decide swiftly and iterate on our plans as we learn. To make the biggest impact, we prioritize speed and clarity of action over perfection.