Artsys mission is to expand the art market to support more artists and art in the world. Artsy has created the worlds largest two-sided art marketplace, offering more than 1 million works by 100,000 artists from 4,000 leading galleries, fairs, auction houses, and institutions in more than 100 countries.

 Artsy is looking for a (Senior) Sales Manager, Gallery Partnerships who will engage with Galleries across North and South America, educating and consulting them on their online presence and digital strategy, and ultimately winning new business for Artsy.
The New Business Team is responsible for growing our marketplace supply by bringing new Galleries onto Artsys platform. This is a target-oriented team where your contributions have a direct impact on Artsys bottom line.
In this quota-carrying sales position, you will be responsible for the full sales cycle, pitching Artsys value proposition to Galleries and driving subscription revenue. As a (Senior) Sales Manager, Gallery Partnerships, you will focus on selling to large, VIP, and Blue-Chip Galleries, requiring art industry expertise and a deep understanding of Gallery sales motions. 
Working on the New Business Team provides a unique opportunity to expand Artsys global gallery network, supporting our goals of expanding the art market to support more artists and art in the world. Join us in shaping the future of the art world by leveraging your expertise in senior sales and establishing impactful relationships with blue chip galleries and VIP clients.
Key Responsibilities: 

Drive business development efforts by devising, implementing and conducting effective lead generation strategies, engaging with high-value prospects
Consistently achieve and surpass monthly and quarterly revenue targets for new gallery acquisitions, specifically focusing on blue chip galleries and VIP gallery relationships
Manage the end-to-end sales cycle, from initial outreach to closing deals, while maintaining a strong focus on building and nurturing long-term relationships with key prospects
Build and oversee a robust sales pipeline, utilizing Salesforce and Outreach, and ensure high conversion rates for both inbound and outbound leads
Demonstrate expertise in objection handling, effectively addressing client concerns and positioning Artsy as the premier solution for their needs
Cultivate trust and credibility through timely and personalized follow-up, fostering strong and enduring partnerships with prospects

Candidate Qualifications: 

5 years of art industry experience in a revenue driving, client acquisitionretention, or account management role
Direct knowledge and understanding of Gallery sales motions 
A consultative sales professional who prioritizes understanding and meeting customer needs in every interaction
Solutions-focused and a creative problem solver, with strong negotiation skills
Highly organized and able to manage sales pipeline efficiently and effectively; strong time management skills  
Effective verbal and written communicator with the ability to effectively engage with VIP clients
Metrics-driven and highly results-oriented
Language skills (French, German, Italian, Spanish) are a plus

What We Offer: 

Opportunity to reimagine the art industry while working with a talented, diverse, international team.
Competitive salary and equity
Flexible time off: our culture of trust and empowerment allows employees to take the time they need away from work while still excelling in their roles
We are a global hybrid team: most employees work from our NYC, London, or Berlin offices 2-3 days per week
Comprehensive healthcare  benefit options, including: medical, dental, parental leave, short- and long-term disability, Employee Assistance Program featuring free mental health support, 401k, commuter benefits, flexible spending accounts (FSA), health savings accounts (HSA), financial wellness support  resources, and more
Professional development, including: mentoring, lunch  learns, regular training, 1:1 management, and an open feedback culture
Engaging opportunities and internal programming globally, to foster new relationships and build upon our collaborative community. Including: happy hours, holiday parties, global All Hands meetings, Artsy Salon (a yearly exhibition of our teams creativity), attendance to art world events, and more

The base salary range for this role is 58,000-75,000 annually. In addition, you will be eligible for the companys commission plan, with an annual VC opportunity of 25,000. Artsy is committed to equitable compensation practices, and your offer will depend on the relevant experience and skillset you bring to the team.
Artsy Values
Artsy has five core values that will inform your experience at Artsy.
For the Love of Art: We have relentless curiosity, empathy, and passion for collectors, artists, and the art market. We are here to make the art world more fair and welcoming.
Own Our Outcomes: We are all individual owners of Artsys shared success. We are resourceful and resilient, and to get the job done, we each take responsibility for our outcomes.
Lead with Openness: We trust in our teammates. We seek diverse perspectives, communicate authentically, and act with integrity. A more open art world starts with us.  
Transform Together: Our mission asks us to challenge the status quo. We embrace feedback, learning, and change so that we can transform our industry, our company, and ourselves. 
Impact Over Perfection: Using both art and science, we debate and decide swiftly and iterate on our plans as we learn. To make the biggest impact, we prioritize speed and clarity of action over perfection.