Artsys mission is to expand the art market to support more artists and art in the world. Artsy has created the worlds largest two-sided art marketplace, offering more than 1 million works by 100,000 artists from 4,000 leading galleries, fairs, auction houses, and institutions in more than 100 countries.

 Working on the Gallery Partnerships team presents a unique opportunity to not only help build an incredible online resource for the art world, but to also directly serve on the front lines of powering Artsys growth and business goals. 
The Gallery Partnerships Team defines and pitches Artsys value proposition to galleries, driving subscription revenue to sustain Artsys vision of a future where everyone is moved by art every day.
The Sales Development Associate will focus full-time on generating new leads and scheduling meetings with gallery prospects who might be a fit for Artsys subscription services. What Youll Do: 

Generate outbound leads via cold calling and email campaigns
Follow up on marketing generated leads and conduct research to evaluate partnership opportunity and fit
Effectively communicate Artsy value proposition in sales outreach to galleries to generate interest in the Artsy platform
Qualify warm leads for Sales Managers, and schedule product demonstrations with relevant prospects
Test, measure, and improve outreach campaign effectiveness and end-to-end lead management
Meet and exceed core KPIs: daily dials, meetings booked, and activations

Who You Are: We welcome you to apply regardless of checking all the boxes below, and are excited to hear what you can bring to the team.

1-2 years of sales experience or interest in sales 
Thrives on challenges and driven to exceed goals
Has a growth mindset, learns quickly and is very curious
Succeeds in a fast-paced, metric-driven role and team
Compelling and persuasive communicator; comfortable managing communication and outreach across a large target client-base
Strong time management skills
Experience using Salesforce 
Experience in the commercial art world
You are located and authorized to work in London

What We Offer: 

Opportunity to reimagine the art industry while working with a talented, diverse, international team. 
Competitive salary and equity
Flexible time off: our culture of trust and empowerment allows employees to take the time they need away from work while still excelling in their roles
We are a global hybrid team: most employees work from our NYC, London, or Berlin offices 2-3 days per week. (In-person expectations vary by role)
Private healthcare  benefit options, including: medical, dental, enhanced parental leave, Pension Plan, life assurance, Employee Assistance Programme featuring free mental health support, physio, and more
Professional development, including: mentoring, lunch  learns, regular training, 1:1 management, and an open feedback culture
Engaging opportunities and internal programming globally, to foster new relationships and build upon our collaborative community. Including: happy hours, holiday parties, global All Hands meetings, Artsy Salon (a yearly exhibition of our teams creativity), attendance to art world events, and more

Artsy Values
Artsy has five core values that will inform your experience at Artsy.
For the Love of Art: We have relentless curiosity, empathy, and passion for collectors, artists, and the art market. We are here to make the art world more fair and welcoming.
Own Our Outcomes: We are all individual owners of Artsys shared success. We are resourceful and resilient, and to get the job done, we each take responsibility for our outcomes.
Lead with Openness: We trust in our teammates. We seek diverse perspectives, communicate authentically, and act with integrity. A more open art world starts with us.  
Transform Together: Our mission asks us to challenge the status quo. We embrace feedback, learning, and change so that we can transform our industry, our company, and ourselves. 
Impact Over Perfection: Using both art and science, we debate and decide swiftly and iterate on our plans as we learn. To make the biggest impact, we prioritize speed and clarity of action over perfection.