Artsys mission is to expand the art market to support more artists and art in the world. Artsy has created the worlds largest two-sided art marketplace, offering more than 1 million works by 100,000 artists from 4,000 leading galleries, fairs, auction houses, and institutions in more than 100 countries.

 Artsy is looking for a seasoned sales leader to oversee our team of talented and ambitious specialists and art advisors. This team is at the core of Artsys mission to build a liquid secondary market, working with collectors and dealers to source and sell their property via auctions, eCommerce and private sales. Artsy has launched a successful secondary market business and attracted a world class team of specialists and business development professionals, and we are looking for a leader to bring the team to the next level: increasing our sales effectiveness, growing and developing our team, and driving consistent revenue growth.
In this newly created position, you will be directly responsible for the sales output of your team. We are looking for an inspiring leader who can motivate the team to achieve their goals, develop pipelines to manage performance, and help remove blockers to deals getting done. You will enable a group of specialists to build market leading, profitable Artsy Curated Auctions. You will be excited to drive double digit QoQ growth through operational and sales excellence, excellent cross team collaboration, and keen strategic thinking. 
What Youll Do

Manage, hire and develop a team of art advisors and auctions specialists to unlock and sell top supply from collectors and galleries
Provide regular, hands-on sales coaching and relationship management advice and feedback
Directly responsible for global secondary market sales volume across our Artsy Curated Auctions vertical, private sales, and collector eCommerce 
Collaborate effectively with collector services and marketing to operationalize and maintain a robust lead engine for your team
Collaborate effectively with operations teams to ensure a white glove customer experience across pre-and post-sale operations (fulfillment, remittance, etc.)
Work directly with finance to report on sales performance and develop monthly and quarterly forecasts 

Who You Are

Drive and model sales excellence, including coaching, negotiation preparation, pipeline management
Results oriented, thrives on goals and motivates team on a daily, weekly and quarterly basis to achieve targets
Has experience overseeing successful sales performance on auctions andor private sales, including advising on deal terms
Effective collaborator with sales operations and finance; technically adept or willing to learn; can set up pipeline and work with finance to evolve our forecasting models
Works well under pressure and ambiguity; thrives in an early stage business environment where we are capturing revenue while iterating on sales motions
Deeply understands the needs of ultra high net worth clients and can drive successful client outcomes
Understands the market, pricing, competitive landscape, and typical buyer  seller motivations
Experience with Salesforce or other CRM; aptitude for using data to manage sales performance
Book of business a plus but not required

What We Offer: 

Opportunity to reimagine the art industry while working with a talented, diverse, international team
Competitive salary and equity
Flexible time off: our culture of trust and empowerment allows employees to take the time they need away from work while still excelling in their roles
We are a global hybrid team: most employees work from our NYC, London, or Berlin offices 2-3 days per week
Comprehensive healthcare  benefit options, including: medical, dental, parental leave, short- and long-term disability, Employee Assistance Program featuring free mental health support, 401k, commuter benefits, flexible spending accounts (FSA), health savings accounts (HSA), financial wellness support  resources, and more
Professional development, including: mentoring, regular training, 1:1 management, and an open feedback culture
Artsy community programing: happy hours, holiday parties, global weekly All Hands meetings, Artsy Salon (a yearly exhibition of our teams creativity), attendance to art world events, and more

The annual base salary range for this role is 130,000-175,000, plus significant commission pay based on the roles variable compensation plan. Artsy is committed to equitable compensation practices, and your offer will depend on your relevant experience and skill set. 
Artsy Values
Artsy has five core values that will inform your experience at Artsy.
For the Love of Art: We have relentless curiosity, empathy, and passion for collectors, artists, and the art market. We are here to make the art world more fair and welcoming.
Own Our Outcomes: We are all individual owners of Artsys shared success. We are resourceful and resilient, and to get the job done, we each take responsibility for our outcomes.
Lead with Openness: We trust in our teammates. We seek diverse perspectives, communicate authentically, and act with integrity. A more open art world starts with us.  
Transform Together: Our mission asks us to challenge the status quo. We embrace feedback, learning, and change so that we can transform our industry, our company, and ourselves. 
Impact Over Perfection: Using both art and science, we debate and decide swiftly and iterate on our plans as we learn. To make the biggest impact, we prioritize speed and clarity of action over perfection.