Artsys mission is to expand the art market to support more artists and art in the world. Artsy has created the worlds largest two-sided art marketplace, offering more than 1 million works by 100,000 artists from 4,000 leading galleries, fairs, auction houses, and institutions in more than 100 countries.

 As Junior Brand Designer, you will assist in design concepting and delivery of brand assets for campaigns, ensuring quality and visual consistency. You will design for brand, marketing, content, partnerships, cross-team communications, and other company-wide campaigns. The ideal candidate has a background in graphic design, typography, and layout, and understands how to craft and execute on campaigns to bring the Artsy brand to life. Special consideration will be given to designers who are also skilled in photography. Were looking for a highly creative, strategic thinker and maker, who will listen, learn, reinvent, design and simply make stuff. The candidate should bring a fresh design perspective and has a strong interest in the contemporary art world. The Artsy brand team is fast-paced, fun, art-loving, and collaborative.
Reporting to Artsys Brand Creative Director , this position will be a key collaborator and an integral part of the brand creative and marketing teams. The design work we do is often the first touchpoint for prospective users to encounter the brand, and we aim for that experience to be distinct, trusted, and welcoming within the art and commerce landscape.
What Youll Do :

Design brand expressions that communicate brand intention and value, and deliver productionready files.
Work within the brand guidelines to maintain our visual identity, and offer suggestions for our guidelines to continue to develop and evolve to serve a global audience.
Support the creation of creative materials for brand and marketing campaigns, including assets for digital ads, social media, emails, information graphics, in-product content and marketing and other campaign assets as needed.
Work cross-functionally, collaborating with teams outside of marketing, interpret briefs and balancing the needs of stakeholders and breaking down complex narratives into simple, compelling design ideas.
Manage your own time to keep each project within its deadline.
Collaborate closely with the brand team to maintain a high quality of design and creative output.

Who You Are:

Must be currently located in New York City. This is a hybrid role and office attendance 2-3x per week is expected. 
Your background is in graphic design, typography, and building brands. (Degree in graphic design preferred).
You have a strong ability to express ideas clearly across visual formats
You have excellent skills, taste and design aesthetics and typography and layout design.
Photography skills, with a strong interest in developing art direction in relation to brand
You have a solid understanding and desire to keep up to date with art and design industry trends
You have excellent communication skills with the ability to present visual concepts well
You have a good understanding and experience of bringing a brand to life in the digital space, and are excited to continue to learn and grow.
Ability to collaborate and interact effectively and positively with internal team members and with external vendors.
You have proficiency in Adobe Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop, Figma Experience After Effects  video editing is a plus.

To Apply: You must provide a portfolio of design work.
What We Offer: 

Opportunity to reimagine the art industry while working with a talented, diverse, international team.
Competitive salary and equity
Flexible time off: our culture of trust and empowerment allows employees to take the time they need away from work while still excelling in their roles
We are a global hybrid team: most employees work from our NYC, London, or Berlin offices 2-3 days per week
Comprehensive healthcare  benefit options, including: medical, dental, parental leave, short- and long-term disability, Employee Assistance Program featuring free mental health support, 401k, commuter benefits, flexible spending accounts (FSA), health savings accounts (HSA), financial wellness support  resources, and more
Professional development, including: mentoring, lunch  learns, regular training, 1:1 management, and an open feedback culture
Engaging opportunities and internal programming globally, to foster new relationships and build upon our collaborative community. Including: happy hours, holiday parties, global All Hands meetings, Artsy Salon (a yearly exhibition of our teams creativity), attendance to art world events, and more

The salary range for this role is 60,000-75,000 annually. Artsy is committed to equitable compensation practices, and your offer will depend on the relevant experience and skillset you bring to the team. All compensation packages include meaningful Artsy equity and competitive health benefits. Please see our What We Offer above for more detail, or speak to our Recruiter to learn more!
Artsy Values
Artsy has five core values that will inform your experience at Artsy.
For the Love of Art: We have relentless curiosity, empathy, and passion for collectors, artists, and the art market. We are here to make the art world more fair and welcoming.
Own Our Outcomes: We are all individual owners of Artsys shared success. We are resourceful and resilient, and to get the job done, we each take responsibility for our outcomes.
Lead with Openness: We trust in our teammates. We seek diverse perspectives, communicate authentically, and act with integrity. A more open art world starts with us.  
Transform Together: Our mission asks us to challenge the status quo. We embrace feedback, learning, and change so that we can transform our industry, our company, and ourselves. 
Impact Over Perfection: Using both art and science, we debate and decide swiftly and iterate on our plans as we learn. To make the biggest impact, we prioritize speed and clarity of action over perfection.