Assembled is building software to transform and elevate customer support teams, which often represent 20-50 of the people at a company. Our workforce management platform helps some of the fastest-growing, most innovative companies in the world—including Stripe, Zoom, and Robinhood—to schedule, forecast, and organize their support teams. Weve raised 70m in funding from the likes of NEA, Emergence Capital, and Stripe itself. Youll be joining a special group of people who learned the ropes at companies like Stripe, Google, Palantir, Atlassian, Twitter, Airbnb, Looker, NEA, Bain, and more.We work in project-based units of work. Were looking for a Software Engineer with senior level experience to take ownership over the technical direction of a project, provide a team with the technical leadership and mentorship, and take on key project initiatives.
Responsibilities:

Youll lead the technical architecture and implementation on significant new projects and features. Youll help scope these projects and advise the design, product management, and leadership teams on the technical details of these projects.
Youll provide technical mentorship to the rest of the engineering team and advise on topics such as systems design, engineering best practices, and managing technical debt.
Youll participate in design and code reviews and be a go-to person to unblock technical challenges for your team.
Youll serve as the subject matter expert for your team or project by providing guidance to internal partners and customers.

About you:

5 years of experience in software engineering as an individual contributor in full-stack environment.
1 years of experience leading the team of engineers as a technical lead or a senior team member responsible for the technical direction of the project.
Experience: You have significant experience working in production environments and the ability to understand the ramifications of different technical designs and decisions.
Product sense: You have consistently worked with product and design team to take ambiguous problems and turn them into technical stories.
Technical leadership: You have the ability to make well thought through technical trade-offs and have led code reviews or design conversations in the past.
Mentorship: Youve helped mentor and coach other engineers who have then shown concerted, dedicated improvement in their abilities.

The estimated base salary range for this role is 140,000 - 220,000 per year. The base pay offered may vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Stock options are provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, andor other benefits, dependent on the position offered.Our U.S. benefits

Generous medical, dental, and vision benefits 
Paid company holidays, sick time, and unlimited time off
Monthly credits to spend on each: professional development, general wellness, Assembled customers, commuting and community-support agriculture (CSA)
Paid parental leave and family planning support 
Hybrid work model with catered lunches everyday (M-F), snacks, and beverages in our SF  NY offices
401(k) plan enrollment
