Assembled is building software to transform and elevate customer support teams, which often represent 20-50 of the people at a company. Our workforce management platform helps some of the fastest-growing, most innovative companies in the world—including Stripe, Zoom, and Robinhood—to schedule, forecast, and organize their support teams. Weve raised 70m in funding from the likes of NEA, Emergence Capital, and Stripe itself. Youll be joining a special group of people who learned the ropes at companies like Stripe, Google, Palantir, Atlassian, Twitter, Airbnb, Looker, NEA, Bain, and more.If we could apply for this job, we would - its that good. Were looking for a multi-disciplinary marketer whos got storytelling skills for days and a hunger to have more impact in more places. As a critical hire on the Marketing team (and 1 of 2 Product Marketers), youll be empowered to run (and run fast) when it comes to go-to-market strategy, sales enablement, persona development, pricingpackaging, and more. Youll be expected to think like a GM and execute like an Olympian.
To cut to the chase: our next chapter of growth is contingent on differentiated product narratives, bullet-proof sales pitches, strong relationships, and a whole lot more. Sound like something youd want to take on?
Things youll get to do:

Build the product marketing foundation underlying our go-to-market approach, including message house, personas, competitor deep-dives, and so much more
Tackle big-picture storytelling at the brand, category, and investor-facing level
Take full creative control over how our story comes to life across the website, demo videos, sales pitches, and campaigns
Help shape product strategy (through deep understanding of the customer) and own product announcements, from concept to launch
Implement strategy and process around consistent, high-quality content creation for organic, paid, and other efforts
Take the lead on bringing new products to market through impactful launches, cohesive storytelling, and proven

Things wed love for you to bring:

You have 5 years of having seen it before, having done it before, and knowing how to build product-led stories that break through the noise
Youre motivated by the customer, what they need, and how they use our product. You know how to leverage your understanding of the buyer and user journey to help improve the product experience as well as the messaging around it.
Youre a super-connector and people-person who can flex in collaboration with any kind of team, including Sales, Product, and Customer Success and Support. You have a history of rock-solid cross-functional relationships.
Youre resourceful at your core. This means thriving in uncertainty, showing grit in the face of roadblocks, and finding new, better ways to get the job done.
Youre a systems thinker, first and foremost. You can see the forest for the trees to make decisions that are good for the collective experience, and know when to lean on data and when to trust your gut.
Youre unafraid of the details, and are well-versed in organizing allthethings to get the important stuff right.
Youre excited about having a positive impact on customer support teams. Knowledge about or experience in this world isnt required, but it is welcome!
Youre a kind, collaborative, empathetic, and flexible person who is down to get in the boat and help us row!

 
The estimated base salary range for this role is 155,000-195,000 per year. The base pay offered may vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Stock options are provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, andor other benefits, dependent on the position offered. Our U.S. benefits

Generous medical, dental, and vision benefits 
Paid company holidays, sick time, and unlimited time off
Monthly credits to spend on each: professional development, general wellness, Assembled customers, commuting and community-support agriculture (CSA)
Paid parental leave and family planning support 
Hybrid work model with catered lunches everyday (M-F), snacks, and beverages in our SF  NY offices
401(k) plan enrollment
