Assembled is building software to transform and elevate customer support teams, which often represent 20-50 of the people at a company. Our workforce management platform helps some of the fastest-growing, most innovative companies in the world—including Stripe, Zoom, and Robinhood—to schedule, forecast, and organize their support teams. Weve raised 70m in funding from the likes of NEA, Emergence Capital, and Stripe itself. Youll be joining a special group of people who learned the ropes at companies like Stripe, Google, Palantir, Atlassian, Twitter, Airbnb, Looker, NEA, Bain, and more.Job responsibilities

Conduct customer research to deeply understand problems and needs. Consult go-to-market teams, interview customers and prospects, analyze feedback and usage data.
Collaborate with engineering and design teams to design and deliver a robust product roadmap. Provide clear requirements and direction, prioritize key features, and remove blockers. Our team is highly collaborative and individual engineers and designers wear a lot of hats. Expect rigorous discussion and debate.
Foster a culture of experimentation and iteration. Design trials to test new features or strategies, measuring impact  adoption and incorporating learnings.
Measure key metrics of product performance. Report on insights to leadership and cross-functional teams and craft strategies to drive adoption and value.
Evangelize the product vision and roadmap to internal and external stakeholders. Share the why behind key decisions and rally teams around the product strategy. Over 10 of Assemblers are former users, so we care a lot that what were building has meaningful impact.
Champion high product quality. We hold a high bar for usability, visual design, as well as relevance to complex user workflows.
Work in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment. The needs of our customers are changing quickly as companies grow (or shrink) and navigate new ways of working. At the same time, our company has more than doubled the  of customers in the past year. The ability to thrive in ambiguity and change is critical.

Preferred qualifications

3 years of product management experience at a fast-growing technology company
Proven track record of having successfully shipped complex, impactful products
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Strategic thinker that can align short-term execution with long-term goals
Customer orientation, with passion for translating business problems into product solutions
Analytical mindset and familiarity with data analysis tools (e.g. SQL, LookerTableau)
Prefer technical backgrounds  software engineering experience

 
LI-DNIOur U.S. benefits

Generous medical, dental, and vision benefits 
Paid company holidays, sick time, and unlimited time off
Monthly credits to spend on each: professional development, general wellness, Assembled customers, commuting and community-support agriculture (CSA)
Paid parental leave and family planning support 
Hybrid work model with catered lunches everyday (M-F), snacks, and beverages in our SF  NY offices
401(k) plan enrollment
