Assembled is building software to transform and elevate customer support teams, which often represent 20-50 of the people at a company. Our workforce management platform helps some of the fastest-growing, most innovative companies in the world—including Stripe, Zoom, and Robinhood—to schedule, forecast, and organize their support teams. Weve raised 70m in funding from the likes of NEA, Emergence Capital, and Stripe itself. Youll be joining a special group of people who learned the ropes at companies like Stripe, Google, Palantir, Atlassian, Twitter, Airbnb, Looker, NEA, Bain, and more.About The Role

As a Sales Development Representative (SDR), your primary role will be to enhance our outbound sales strategy and generate high-quality sales leads. Youll develop expertise in our product offerings and use that knowledge to provide valuable insights to potential clients. Generating Pipeline will be your core responsibility
Joining as a founding team member, we are seeking an individual who embodies an entrepreneurial spirit and is enthusiastic about contributing to our companys growth. You will report to our SDR Manager.
This is a hybrid role, expected to be in our San Francisco office on Mondays and Thursdays.

What Youll Be Doing

Increase pipeline through booking meetings with outbound leads
Hit daily and monthly outbound goals for cold calls and email outreach, balancing personalization at scale
Develop and execute strategies to penetrate target accounts, including identifying key stakeholders and crafting outbound campaigns
Be the first point of contact for new business prospects and determine the next steps for each lead
Conduct market research to identify new leads
Partner with Account Executives, Marketing and other stakeholders on outbound strategies and lead generating efforts

About You

Strong communication skills, both written and oral
An interest in technology and a desire to kick-off a career in tech sales
A team player, who is also a self-starter (were on a hybrid schedule in-office)
A strong work ethic, competitive spirit, and eagerness to grow
Demonstrated ability working with ambiguous problems
0-2 years experience working in a customer facing role - were open to candidates new to the workforce!

The estimated on target earnings for this role are 80,000-95,000, with a base salary range of 60,000-70,000. The base pay offered may vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Stock options are provided as part of the compensation package, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, andor other benefits, dependent on the position offered. 
LI-DNIOur U.S. benefits

Generous medical, dental, and vision benefits 
Paid company holidays, sick time, and unlimited time off
Monthly credits to spend on each: professional development, general wellness, Assembled customers, commuting and community-support agriculture (CSA)
Paid parental leave and family planning support 
Hybrid work model with catered lunches everyday (M-F), snacks, and beverages in our SF  NY offices
401(k) plan enrollment
