Assembled is building software to transform and elevate customer support teams, which often represent 20-50 of the people at a company. Our workforce management platform helps some of the fastest-growing, most innovative companies in the world—including Stripe, Zoom, and Robinhood—to schedule, forecast, and organize their support teams. Weve raised 70m in funding from the likes of NEA, Emergence Capital, and Stripe itself. Youll be joining a special group of people who learned the ropes at companies like Stripe, Google, Palantir, Atlassian, Twitter, Airbnb, Looker, NEA, Bain, and more.About the role
We are looking for an experienced and visionary engineering leader to strategically guide our Data Platform and Infrastructure teams. These teams have wide charters and act both as external product teams and internal force multipliers. It will be up to this leader to help determine each teams strategy, organization, and focus going forward keeping heavy customer focus and impact in mind.
Youll have wide autonomy to make product decisions and be the technical decision maker for your team. Youll end up working with product managers and design extensively to scope a project, engineers to build the product, and the business team to help launch and sell what your team has built.
Responsibilities

Lead and mentor teams of passionate software engineers that pride themselves on ownership and impact. There will be opportunities to cultivate manager reports.
Recruit, manage, and coach the team to ensure that each person is motivated, excited about work, and performing their best.
Set and communicate a clear vision for the future of these teams. It is important to be customer focused and wear a product manager hat when needed.
Lead the team on technical decisions. Youll be accountable for technical decisions on the team. Youll lead the team in the right direction technically and ensure that the team is thinking through tradeoffs between the long and short term.
Ensure on-time, high quality product delivery to ensure we are getting value to our customers quickly and effectively.
Keep the engineering quality bar high. Drive adoption of engineering best practices. Be hands-on in technical architecture reviews and ensure our infrastructure scales to appropriate levels as we continue to grow. Make contributions to code if needed.
Communicate cross-functionally with customers and business to ensure that everyone at Assembled understands the importance of what the team is building and that communication lines are open. You should help the team empathize with customer needs.
Drive initiatives that improve our operational excellence, technical architecture, cross-teamorganization communication, and recruiting.
Work in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment. The needs of our customers are changing quickly as companies grow (or shrink) and navigate new ways of working. The ability to thrive in ambiguity and change is critical.

Preferred Qualifications

2 years of experience as an engineering manager, 5 years of professional work experience in software development.
Strong track record of coaching engineers to achieve their peak potential.
Outstanding customer-centric mindset, growth mindset, and a hunger for problem solving and impact. Able to take ambiguous problems and turn them into technical stories. 
Strong history making sound product decisions. You should have demonstrated that youre able to ship lasting, high quality, high value products.
Can dive into our infrastructure, intuit how it works, and be able to have a strong intuition for suggestions that will lead us to a stronger engineering position.
You should be comfortable writing code and be able to dive in and fix issues.
Experience closing competitive candidates for their team and the ability to craft and convey compelling visions of the future.
High emotional intelligence and empathetic personality. A strong ability to read between the lines and genuinely connect with a diverse range of fellow colleagues.
A voracious and intrinsic desire to learn and fill in missing skills. An equally strong talent for sharing that information clearly and concisely with others.
Are comfortable with ambiguity and rapidly changing conditions. You view changes as an opportunity to add structure and order when necessary.
Our U.S. benefits

Generous medical, dental, and vision benefits 
Paid company holidays, sick time, and unlimited time off
Monthly credits to spend on each: professional development, general wellness, Assembled customers, commuting and community-support agriculture (CSA)
Paid parental leave and family planning support 
Hybrid work model with catered lunches everyday (M-F), snacks, and beverages in our SF  NY offices
401(k) plan enrollment
