Assembled is building software to transform and elevate customer support teams, which often represent 20-50 of the people at a company. Our workforce management platform helps some of the fastest-growing, most innovative companies in the world—including Stripe, Zoom, and Robinhood—to schedule, forecast, and organize their support teams. Weve raised 70m in funding from the likes of NEA, Emergence Capital, and Stripe itself. Youll be joining a special group of people who learned the ropes at companies like Stripe, Google, Palantir, Atlassian, Twitter, Airbnb, Looker, NEA, Bain, and more.Weve been fortunate to serve a fast-growing user base. In 2021 alone, were serving 3x the number of customers and an order of magnitude more support agents. To support this demand, weve had to rework critical components of our infrastructure.
Some examples include improving our caching to deliver millions of real-time, user-facing metrics or building data pipelines to support ML models that predict volume and generate staffing requirements. This team might be right for you if:

You have extensive cloud computing knowledge, from storage, to compute, to networking, to deploying. Our team uses primarily AWS for this, so prior experience in AWS would be a plus but not required
You have built large scale continuous integration and deployment pipelines.
You have orchestrated and managed large scale data platforms such as Airflow, Kafka, or Jenkins
You have built a wide range of developer tools and systems that can help enable product engineers to safely and efficiently ship out new features, such as end to end testing, canary deploys, automatic regressions testing.

Responsibilities

Ensure site stability: At any given time, this might mean addressing server resource issues, resolving network outages, or investigating database performance regressions. You would be helping us enhance every facet of our infrastructure, from the barebones machine monitoring to designing alert flows so that the right teams can be notified of issues.
Improve developer tooling: With experience at companies like Airbnb and Stripe, we understand the causal link between infrastructure and product velocity. Were investing in scaling our code base and adding developer tools to balance shipping code quickly with high code quality and site reliability.
Deploy and maintain high-leverage systems: We utilize systems like PostgreSQL as our primary data store, Redis for caching, Amazon SQS for queueing, Grafana for monitoring, and more. You will be responsible for the full portfolio of systems, including scoping and deploying new ones (e.g. Kubernetes or Docker) as well as maintaining, deprecating, andor refactoring usage patterns of the existing systems.
Design high throughput data ingestion pipelines: At our core, we are a data analysis company. Every day we sync millions of ticket and agent states data, and on top of that we compute derived metrics on this data. You would help us up level our existing metrics pipelines so we can support the ever growing throughput of data ingestion.
Wear many hats: In addition to writing and reviewing code, youll find yourself talking to users, planning the roadmap, brainstorming positioning, interviewing future teammates, and collaborating with the Business team on product releases and launches.

About You

5 years of experience building and maintaining infrastructure components and services at scale
Track record of delivering complex, cross-functional projects to improve process and reliability
Experience scaling relational databases (PostgreSQL preferred)
Experience with cloud infrastructure (AWS preferred)
Experience with the inner workings of Linux, containerized environments, and container orchestration technologies
Proficiency with Go (preferred) or some other backend language
Our U.S. benefits

Generous medical, dental, and vision benefits 
Paid company holidays, sick time, and unlimited time off
Monthly credits to spend on each: professional development, general wellness, Assembled customers, commuting and community-support agriculture (CSA)
Paid parental leave and family planning support 
Hybrid work model with catered lunches everyday (M-F), snacks, and beverages in our SF  NY offices
401(k) plan enrollment
