Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!

Role

Responsible for the development, execution, and documentation of the system verification on flight and flight-representative hardware at the system-level.
Develop electrical test plans and procedures based on concepts and designs to verify as-built flight hardware and spacecraft
Design and build electrical ground support equipment (EGSE) for testing.
Write automation software in Python to interact with units under test, test equipment, and instrumentation.
Develop modular and reusable automated test architectures.
Evaluate non-conformances to determine root cause, create actionable items, and system improvements.
Interface with engineers from many disciplines to optimize proposed designs for integration, testing, and manufacturability.
Specify and drive creation of representative hardware-in-the-loop test systems or system simulators to support software development and system verification and validation.
Create, maintain and communicate detailed schedules, ensuring the team is aware of tasks and deadlines, including resource identification and acquisition.
Assist in recruiting, interviewing, and hiring additional teammates to our rapidly-growing team.





Requirements

Bachelors degree in an engineering discipline.
2 years of professional experience in system-level design and testing of electrical hardware systems. 
Strong electrical systems engineering intuition and critical thinking.
Comfort with ambiguity and turning high-level requirements into clear designtest objectives.
Hands-on experience using electrical test equipment (multimeters, oscilloscopes, power supplies, etc.).
Ability to accurately estimate complexity and duration of testing.
Experience developing test plans and test procedures from requirements.
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail. Strong communication skills.
Understanding and experience in environmental testing such as vibration, shock, thermal, burn-in, and TVAC.
Strong sense of accountability, integrity, and team focus with extensive multitasking and organizational experience.
Dont meet them all? Not a problem. Please apply even if you do not meet all these criteria.





Bonus

Masters or PhD in an engineering discipline.
A successful candidate will have previous experience delivering a hardware system or sub-system through the engineering lifecycle.
Experience automating tests, test equipment, and measurement techniques.
Experience with designing and building electrical harnesses and connectors.
Creative, passionate problem solver that thrives in fast-paced, autonomously-driven, and demanding design and integration campaigns.




 

All our positions offer a compensation package that includes equity, robust benefits, and bonuses.What we offer: 
Base pay is a single component of Astraniss total rewards package, which may also include equity in the form of incentive stock options, performance bonuses, high quality company-subsidized healthcare, disability and life insurance benefits, flexible PTO, 401(K) retirement, and free on-site catered meals.
 
Astranis pay ranges are informed and defined through professional-grade salary surveys and compensation data sources. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials  certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, and the level and scope of the position.
Base Salary115,000—150,000 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
