Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!Full Stack Developer Intern - Web Scraping
Astranis is seeking a Full Stack Developer Intern proficient in web scraping and scripting. In this internship, you will work with our Chief of Staff to build a competitive intelligence tool using publicly available data. The role involves developing a robust scraping tool to collect web data and creating a user-friendly platform for data organization and analysis. The intern will be responsible for deploying the application on cloud platforms, developing tests, and adjusting the tool to account for feedback.
We are looking to hire this role immediately, for a three-month internship term.

Role

Develop a web scraping tool for efficient data collection.
Create a user-friendly platform for data organization and analysis.
Deploy the application on cloud platforms (AWS or on-premises).
Develop unit and integration tests to ensure functionality.
Generate an alerting system in the tool to flag notable activity by Astraniss competitors.

 Requirements

Proficiency in web scraping
Full stack development skills with a focus on user-friendly UI
Experience with cloud deployment (AWS or on-premises)
Strong ability to develop unit and integration tests
Problem-solving skills and collaborative mindset



Bonus

UIUX design experience
Proficiency in data analysis.

The base pay for this position is 29.00 per hour.Base Hourly Pay29—29 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
