Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!Role
As a solutions engineer you will be working on satellite network design for global commercial and government solutions. At its core, this involves optimizing high throughput satellite networks by understanding and trading dozens of parameters, including but not limited to 

Digital payload configuration
Orbital slot selection and frequency planning 
Gateway and remote earth station selection
Baseband selection to meet the clients specific use case

The role provides a balance of technical and business facing responsibilities. It is a high visibility and high impact role impacting both internal and external customers. Our responsibilities include:

Building Astraniss profile with the international business community
Modeling and analyzing satellite networks using in house network software
Interfacing with Commercial, US Government, and Executive teams
Communicating our satellite network designs externally
Aiding in regulatory (FCC, ITU, etc.) efforts regarding spectrum use and coordination
Aiding and influence the design of analysis software that enables us to excel in our role
Assisting in recruiting, interviewing, and hiring additional teammates to our rapidly-growing team

Mid-level to senior management roles are available, depending on the candidate.  
Requirements

5 years of experience 
Bachelor of Science degree in Aerospace Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or Physics (or equivalent background knowledge) 
Enjoy working in a fast paced environment and shaping process and procedures for long term growth
An excellent knowledge of enterprise LANWAN architecture and familiarity with IP networking protocolshardware
Proven track record in strategic technical sales environments balancing the customers wants with internal capabilities and goals
Scripting language experience in one of the following: Python (preferred), MATLAB, R, Julia, C, or similar. Comfortable using scripted tools to conduct analyses and trade studies.
Preference to be onsite in San Francisco 3 days a week
Willingness to travel (20)
Dont meet them all? Not a problem. Please apply even if you do not meet all these criteria.

Bonus 

Satellites communications industry experience with HTS systems in LEO, MEO, or GEO
Link budgeting  Link analysis experience
Experience with regulatory affairs for space based communications networks
Experience working Military Satellite communications systems 

 
All our positions offer a compensation package that includes equity, robust benefits, and bonuses.What we offer: 
Base pay is a single component of Astraniss total rewards package, which may also include equity in the form of incentive stock options, performance bonuses, high quality company-subsidized healthcare, disability and life insurance benefits, flexible PTO, 401(K) retirement, and free on-site catered meals.
 
Astranis pay ranges are informed and defined through professional-grade salary surveys and compensation data sources. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials  certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, and the level and scope of the position.
Base Salary140,000—175,000 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
