Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!A Test Specialist will be responsible for running and operating functional and performance tests on flight hardware and software. They will be testing PCBAs, subsystems, and full spacecraft over a wide range of environmental conditions such as vibration, thermal vacuum, and EMIEMC. They will directly run, process, and debug test failures on the floor and work with engineering to root cause solutions. They are also responsible for maintaining, troubleshooting, and calibrating test equipment and test fixtures in the lab.
Role

Execute automated tests and reporting scripts for functional and performance testing of spacecraft electronics
Plan and execute functional and performance test plans (both manual and automated test cases)
Develop standard operating procedures for test operations and related processes to train test operators across all environments
Provide first-level troubleshooting, assist root cause efforts, and implement corrective actions for test and support equipment failures
Maintain, troubleshoot, and calibrate test and support equipment
Provide Design for Manufacturing and Test feedback to optimize processes and test setups

Requirements

2 years of working experience in a testing environment or role 
Experience with scripting languages is required, preferably Python, Linux Shell, Bash, andor PowerShell
Hands-on experience using electrical test equipment (multimeters, oscilloscopes, or power supplies) and data acquisition systems
Experience developing and executing test plans and procedures from requirements
Willing and able to work all shifts, overtime, andor weekends as required

Bonus

Bachelors degree in a science or engineering discipline
Programming experience (Python, C, etc.)
Experience with designing and building electrical harnesses and connectors
Radio Frequency Test experience (network analyzers, signal generators)
Strong sense of accountability, integrity, and team focus with extensive multitasking and organizational experience


 

All our positions offer a compensation package that includes equity, robust benefits, and bonuses.What we offer: 
Base pay is a single component of Astraniss total rewards package, which may also include equity in the form of incentive stock options, performance bonuses, high quality company-subsidized healthcare, disability and life insurance benefits, flexible PTO, 401(K) retirement, and free on-site catered meals.
 
Astranis pay ranges are informed and defined through professional-grade salary surveys and compensation data sources. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials  certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, and the level and scope of the position.
Base Hourly Pay40—50 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
