Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!
Supplier Quality Engineer (Electronics)
As a Supplier Quality Engineer, you will be tasked with a unique challenge to drive to ZERO defects and scale Astranis production at suppliers as we build our satellite manufacturing business. The Supplier Quality team is responsible for supplier identification, qualification, ongoing development, and corrective action. The job involves technical communication with internal and external teams, traveling to suppliers in different regions, and on-the-spot critical decision making. This role is critical to expanding our manufacturing capability while ensuring extreme reliability to make Astranis a world-class satellite manufacturing company.


Role

Review Astranis PCBA and harness drawings and specifications, give feedback for design-for-manufacturing and inspectability, and approve on behalf of manufacturing
Generate quality clauses and statements of work for various products and commodities to ensure clear flowdown of requirements to vendors
Review vendor documentation such as certifications and end item data packages to approve shipment of completed product
Perform supplier audits and qualification activities to certify contract manufacturers for flight hardware production
Establish processes to ingest process data from suppliers, and analyze quality and delivery metrics to identify trends and drive improvement as needed
Spearhead root cause analysis and permanent countermeasures with the supplier by working with a cross-functional team of engineers and supply chain managers
Establish phase gates at suppliers for new product introduction and production, and manage the program to success by supporting supplier activities to ramp up to full rate production
Work with design engineers to capture requirements and ensure appropriate inspection processes are in place, at the supplier and at Astranis (incoming quality control)
Generate forecasts and work with suppliers to ensure capacity for upcoming programs, and drive makebuy trades and supplier selection to ensure a robust supply and high quality for your product lines



Requirements

Bachelors degree in EngineeringMaterial SciencePhysics or similar technical field
2-6 years experience in a manufacturing engineering, design engineering, quality engineering, or supply chain engineering role
Experience with process capability studies and setting up Statistical Process Control monitoring
Ability to work extended hours as needed to meet critical deadlines
Ability to travel up to 40 of the time

Preferred Skills

Experience in aerospace manufacturing, including SMC-S-016 standard and AS9100 quality management system
Experience with PCBA production (surface mount technology), harness assembly, andor EEE piece part procurement and screening
IPC-610 and -620 certification, and knowledge of RoHS and similar industry standards
Knowledge of statistical techniques and methods, e.g., design of experiments, GRR, process capability studies, statistical process control, etc.
Has experience in failure analysis and material analysis techniques  SEMEDX, TEM, XRF, XRD, CSAM, etc., curve tracing a plus
Knowledge of supplier quality processes (production part approval process, advanced product quality planning, first article inspection reports, etc.)
Understanding of typical NPI and production ramp process including phase gates and milestones


All our positions offer a compensation package that includes equity, robust benefits, and bonuses.What we offer: 
Base pay is a single component of Astraniss total rewards package, which may also include equity in the form of incentive stock options, performance bonuses, high quality company-subsidized healthcare, disability and life insurance benefits, flexible PTO, 401(K) retirement, and free on-site catered meals.
 
Astranis pay ranges are informed and defined through professional-grade salary surveys and compensation data sources. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials  certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, and the level and scope of the position.
Base Salary110,000—145,000 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
