Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!
Mechanical Intern
Internships at Astranis typically last for twelve weeks, and are hourly roles designed for students who are currently enrolled at a four-year university. 

As an Intern, you will have an amazing opportunity to work on hard problems — we pride ourselves on giving everyone at Astranis a chance to do meaningful work on complex projects, no matter their seniority. Many past interns have designed and tested hardwaresoftware that is heading to space on our first satellite, and many of them are now full-time employees at Astranis. 

If you have already graduated from a four-year university, please apply to be an Associate Engineer.
 


Role:

Work together with the engineering team to design, build, and test satellite hardware andor software.
Design, evaluate, procure, assemble, and test structure, bracketry, and mechanisms for Astranis spacecraft. Components include composite and metallic parts and assemblies with a variety of manufacturing techniques.
Perform mechanical and thermal analysis for spacecraft systems
Integrate parts and systems into the spacecraft by working together with the rest of the team, and document and develop procedures to improve the build process in the future



Requirements:

Currently pursuing a B.S. or M.S. in mechanical, aerospace, or equivalent technical degree (e.g. physics or applied math)
A passion and enthusiasm for hardware development, including working in a fast-paced environment and hands-on design and development
Demonstrated ability to personally design, build, and test hardware from scratch
US Citizenship or Green Card



Bonus:

Experience with CAD
Experience with analytical software such as stress or thermal analysis
Experience with electromechanical system design and specification
Experience with control system modeling and design

 
The base pay for this position is 29.00 per hour.Base Hourly Pay29—29 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
