Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!As a Senior Antenna Engineer you will be responsible for the design, qualification, and procurement of antenna system components for ongoing production as well as RD programs. You will optimize system-level antenna and RF performance and introduce improvements at the component and system level. Required hardware design efforts include feed array elements, polarization and frequency selective surfaces, reflector systems including sub reflectors, and diplexers and OMTs for geosynchronous communication satellites. This work regularly entails cross-disciplinary collaboration with structural, thermal, and communication engineers to achieve overall system requirements.You will also work with our business development team to propose and develop novel antenna solutions that satisfy customer requirements, and use those investigations as an opportunity to improve the performance of our antenna systems.
 
Role:

Leverage cutting-edge design tools to realize high-performance communications antenna systems with on-orbit flexibility to meet evolving customer demand.
Work with vendors to design and procure space-qualified antenna and RF components and validate their performance through clean-room and anechoic chamber testing.
Co-design antenna systems in conjunction with other technical disciplines including StructuralThermal and Software-Defined Radio to achieve overall system requirements.
Work with the sales team to propose novel antenna systems that satisfy customer needs.
Assist in recruiting, interviewing, and hiring additional teammates to our rapidly-growing team.


Requirements:

Ability to relocate to San Francisco to work onsite as we design, integrate and test mission critical hardware.
5 - 15 years of experience in relevant industry or academic roles.
Demonstrated ability to implement high performance antenna systems in research or industry settings.
Strong ability to collaborate with diverse engineering disciplines to collectively design and build performant RFantenna systems, including mechanical, thermal, systems and software engineering.
Strong antenna and microwave engineering fundamentals including theory of impedance matching, filters, combiners, amplifiers, etc.
Experience measuring components using vector network analyzers and antenna measurement ranges, either anechoic or near field scanners.
Demonstrated ability to solve engineering challenges in innovative and creative ways.
Capable of using industry-standard design tools such as CST, HFSS, or TICRA and scripting to solve engineering problems using Matlab or Python.



Bonus:

Experience with digital beamforming, active feed networks, or reconfigurable antennas.
Understanding of co-site interference and antenna siting optimization.
Experience with link budget and system calculations including EIRP, noise figure, and GT.
Experience designing waveguide components (OMT, MUX, diplexer, filters, polarizers, etc).
Experience with deployable reflectors.
Familiarity with aerospace antenna design and test principles.
Experience testing for EMIEMC performance and understanding of mitigation practices.
Experience integrating RF power amplifiers. Examples include traveling wave tube. amplifiers (TWTA), solid state power amplifiers (SSPA), and Low Noise Amplifiers (LNA).


All our positions offer a compensation package that includes equity, robust benefits, and bonuses.What we offer: 
Base pay is a single component of Astraniss total rewards package, which may also include equity in the form of incentive stock options, performance bonuses, high quality company-subsidized healthcare, disability and life insurance benefits, flexible PTO, 401(K) retirement, and free on-site catered meals.
 
Astranis pay ranges are informed and defined through professional-grade salary surveys and compensation data sources. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials  certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, and the level and scope of the position.
Base Salary150,000—200,000 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
