Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!As an Engineering Manager, you will be responsible for the delivery of our custom Software Defined Radios. As a team leader you will oversee cradle to grave hardware development: architecture definition, board design, testing, and qualification.
Ideal Candidate:

An individual who has built and overseen the entire design cycle of FPGA based software defined radios for GEO space telecommunications satellites
Proven record of delivering custom designed hardware that spans the entire range of signal chain design, integration of FPGAs with high speed data converters, custom power and clocking solutions, and supporting RTL development
Experience with design and analysis of payloads for satellite communications, including radiation effects within FPGA based systems or highly complex digital devices
History of leading small teams and mentoring employees, strong communication skills, and ability to make high impact decisions under uncertainty.

Role:

Lead and develop a team of electrical engineers to design industry shattering software defined radios capable of running complex signal processing algorithms in space!
Oversee and manage design workflows for highly complex PCBAs with integrated compute, high speed IO, data converters, and power distribution.  
Architect ultra high-speed mixed signal systems to achieve the most efficient and flexible communications payloads, integrating them with the rest of the spacecraft
Ensure competitiveness through continuous technical innovation and industry expertise

Requirements:

B.S. or higher in electrical or computer engineering, or similar technical degree
8 years of professional experience in mixed-signal and high-speed digital hardware design. Examples include FPGAs, high speed data converters, SerDes and high speed serial links, networking, JESD204C
8 years of PCB-level experience designing hardware from concept through production (schematic capture, layout, bring-up, characterization, etc)
Proven leadership through project management, mentorship, and people management experience
A passion for hardware development, including working in a fast-paced environment and hands-on design

Bonus:

Strong background in mixed signal system performance measurement, design validation, and debugging (EVM testing, spur analysis, multi-carrier measurements, etc)
Experience simulating high speed digital protocols using Ansys SIwave, Keysight ADS, or similar tools
Experience with Altium or similar EDA tools for high-density PCB design
Strong background in digital communications theory and measurement of radio nonidealities (HD, IMD, IQ imbalance, gain ripple, group delay distortion, etc)

All our positions offer a compensation package that includes equity, robust benefits, and bonuses.What we offer: 
Base pay is a single component of Astraniss total rewards package, which may also include equity in the form of incentive stock options, performance bonuses, high quality company-subsidized healthcare, disability and life insurance benefits, flexible PTO, 401(K) retirement, and free on-site catered meals.
 
Astranis pay ranges are informed and defined through professional-grade salary surveys and compensation data sources. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials  certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, and the level and scope of the position.
Base Salary150,000—200,000 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
