Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!
Environmental Test Associate Engineer
Associate Engineer positions typically last for twelve weeks, and are salaried roles designed for students who have already received a bachelors degree (or who will have done so before working at Astranis). 
 
As an Associate Engineer, you will have an amazing opportunity to work on hard problems — we pride ourselves on giving everyone at Astranis a chance to do meaningful work on challenging projects, and our Associate Engineers work on projects that are of equal importance and difficulty to the projects we give our full-time employees. Many past Associate Engineers have designed and tested hardwaresoftware that is heading to space on our first satellite, and many now work at Astranis full-time. 
 
If you are still a college student, please apply to join us as an Intern. 



Role:

Work on an interdisiciplinary team to design, build, and test satellite hardware and software.
Operate and setup environmental test equipment including thermal cycle and vacuum chambers, and vibration shaker tables
Learn to use various pieces of test equipment and instruments (thermal chambers, vibration tables, DAQs, oscilloscopes, etc.) to successfully execute test plans.
Set up, operate, and conduct environmental testing including vibration, acoustics, thermal, thermal vacuum, RF




Requirements:

Have a four-year degree in Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering (or equivalent technical degree)
A passion for hardware development, including working in a fast-paced environment and hands-on design and development
Ability to handle multiple tasks and prioritize
Strong communication skills
Familiarity with spacecraft systems and operation
Must be onsite 5 days a week



Bonus:

Hands-on experience in designing, building, and testing 
Experience writing Python code to: Interface with test equipment, process large datasets, visualize data
Experience in CAD
Direct electrical or mechanical design experience
Demonstrated ability to debug hardware and software problems under time pressure

 
The base salary for this position is 1750 per week.Base Salary1,750—1,750 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
