Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!

Associate Engineer positions typically last for twelve weeks, and are salaried roles designed for students who have already received a bachelors degree (or who will have done so before working at Astranis). 
 

As an Associate Engineer, you will have an amazing opportunity to work on hard problems — we pride ourselves on giving everyone at Astranis a chance to do meaningful work on complex projects, and our Associate Engineers work on projects that are of equal importance and difficulty to the projects we give our full-time employees. Many past Associate Engineers have designed and tested hardwaresoftware that is heading to space on our first satellite, and many now work at Astranis full-time. 

 
If you are still a college student, please apply to join us as an Intern.



Role:

Work together with the engineering team to design, analyze, build, and test satellite hardware andor software.
Support design trades that successfully balance performance margins, resource use, risk, cost, and schedule.
Perform thermal analysis to varying degrees of fidelity (simplified to detailed) on a variety of different types of hardware such as propulsion components, batteries, high powered electronics, RF components, mechanisms, and printed circuit boards (PCBs).
Design, evaluate, procure and test thermal solutions such as heaters, heat pipes, thermal interface materials, and surface coatings.
Develop processes and procedures for integration and assembly which ensure thermal design intent is met. Collaborate with the integration and test team in the installation of thermal hardware as needed.
Plan and run thermal vacuum testing and verification at the component and spacecraft level.





Requirements:

Have a four-year degree in mechanical, aerospace, or equivalent technical degree (e.g. physics or applied math)
A passion and enthusiasm for hardware development, including working in a fast-paced environment and hands-on design and development
Demonstrated ability to personally design, build, and test hardware from scratch.
US Citizenship or Green Card
40 hours per week minimum
Must be onsite in San Francisco 3 days a week minimum
Dont meet them all? Not a problem. Please apply even if you do not meet all these criteria.
 





Bonus:

Experience with CAD
Experience with analytical software thermal analysis such as ANSYS and Thermal Desktop
Experience with electronics systems design and packaging
Experience (projects or previous internships) related to aerospace



 
The base salary for this position is 1750 per week.Base Salary1,750—1,750 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
