Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!The Propulsion team is looking for an innovative, detail-oriented, propulsion engineer with a passion for system design  analysis.  As our Propulsion Engineer, you will play a vital role in concept to production development of our next-generation propulsion systems.   Role

Design and analyze propulsion systems and propulsion system components with a focus on performance and manufacturability
Work on cross discipline projects to improve propulsion systems and system interfaces
Support propulsion system production in a cleanroom environment
Support spacecraft production and test processes through launch including troubleshooting issues with spacecraft propulsion system
Assist in recruiting, interviewing, and hiring additional teammates to our rapidly-growing team

Requirements

Bachelors Degree or higher in a technical discipline (e.g. engineering, physics) or equivalent experience
1-5 years of professional industry experience in propulsion design andor manufacturing related role
Hands-on experience working with fluid systems
Working knowledge of electric and chemical propulsion systems
Exceptional time management skills, verbal  written communication skills, and organizational skills
An interest in working in a fast-paced environment and doing hands-on designdevelopment

Bonus

Previous working experience with spacecraft or rocket propulsion systems
Experience with welding and weld inspection experience or certifications, precision cleaning and x-ray inspection
Experience writing Python for scientific calculation and data processing

All our positions offer a compensation package that includes equity, robust benefits, and bonuses.What we offer: 
Base pay is a single component of Astraniss total rewards package, which may also include equity in the form of incentive stock options, performance bonuses, high quality company-subsidized healthcare, disability and life insurance benefits, flexible PTO, 401(K) retirement, and free on-site catered meals.
 
Astranis pay ranges are informed and defined through professional-grade salary surveys and compensation data sources. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials  certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, and the level and scope of the position.
Base Salary110,000—145,000 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
