Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!
Electrical Test Engineer
As an electrical test engineer at Astranis, you will be responsible for developing, designing, and implementing tests and test systems (ground support equipment) for all the custom electronics on our spacecraft. Youll prove that our suite of power, analog, digital, and RF designs work across environments to guarantee success on orbit.



Role

Develop and design automated hardware and software solutions to testvalidate electronics hardware
Design PCBAs to interface with flight hardware
Write software in Python to control bench equipment, devices under test, and other test hardware
Work closely with the design team to provide feedback and insight through qualification and acceptance process
Assist in recruiting, interviewing, and hiring additional teammates to our rapidly-growing team.





Requirements

B.S. or M.S. in electrical or computer engineering, or equivalent technical degree
A passion for hardware development, including working in a fast-paced environment and hands-on design and development
Comfort with ambiguity and turning high-level requirements into clear designtest objectives
Hands-on experience using electrical test equipment (multimeters, oscilloscopes, power supplies, etc.)
Experience with debugging circuits with embedded software, from oscilloscope to scripting
Dont meet them all? Not a problem. Please apply even if you do not meet all these criteria.





Bonus

Understanding and experience in environmental testing such as vibration, shock, thermal, burn-in, and TVAC
Experience using Altium Designer
Experience using Python
Experience with designing and building electrical harnesses and connectors
Experience automating tests, test equipment, or similar instrumentation



All our positions offer a compensation package that includes equity, robust benefits, and bonuses.What we offer: 
Base pay is a single component of Astraniss total rewards package, which may also include equity in the form of incentive stock options, performance bonuses, high quality company-subsidized healthcare, disability and life insurance benefits, flexible PTO, 401(K) retirement, and free on-site catered meals.
 
Astranis pay ranges are informed and defined through professional-grade salary surveys and compensation data sources. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials  certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, and the level and scope of the position.
Base Salary115,000—150,000 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
