Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!Propulsion Integration Engineer
Astranis is looking for an innovative, detail-oriented, Propulsion Integration Engineer with a passion for precision manufacturing. As our Propulsion Integration Engineer you will define the processes used to qualify our propulsion systems for flight keeping in mind important factors like efficiency, repeatability, and quality control. You will contribute to the testing, analysis, and integration of multiple geostationary satellites. You will also be responsible for interfacing with the Assembly Integration  Test team.
Role

Design of jigs and fixtures used to fabricate a satellite propulsion system
Document work instructions for technicians
Develop and refine manufacturing processes
Build, design, and automate testing 
Work in a clean room with flight hardware
Designprocure and operate high pressure gas systems
Manage inventory
Assure process repeatability
Maintain cleanliness throughout the manufacturing process
Work closely with the Assembly Integration  Test team and Mechanical team
Assist in recruiting, interviewing, and hiring additional teammates to our rapidly-growing team.

Requirements

Bachelor of Science degree in a technical discipline (e.g. engineering, physics) or equivalent experience
1-5 years of industry experience in a design and manufacture related role
Hands-on experience working with liquid and gas systems
An interest in test and manufacture hardware development, including working in a fast-paced environment and doing hands-on designdevelopment
Demonstrated ability to personally design, build, and test hardware
Experience working in a cleanroom
US Citizenship or Green Card

Bonus

Familiarity with welding and weld inspection certifications
Experience with precision cleaning and x-ray inspection
Experience with in-space propulsion system design and manufacture
Experience with automotive or medical hardware design and manufacture
Familiarity with AWS D17.1, ASME Y14.5, and AFSPCMAN 91-710
Familiarity with propellant material compatibility

 
All our positions offer a compensation package that includes equity, robust benefits, and bonuses.What we offer: 
Base pay is a single component of Astraniss total rewards package, which may also include equity in the form of incentive stock options, performance bonuses, high quality company-subsidized healthcare, disability and life insurance benefits, flexible PTO, 401(K) retirement, and free on-site catered meals.
 
Astranis pay ranges are informed and defined through professional-grade salary surveys and compensation data sources. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials  certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, and the level and scope of the position.
Base Salary115,000—145,000 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
