Astranis is on a mission to bridge the digital divide by connecting the four billion people worldwide who currently lack internet access. Were doing this by building the next generation of smaller, more cost-effective spacecraft to bring the world online. 
As a team, weve launched two satellites into orbit,  signed ten commercial deals worth over 1 billion in revenue, raised over 500 million from top global investors, and recruited a team of over 300 world-class engineers. We all work out of our (legendary) San Francisco office, which was once used to build ships during the World Wars.
Our satellites, which operate from geostationary orbit (GEO), weigh only 400 kg and utilize a proprietary software-defined radio payload. Each satellite can connect over two million people, and were very excited for the impact well soon have in the Philippines, Peru, Mexico, and more! 
Backed by substantial funding and a passionate, collaborative team, we offer a rewarding work environment where youll learn and make a significant impact, no matter where you are in your career. 
Apply and join us on our journey towards global connectivity!

Senior Harness Design Engineer
The Harness Engineer is responsible for designing wire harnesses for both flight spacecraft and developmental use. This includes working with mechanical and electrical design engineering teams to execute a rigorous design process, and working with contract manufacturers and an internal production team to build harnesses to the highest possible quality standard. Finally, youll support integration planning and operations including on-vehicle routing, installation, and connections.
 
The ideal candidate has a breadth of experience across both electrical and mechanical design of aerospace harnesses, deep technical understanding of relevant materials and components, and high attention to detail. If high levels of ownership, designing and building harnesses that will go to space, and helping to change the world sounds like a fun challenge - this might be the role for you.



Role

Define and document electrical interconnects through coordination with system, subsystem, and unit design engineers.
Design harness schematics and harness drawings for flight and test applications based on product requirements, including proper configuration management through a design release process.
Prepare and release manufacturing assembly drawings and bills of materials (BOMs).
Establish harnesscable routing on spacecraft and assist with integration planning.
Provide support to harness production and integration teams to ensure quality and reliability.
Evaluate non-conformances to determine root cause, create actionable items, and system improvements.
Create, maintain and communicate detailed schedules and status updates.





Requirements

Bachelors degree in mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, physics, or equivalent technical degree
7 years of professional experience in system-level harness design
Experience with 3D CAD software (Solidworks, NX, or similar)
Experience creating engineering drawings and bills of material (BOMs) for manufacturing
Strong communication skills, written and verbal





Bonus

Experience with Zuken design software
Hands-on experience building electrical harnesses with both solder- and crimp-style connectors for aerospace applications
Has worked with contract manufacturers to outsource harness builds
Hands-on experience using electrical test equipment (multimeters, oscilloscopes, power supplies, etc)

 



All our positions offer a compensation package that includes equity, robust benefits, and bonuses.What we offer: 
Base pay is a single component of Astraniss total rewards package, which may also include equity in the form of incentive stock options, performance bonuses, high quality company-subsidized healthcare, disability and life insurance benefits, flexible PTO, 401(K) retirement, and free on-site catered meals.
 
Astranis pay ranges are informed and defined through professional-grade salary surveys and compensation data sources. The actual base salary offered to a successful candidate will additionally be influenced by a variety of factors including experience, credentials  certifications, educational attainment, skill level requirements, and the level and scope of the position.
Base Salary160,000—185,000 USDU.S. Citizenship, Lawful Permanent Residency, or RefugeeAsylee Status Required
(To comply with U.S. Government space technology export regulations, applicant must be a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident of the United States, or other protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3))
 
Our mission and our products are meant to connect the world and everyone in it, regardless of gender, race, creed, or any other distinction. We believe in a diverse and inclusive workplace, and we encourage all people to join our team and bring their unique perspective to help make us stronger.

 
All employees of Astranis are required to be vaccinated by the start of their employment. Mandatory vaccinations support our commitment to making our workplace and public facilities as safe and welcoming as possible. Reasonable accommodations will be made for individuals who are not able to get the vaccine due to qualifying medical or religious reasons.
