Were currently hiring for remote team members in the following states:  DC, DE, GA, MA, MD, NJ, NY, OH, PA, SC, UT, and VA. BI-Remote
 
We are looking for an exceptional communicator who loves building and nurturing relationships that enhance the lives of each creator and small business owner that make up our community of amazing AWeber customers. By helping people understand how AWebers features can meet each of their unique needs, you will positively impact the lives of both seasoned marketers, and those folks just beginning their marketing journey. 
As our Customer Solutions Specialist, youll be responsible for working Sunday through Thursday on the Third Shift (10PM-7AM ET).
You will offer support over multiple channels, including livechat, email, phone, and social media platforms. Through troubleshooting,  providing product education, and relaying marketing best practices youll be partnering with our customers so that they can successfully grow their businesses.  Additionally, youll find yourself working on special projects and collaborating with fellow team members across the company with the ultimate goal of improving the customer experience. 
To thrive as a CS specialist you will take initiative and partner with our customers by proactively educating on best practices, bubbling up suggestions for new product features, and advocating for process enhancements in the CS department. Any knowledge of marketing technologies such as social media, landing pages, or email platforms will really make you stand out! You are also a leader who inspires others by your passion and investment in our customers success.  
Our customers are the foundation and lifeblood of our business. They are the reason we get up each day - to create awesome products and provide stellar customer service. 
If you are interested in:

Being part of an award winning team, 
Positively impacting others, 
Helping small businesses grow, and
Making the world a better place

then apply now to experience our culture and benefits which make us a Best in Class employer. 
 
AWeber Benefits:

100 Remote - were not going back to the office and heres why.
Strong culture that supports flexibility, entrepreneurialism, and collaboration. Think we should be doing something different? Share your feedback! Were looking for you to add your AWesomeness to our culture.
We have some other pretty cool benefits to make your life easier:

100 Company Paid PPO medical, dental, vision insurance (spousal and domestic partner benefits available).
4-7 weeks of paid time off and holidays (based on tenure).
4 week paid sabbatical (based on tenure).
401K retirement plan with 4 company match.
Company Profit Share.
Home office equipment and internet stipend.
Tuition reimbursement, conferences, and learning opportunities.
Gym Memberships Reimbursement. 
Company Paid Short Term Disability Insurance.
Company Paid Life Insurance.
Additional Supplemental Benefits (Long Term Disability, Critical Illness, and Additional Life Insurance).


 
About AWeber:
At AWeber we create marketing communication software that empowers small businesses around the world to form strong connections with their customers and grow their businesses. Who are our customers you might ask? They are creators, bloggers, entrepreneurs - people just like you that are passionate about an idea or product they want to share with the world. At AWeber, YOU make an impact on these small businesses each and every day!
As a team, we work remotely across the US, and although were in separate locations, nothing can keep us apart! We collaborate everyday using a variety of tools such as slack, google meet, and confluence JIRA to ensure were making decisions with our customers best interests in mind - something thats not possible when you work in a silo. At AWeber, YOUR voice and YOUR opinion matters, regardless of your role. We expect all AWeber team members will ask tough questions, provide receive feedback regularly, and explore their passions on a daily basis. Sound exciting? Take the next step and apply.