BI-Remote
 
Were currently hiring for remote team members in the following states:  DC, DE, GA, MA, MD, NJ, NY, OH, PA, SC, UT, and VA.

 
Were AWeber - a remote-first company that helps small businesses around the world form meaningful connections with their customers and grow their businesses using our marketing communication software. We are fanatical about small businesses and we hope you are too!
As a Backend Software Engineer, you will design, develop, maintain, and operate applications that power key capabilities of AWeber products. Your mission will be to build efficient and reliable systems that power delightful experiences for our customers.
Every day you will work alongside a team of skilled engineers, writing APIs and event-driven, distributed microservices in Python with frameworks like Tornado and Rejected. You will leverage internal tools to deploy applications onto a modern, hybrid platform using Docker and Kubernetes. Your code will capture metrics with tools like statsd, Graphite, and Grafana that you will use to monitor the health of services. You will join a 24x7 on-call rotation to make sure our product is available for customers around the clock.
To thrive as a Backend Software Engineer, you take pride in producing secure, well-tested and maintainable code that balances the many competing priorities of a modern web platform while delivering for the customer. You feel energized when youve worked with a team to deploy a new feature or solve a tough problem. Learning quickly is one of your super-powers, and you enjoy technologies and problems that are new to you, eager to share what youve learned. You assume intense ownership over your areas of responsibility, always advocating for improvement and pushing to keep systems updated to current standards.
About AWeber:
At AWeber we create marketing communication software that empowers small businesses around the world to form strong connections with their customers and grow their businesses. Who are our customers you might ask? They are creators, bloggers, entrepreneurs - people just like you that are passionate about an idea or product they want to share with the world. At AWeber, YOU make an impact on these small businesses each and every day!
As a team, we work remotely across the US, and although were in separate locations, nothing can keep us apart! We collaborate everyday using a variety of tools such as slack, google meet, and confluence JIRA to ensure were making decisions with our customers best interests in mind - something thats not possible when you work in a siloe. At AWeber, YOUR voice and YOUR opinion matters, regardless of your role. We expect all AWeber team members will ask tough questions, provide receive feedback regularly, and explore their passions on a daily basis. Sound exciting? Take the next step and apply.
 
AWeber Benefits:

100 Remote - were not going back to the office and heres why.
Strong culture that supports flexibility, entrepreneurialism, and collaboration. Think we should be doing something different? Share your feedback! Were looking for you to add your AWesomeness to our culture.
We have some other pretty cool benefits to make your life easier:

100 Company Paid PPO medical, dental, vision insurance (spousal and domestic partner benefits available).
4-7 weeks of paid time off and holidays (based on tenure).
4 week paid sabbatical (based on tenure).
401K retirement plan with 4 company match.
Company Profit Share.
Home office equipment and internet stipend.
Tuition reimbursement, conferences, and learning opportunities.
Gym Memberships Reimbursement. 
Company Paid Short Term Disability Insurance.
Company Paid Life Insurance.
Additional Supplemental Benefits (Long Term Disability, Critical Illness, and Additional Life Insurance).


