Were currently hiring for remote team members in the following states:  DC, DE, GA, MA, MD, NH, NJ, NY, OH, PA, SC, UT, and VA. BI-Remote
As AWebers Chief Marketing  Growth Officer, you will lead AWebers marketing strategy and execution, with a hands on approach, focused on growing and retaining our loyal customer base. You think outside the box to raise awareness of AWeber products, develop and refine our lead generation and conversion efforts, as well as identify and prioritize our marketing and public relations opportunities. Youll be responsible for evaluating and growing your team as necessary to meet our marketing objectives.
 Job Responsibilities:

Oversee and drive AWebers overall marketing vision and strategy.
Collaborate with team members to develop and advance their career paths within the company.
Develop measurement strategy, forecasting, benchmarks, and dashboards to support and monitor marketing activities.
Spread a consistent, unified message across target audiences, both external and internal.
Prioritize marketing activities and allocate resources (above all, time) accordingly.
Lead any necessary market research required to develop or refine marketing strategy.
Identify, close, and nurture strategic partnerships to facilitate pro account growth.
Develop and refine marketing funnels.
Collaborate with Product, Engineering, and Customer Solutions on product and product marketing strategies.
Represent AWeber as needed to media and other groups
Assumes additional responsibilities as needed.

Requirements:

7 years of well-rounded marketing or business development experience in positions of increasing responsibility with a focus on marketing expansion.
5 years of management experience in a Senior Management role leading and developing a team, specifically where you were responsible for dramatically increasing revenue.
Experience developing and successfully executing on a strategy to increase customer acquisition for a Software-as-a-Service product.
Experience in overseeing or working closely with Content, Social Media, Sales Process and Public Relations.

 
About AWeber:
At AWeber we create marketing communication software that empowers small businesses around the world to form strong connections with their customers and grow their businesses. Who are our customers you might ask? They are creators, bloggers, entrepreneurs - people just like you that are passionate about an idea or product they want to share with the world. At AWeber, YOU make an impact on these small businesses each and every day!
As a team, we work remotely across the US, and although were in separate locations, nothing can keep us apart! We collaborate everyday using a variety of tools such as slack, google meet, and confluence JIRA to ensure were making decisions with our customers best interests in mind - something thats not possible when you work in a silo. At AWeber, YOUR voice and YOUR opinion matters, regardless of your role. We expect all AWeber team members will ask tough questions, provide receive feedback regularly, and explore their passions on a daily basis. Sound exciting? Take the next step and apply.
 
AWeber Benefits:

100 Remote - were not going back to the office and heres why.
Strong culture that supports flexibility, entrepreneurialism, and collaboration. Think we should be doing something different? Share your feedback! Were looking for you to add your AWesomeness to our culture.
We have some other pretty cool benefits to make your life easier:

100 Company Paid PPO medical, dental, vision insurance (spousal and domestic partner benefits available).
4-7 weeks of paid time off and holidays (based on tenure).
4 week paid sabbatical (based on tenure).
401K retirement plan with 4 company match.
Company Profit Share.
Home office equipment and internet stipend.
Tuition reimbursement, conferences, and learning opportunities.
Gym Memberships Reimbursement. 
Company Paid Short Term Disability Insurance.
Company Paid Life Insurance.
Additional Supplemental Benefits (Long Term Disability, Critical Illness, and Additional Life Insurance).

