
The role:
We are a startup that is hiring for copywriting experts to support our growing team!
Copywriters at B12 are a main contributor to the success of the company! At B12, our copywriters use our website editor to put together the SEO-oriented website copy for our customers after drafts have already been made by our AI. After customer websites launch, you will also be responsible for writing monthly SEO-oriented blog posts. Youll work closely with our customer success team and our design experts to help establish and grow our customers web presences. If you enjoy freelancing, designing websites, and working in an open and creative environment, then the copywriter role with B12 is the right fit for you!
As a copywriting expert you will:

Read and interpret customer briefs. Our current customers are small and medium-sized businesses ranging from cafs to real estate investment firms.
Given a new customers content and preferences, as well as a website that has been automatically generated for the customer, use the B12 Editor (a largely WYSIWYG website editor) to put together an information architecture, content strategy, and aboutproductsservices copy in 1-4 hours.
Write monthly blog posts for customers based on an established content calendar that targets particular SEO keywords.
Perform keyword research and deliver on-page SEO modifications for each customer.
As a fast-growing platform, there will be adjacent opportunities as reviewers and mentors for the right candidates who wish to grow with us.

In our experience with past customers, copywriters spend single-digit numbers hours on each project, with iterative feedback from our team. You might intersperse multiple customers project delivery while waiting on feedback from the customer and other team members.
In addition to doing customer delivery work, you will be helping us co-design our delivery process, B12 Editor, and a workflow management tool called Orchestra. We have open sourced Orchestra, and are building it to empower creative and analytical experts in their work.
Youll be a good fit if:

You have experience writing content for professional services, like Lawyers, Dentists, Doctors, etc.
You are able to work well with an ET-based team.
You have excellent written English skills.
You have 3-5 years of copywriting experience and are excited to do customer-focused website delivery.
You have a portfolio of SEO-oriented website and blogging copywriting projects you can point to.
You have experience implementing on-page SEO optimization.
You are familiar with SEO-driven keyword research. 
You are available 20 hours a week.
You are comfortable turning unstructured customer content and requests into SEO-oriented messaging thats distinctive and represents a customers business and goals.
You are excited to receive feedback from a customer success manager or designer, and are equally excited to push back on decisions you disagree with.
You have some web-based content management system experience.
You are happy to work on a customer deliverable for a few hours at a time, and then move on to a different customers deliverable.
You are excited to learn our delivery process and tools.
You care about and want to contribute to our mission of helping people do meaningful work.

Dont fear

We dont have a minimum number of years of experience for this role. We highly favor talent and interest.
Some candidates may see this list and feel discouraged because they dont match all the items. Please apply anyway: theres a good chance youre more wonderful than you think you are.
B12 is a safe place for human beings. We particularly encourage you to apply if you identify as a woman, are a person of color or other underrepresented minority, or are a member of the LGBTQIA community.

How to apply
Please provide:

A pointer to your CV, resume, LinkedIn profile, or any other summary of your career so far.
Some informal text introducing yourself and what you are excited about.

