
The role:
Being a web designer at B12 is being a main contributor to the success of the company! At B12, our web designers use our design suite to put together initial websites for our customers after drafts have already been made by our AI. Youll work closely with our customer success team and our other design experts to focus on what you love most--design! If you enjoy freelancing, designing websites, and working in an open and creative environment, then the web designer role with B12 is the right fit for you!
As a web designer you will:

Read and interpret customer briefs. Our current customers are small and medium-sized businesses ranging from cafs to real estate investment firms.
Given a new customers content and preferences, as well as a website that has been automatically generated for the customer, use our Design Suite (a largely WYSIWYG website editor with support for custom HTML5CSS overrides) to put an initial website together for the customer in 4 hours.
Complete enhancement requests for existing customer websites, ranging from small changes to more complex customizations or design improvements.
As a fast-growing platform, there will be adjacent opportunities as reviewers and mentors for the right candidates who wish to grow with us.

In our experience with past customers, designers spend single-digit numbers hours on each project, with iterative feedback from our team. You might intersperse multiple customers project delivery while waiting on design feedback from the customer and our design lead.In addition to doing customer delivery work, you will be helping us co-design our Design Suite, as well as a workflow management tool called Orchestra. We have open sourced Orchestra, and are building it to empower creative and analytical experts in their work.


Youll be a good fit if:

You are remote or a local NYC web designer.
You have excellent written English skills.
You have 3-5 years of web design experience and are excited to do customer-focused website delivery.
You have 1-2 years of HTMLCSS experience.
You are available minimum 10 hours a week, maximum 20 hours a week.
You are comfortable turning unstructured customer content and requests into into pixel-perfect web designs that work on all devices.
You are excited to receive feedback from a customer success manager or an art director, and are equally excited to push back on design decisions you disagree with.
You have desktop and mobile web design experience.
You are happy to work on a customer deliverable for a few hours at a time, and then move on to a different customers deliverable.
You are excited to learn our Design Suite.
You care about and want to contribute to our mission of helping people do meaningful work.

Dont fear:

Were flexible on the number of years of previous experience for this role. We highly favor talent and interest.
Some candidates may see this list and feel discouraged because they dont match all the items. Please apply anyway: theres a good chance youre more wonderful than you think you are.
B12 is a safe place for human beings. We particularly encourage you to apply if you identify as a woman, are a person of color or other underrepresented minority, or are a member of the LGBTQIA community.



Benefits:

Get paid for your expertise, we value the skills you bring as a designer.
Grow within our community - join other designers in our network (we actively use Slack) and get feedback to help you grow.
Shape the future of work - we highly value your input and working together we hope to design tools to change the way we work.

About B12
The workplace is undergoing rapid transformation, and B12 is on a mission to help people accomplish more at work. Orchestra, the engine behind B12s Human-assisted A.I. model, is currently used to help teams of expert designers build and manage beautiful and professional websites. Leveraging A.I. to streamline complex workflows, B12 delivers superior outcomes for both creative experts and customers who receive a high-touch experience and a self-optimizing website in days, not weeks. Using intelligent software to automate repetitive tasks, B12 allows people to leverage their expertise where it matters most, paving the way to greater craftsmanship, superhuman productivity, and a brighter future of work. Backed by one of the best human-machine teams in the world, B12 recently closed its 12.4M Series A round led by General Catalyst Partners, Breyer Capital, Founder Collective, SV Angel, and more.
