We are an early-stage startup that is hiring an enthusiastic Customer Support Associate to support our growing Customer Success team. We are looking to bring on individuals who want to make sure our clients and experts have an amazing experience working with us! To do this, you will utilize your interpersonal and relationship-building skills to help resolve customer requests in a timely manner. If you are a strong communicator who can dynamically interact with customers over the phone, showing empathy, encouragement, and care, then this could be the right role for you!As a Customer Support Associate you will: Manage email, phone, and chat communication with customers as a primary contact for customers who have questions, concerns, or want additional features for their website. Support long-term customers with the management of their web presence, helping them when they have questions about the direction of their website. Learn the tools of our web design suite and assist customers with small design tasks. Contribute to Knowledge BaseFAQ and other customer-facing support resources.Youd be a good fit if: You have 2 years of experience supporting American clients or customers in an external-facing role. You are a quick and clear writer (you must be highly proficient in English) and an amazing communicator. You have experience in the world of web design helping launch and manage websites. You have empathy for small business users and can quickly grasp the issues theyre facing. You feel comfortable managing your time and deciding amongst competing priorities. You are patient, thoughtful, encouraging, and calm. You have some familiarity with managing third-party integrations on websites. You enjoy learning and teaching. You care about and want to contribute to our mission of helping people do meaningful work. You are willing to work full-time, 8 hrsday (9am - 5pm US Eastern Standard Time, New York)Dont fear We dont have a minimum number of years of experience for this role. We highly favor talent and interest. Some candidates may see this list and feel discouraged because they dont match all the items. Please apply anyway: theres a good chance youre more wonderful than you think you are. B12 is a safe place for human beings. We particularly encourage you to apply if you identify as a woman, are a person of color or other underrepresented minority, or are a member of the LGBTQIA community.How to apply
Please provide: A pointer to your CV, resume, LinkedIn profile, or any other summary of your career so far. Some informal text introducing yourself and what you are excited about.