The role:
We are an early-stage startup that is in growth mode and we are looking for an energetic Sales Development Representative to help drive that growth! The Sales Development Representative will be responsible for qualifying marketing-generated leads and scheduling design consultations for our sales team!
As a Sales Development Representative you will:

Engage with prospective customers that have shown interest in B12 to understand their web design goals, uncover their pain points, and secure their interest in a design consultation with one of our design consultants.
Leverage various channels (phone, email, text, social, chat) to connect with business owners via their preferred method of communication.
Consistently exceed monthly opportunity and revenue targets.

Youd be a good fit if:

You are a rising star who has ambitious plans for their career and the determination to see them through.
You are a lifelong student with an unquenchable thirst for knowledge.
You have a proven track record of executional excellence.
You have 0-4 years of sales experience.
You have a BABS in communications, marketing, business, or a related field

Dont fear:

Were flexible on the number of years of previous experience for this role. We highly favor talent and interest.
Some candidates may see this list and feel discouraged because they dont match all the items. Please apply anyway: theres a good chance youre more wonderful than you think you are.
B12 is a safe place for human beings. We particularly encourage you to apply if you identify as a woman, are a person of color or other underrepresented minority, or are a member of the LGBTQ community

How to apply:

Please provide a pointer to your CV, resume, LinkedIn profile, or any other summary of your career so far.
Include some informal text introducing yourself and what you are excited about.

 
About B12:
B12 is a web-based platform for professional service providers that helps them attract, win, and serve clients online. Within 30 days, B12 sets customers up with a website backed by powerful tools to help busy owners manage all aspects of winning and working with clients  including appointment scheduling, client intake, contact management, contracts and eSignatures, and online payments. B12 has worked with more than 150,000 businesses and is powered by technology built by the teams MIT-, and Berkeley-trained researchers. The companys open-source automation system called Orchestra pairs experts and AI to make tasks 15x more efficient than other platforms. B12 was founded in 2015 and has raised 28.1M from VCs and investors, including Breyer Capital, General Catalyst, SV Angel, and Tola Capital. Visit www.b12.io  to learn more.
 