The role
We are a fast-growing startup thats hiring a freelance SEO editorwriter to help us publish a large-volume of blog content for a professional services audience (e.g., accountants, mortgage brokers, insurance agents). You will refine previously created copy drafts to ensure theyre useful, accurate, and follow SEO best practices.
The culture
At B12, youre part of an important mission to help small business owners succeed using a combination of human expertise and cutting-edge technology. This role is remote with some flexibility in determining your schedule.
As a SEO content editorwriter, you will:

Edit tens of blog articles weekly to ensure quality, consistency, and relevancy to a professional services audience
Publish articles in our content management system following best practices for online content formatting
Ensure content follows basic SEO best practices (H1, H2, H3, meta descriptions, and keyword implementation)

Youd be a good fit if:

Youre confident in your ability to edit quickly without sacrificing quality — delivering error-free copy every time
You have experience updating drafted blog posts
Youve used Grammarly, plagiarism detectors, Surfer SEO, and Netlify CMS
You have a degree in English, Communications, Journalism, or a related degree, OR equivalent work experience
You have work samples of pieces youve edited to optimize for search engines and readers
Youre fluent in English 

Dont fear

We dont have a minimum number of years of experience for this role. We highly favor talent and interest.
Some candidates may see this list and feel discouraged because they dont match all the items. Please apply anyway: theres a good chance youre more wonderful than you think you are.
B12 is a safe place for human beings. We particularly encourage you to apply if you identify as a woman, are a person of color or other underrepresented minority, or are a member of the LGBTQIA community.

How to apply
Please provide:

A pointer to your CV, rsum, LinkedIn profile, or any other summary of your career so far.
Some informal text introducing yourself and what you are excited about.

 