Position Overview:
Beam is looking for a highly energetic, motivated, and dynamic Co-op to join the CMC (Chemistry Manufacturing and Controls)  External Manufacturing team from January through June 2024.  The ideal candidate should be hungry to learn how to apply their technical background, organizational skills, and thirst for knowledge to working with a fast-paced team to improve Beams strategy for moving programs from Development to Clinical Trials. If youre curious to understand what it takes to get a product ready for clinical trials, this position is for you! The CMC Co-op will work with the team to improve our ways of working through reviewing historical CMC timelines, identifying key deliverables to drive programs, and developing  improving tools to improve efficiencies and optimize how the teams manage technical projects.
Responsibilities:

Review historical Beam CMC program timelines, deliverables, and inflection points to identify key themes and bottlenecks.
Develop metrics to track programs and illustrate opportunities for acceleration.
Work with mentor and Senior Project managers, CMC leads, and cross functional SMEs to develop list of constraints, areas of opportunity, and ideas for standardizing  accelerating timelines.
Develop and refine a standard CMC roadmap and associated timeline that can be applied to multiple programs.
Work with team to develop and implement tools for tracking progress, communication, and technical information management  .

Qualifications:

Pursuing a technical degree in Science or Engineering with an interest in project management.
Have aptitude for discovering and using new tools for organization, tracking, and trending project statuses and helping teams to be more efficient.
Be willing to learn and understand how cross functional teams work in a fast-paced environment.
Be able to work with a mentor to develop a work plan that can be executed to (semi) independently.
Be a great communicator, have good time management, be organized, have an ability work in a fast pacedmatrixed environment, and be detail oriented.
Have experience with SharePoint, SmartSheets, Microsoft Project, Word, Excel.
