Beam is looking for a highly talented, motivated  detail-oriented Research Fellow whos passionate about disease biology and mechanism of drug action to join our growing Clinical Bioanalytics  Translational Sciences function of Beam in July 2024. Our function works across RD and holds responsibility for bioanalytical, forward  reverse translational strategies followed by implementation for a broad pipeline of clinical programs in hematology, immunology, oncology, and rare genetic diseases that leverage base editing technologies, auto, allo, CART cell therapies and novel delivery modalities like LNP. The fellow will have the opportunity to work alongside seasoned leaders within the function in developing clinical biomarker strategy  novel methodologiesassay platforms for various clinical studies.
Responsibilities:

The fellowship program focuses on developing the skills required for a clinical biomarker  translational scientist.
Develop an understanding of disease biology, mechanism of drug action, and bioanalytical  biomarker needs and strategies for various programs.
Gain expertise in the implementation of clinical pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic, biomarker and anti-drug antibody assays using different assay platforms such as MSD, ddPCR, qPCR, Flow cytometry, etc.
Engage in the evaluation of novel technologies, hands-on development and troubleshooting of assays, data analysis and interpretation.
Participate in cross-functional team interactions across therapeutic areas. The fellow will present work in group meetings  company wide posteroral presentations.
The fellow may have the option to learn some clinical pharmacology aspects of translational sciences; cross functional training may be tailored towards candidates background and preference.

Qualifications:

PhD in Biology or any biological sciences from an accredited university or equivalent.
Broad understanding of drug discovery and development with hands-on experience in a variety of biochemical  molecular biology methods.
Prior experience in Beams disease areas andor biomarker discovery is a plus.
Proficient in Excel, PowerPoint, and data analysis and visualization tools such as GraphPad Prism.
Experience maintaining a lab notebook and following written protocols with excellent problem-solving skills.
Motivated and detail oriented with great communication skills, a multitasker, a team-player  a fast learner.
