Position Overview:
The Beam facility in RTP is looking for an experienced Site Services Technician for our 2nd shift, which will overlap with our day shift and run weekdays between approximately 3:00 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. This position is responsible for independently performing site services tasks, supporting Manufacturing Cleanroom personnel working 2nd shift, and overseeing maintenance and site services vendors. In addition to a strong general maintenance background and a service oriented mindset, the ideal candidate should also possess the ability to work in cGMP regulated environment with personnel from Quality, Validation, Laboratories, IT, Finance, and Administration.
Responsibilities:

Perform general maintenance tasks, including painting, patching, furniture assembly, and office moves.
Coordinate and schedule vendors for maintenance and site services tasks, including janitorial and pest control.
Support Sr. Technicians, Engineers, and Automation for troubleshooting of utilities and equipment.
Support CapEx and Process Improvement project initiatives during 2nd shift as required.
Assist with response to issues with office amenities, including coffee makers, dishwashers, microwaves, refrigerators, lighting, etc.
Assist with response to 2nd shift utility alarms from the Building Automation and Process Control systems.
Create individual work and review vendor work within the site CMMS system.
Ensure adequate spare parts inventory for site services assets.
Perform tasks in compliance with site cGMP, environmental, and federal  state requirements.
Ability to participate in on-call rotation with members of the Facility Maintenance team.

Qualifications:

Associates degree or equivalent experience or certification in a technical discipline related to construction, utilities, or trades.
5-10 years experience in site services and maintenance for a GMP biotech or other highly regulated manufacturing or commercial environment (e.g., hospital, ISO, USDA, etc.).
Ability to plan, adhere to deadlines, and adapt quickly to changing circumstances.
Flexible and results oriented, with a focus on excellent customer service, and demonstrated collaboration in a team environment.
Must be able to work onsite daily and willing to have a flexible schedule during peak times, which may include supporting critical operations outside of normal work hours, as needed. 

 