Position Overview:
The Clinical Trial Manager must fully understand and lead the cross-functional team through all day-to-day activities within the clinical trial life cycle. These day to day activities include managing all trial start-up, conduct and close-out activities to both industry and corporate standards within ICHGCP Guidelines.  Must live local to the area and able to come onsite weekly. 
Responsibilities:

Have the skillset and experience to manage all project team activities related study start up, conduct and close out activities.
Work with Outsourcing and Contracts Management to ensure Site Contracts reflect trial activities and related budget. Manage Change Orders with Sites (and Vendors when necessary), including checking for accuracy of invoices and cost of services versus accruals.
Contribute to development of Informed Consent Form and provide oversight and approval for all country and site level ICF in collaboration with the CRO to manage the daily operational management activities of CROs and study vendors.
Contribute to (or oversee the management of) the creation of the trial plans and site facing documents.
Develop (or overseeing the development of) all trainingday to day materials, including SIV materials, Investigator Meeting materials, Amendment Training Materials, Lab Manuals, Pharmacy Manuals, and any other trial-specific trainings for sites and internal team members.
Support data management activities such as reviewing study-related support materials created by Data Management, including the study manual, edit check manual, clean patient data tracker, listing review process and the Statistical Analysis Plan; participate in all the related activities and data cleaning activities throughout the life of the trial; organizeplan data snapshots as necessary for internal and external reviews and data deliveries.
Monitor (and escalate appropriately) vendor metrics and vendor performance, including KPIs, review of Monitoring Reports for content and compliance, deviation reporting, data cleaning activities, enrollment activities, etc.
Organize, oversee andor participate in all study related meetings, including Investigator teleconferences, Clinical Study Team meetings, Vendor update calls, Safety Review Committee meetings, Data Safety Monitoring Board, etc. as appropriate.
Develop and maintain (or oversee) the development of the Trial Master File, ensuring the final TMF is final and audit ready at the close of the study.
Participate and support all audit, SOP and quality activities for CROs, the vendors, the sites, etc. to ensure alignment and consistent quality exist across the trial.

Qualifications:

(CTM) Bachelors Degree in a related field with 6 years experience in the biotech andor pharmaceutical industries managing clinical trials.
Phase I experience is preferred, particularly in Oncology or Rare Disease development.
Experience with GCPICH Guidelines, and a strong understanding of cross-functional clinical processes.
Exceptional organizational skills and ability to deal with competing priorities, also strong reasoning and problem solving ability.
Ability and willingness to be onsite at Cambridge office and travel up to 20 (domestic and international) as needed.

 