Position Overview:
Beam is looking for a highly motivated individual to join us as Supply Chain Planner, as part of our Production and Raw Materials Planning team. You will play a key role in ensuring production readiness from a holistic Supply Chain perspective, including production planning, raw materials planning, purchasing, and vendor management to ensure uninterrupted supply of raw materials in support of internal manufacturing of Drug Product or Critical Materials. The role will be integral to growing the raw materials planning, inventory management, and production planning capabilities for Beams manufacturing site in North Carolina. Collaboration with the sites Supply Chain, Operational Readiness, IT, and Manufacturing functions will be critical for the success of this role.
The ideal candidate will have experience working in a dynamic environment. They will also be able to successfully interface with multidisciplinary teams and build strong cross-functional relationships.
Responsibilities:

Lead the production planning aspects of manufacturing including SAP Process Order management, capacity allocation, and supply planning.
Ensure controlled flow of raw materials to support start-up and ongoing manufacturing operations for Beam NC via robust materials planning and purchasing, and oversight of vendor-managed inventory.
Provide regular forecasts to suppliers to ensure medium to long term supply. Monitor status with suppliers to ensure material orders are filled and delivered as expected.
Manage Purchase Order generation, track and manage open orders, and invoicing approvals for raw material procurement.
Support new materials readiness with Manufacturing, Quality, Process Development, and Warehouse during facility and process start-up phase.
Collaborate to support warehouse start up efforts from an inventory management perspective, such as receiving, inspection, put-away, dispensing, Kanban, procedures.
Proactively identify and mitigate any potential supply interruptions. Develop, document, implement, and continuously improve planning and inventory strategies to ensure raw material availability.
Report and escalate material supply issues and constraints including root cause analysis, preventive actions, and leading resolution and or building mitigation plans.
Provide timely updates to stakeholders on the status of readiness activities and related projects.
Establish, author, and update SOPs as required. Drive CAPAs, change controls, deviations as needed.
Support the transition of materials planning into MRP system without any interruptions to supply chain activities.
Other duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

0-3 years experience in a Supp, preferably in a Biotechnology, Cell  Gene Therapy or Pharmaceutical environment.
Bachelors degree required; MSMBA preferred.
APICS-certified (e.g., CPIM, CSCP, CPSM) or willingness to obtain certification preferred. Experience with inventory systems, supply planning and contract manufacturing principles.
Experience in using and implementing planning tools including Excel Data Analysis and Modelling.
Basic knowledge of MRP (SAP) systems, advanced knowledge preferred.
High degree of customer focus (internalexternal) and demonstrated collaboration in a team environment.
Ability to think critically and demonstrate troubleshooting and problem-solving skills.
Must be able to work onsite daily and willing to have a flexible schedule during peak times, which may include supporting critical operations outside of normal work hours, as needed.
Excellent attention-to-detail, interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills.

 