Position Overview:
The Beam Manufacturing Sciences  Technology (MST) team provides technical expertise for the transfer and production of complex cellular therapeutics, mRNA and lipid nanoparticles (LNPs) at the RTP manufacturing facility. The MST team applies a deep understanding of science and engineering principles to translate processes from development to manufacturing.  The team is accountable for process technology transfers, process troubleshooting to manufacturing, deviation investigational leadership, support for regulatory submissions, and leadership of all manufacturing site based technical improvement initiatives.  The MST Co-Op will gain experience navigating real world projects related to process technology transfer and site start up activities for the new RTP manufacturing facility from January through June 2024.
 
Responsibilities: 

The MST Co-Op will have responsibility for projects associated with the transfer of mRNALNP processes. Potential projects include establishing site wide programs such as standardization of a site bill of materials and process flow diagram process, equipment cleaning validation process buildout and execution in GMP environment, and chromatography performance and GMP readiness review.
The MST Co-Op, under the guidance of their mentor, will be accountable for developing and executing a project plan against defined objectives and desired outcomes, and engaging cross functional partners and stakeholders, as needed, to meet project timelines.

 
Qualifications: 

Candidate must be pursuing a Bachelors or Masters degree in Chemical Engineering, Bioengineering, Biochemistry, or related field.
Must be entering their third or fourth year (Bachelors) or currently pursuing a Masters degree.
Prior industry internship or academic lab-based research experience with preparative chromatography equipment is preferred.
The candidate should have a solid academic foundation in engineering, science and mathematics coursework (examples: biologychemistrybiochemistry, engineering principles, biochemicalbioengineering, reactor designlab, molecular biology, etc.)
This role will function within a hybrid (partially remote, partially onsite) working environment, and requires a self-motivated individual.
