Position Overview:
The Beam facility in RTP is looking for an experienced Mechanical, Electrical, and Plumbing (MEP) Technician for our 2nd shift, which will overlap with our day shift and run weekdays between approximately 3:00 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. This position is responsible for independently performing maintenance and calibration tasks, supporting Manufacturing Cleanroom personnel working 2nd shift, and overseeing maintenance and calibration vendors. In addition to a varied general maintenance background, the ideal candidate should also possess the ability to work with personnel from Quality, Validation, Laboratories, IT, Finance, and Administration.
Responsibilities:

Execute planned and demand maintenance activities for plant utilities (HVAC, Electrical, ChilledHeating Hot Water, Compressed Air), gene therapy manufacturing equipment, and QC Laboratory instrumentation.
Support and continue day shift calibration and preventive maintenance tasks for utility and lab instruments.
Support CapEx and Process Improvement project initiatives during 2nd shift as required.
Coordinate and schedule vendors for maintenance and calibration tasks.
Respond to 2nd shift alarms from the Building Automation and Process Control systems.
Create individual work and review vendor work within the site CMMS system.
Review and suggest updates for Standard Operating Procedures for site and facility maintenance.
Ensure compliant operations in accordance with site cGMP, environmental, and government requirements.
Ability to participate in on-call rotation with members of the Facility Maintenance team.

Qualifications:

Post-secondary degree, certification(s), or equivalent experience in a technical discipline related to MEP, construction, utilities, or trades. Supervisory experience with technicians or vendors preferred.
8-10 years experience in maintenance with a preference for biotech, pharma, or medical device manufacturing.
Working knowledge of process equipment, utility systems, and lab equipment.
Computer systems literacy, with Siemens BAS, DeltaV, and CMMS experience required.
Ability to manage competing priorities and timelines and adapt quickly to changing circumstances.
Flexible and results oriented, with a focus on excellent customer service and demonstrated collaboration in a team environment.
Must be able to work onsite daily and willing to have a flexible schedule during peak times, which may include supporting critical operations outside of normal work hours, as needed. 

 
 