
Position Overview:
Beam is seeking a highly motivated individual to join us as Supply Chain co-op to join our Beam NC Supply Chain team from January through June 2024. Reporting to the Raw Materials Planning team, you will support the team in ensuring production readiness from a holistic Supply Chain perspective, including production planning, raw materials planning, purchasing, and vendor management to ensure uninterrupted supply of raw materials in support of internal manufacturing of Drug Product or Critical Materials. Collaboration with the sites Supply Chain, Operational Readiness, Manufacturing, and Global Supply Chain functions will be critical for the success of this role.
Responsibilities:

Maintain and monitor purchasing master data in SAP including vendor lead times and material safety stocks to enable the on-time purchase of raw materials.
Troubleshoot issues with receiving discrepancies in the Beam NC Warehouse.
Support inventory management via the building and populating a database of available inventory, availabilityallocations, and cross-functional demand for pre-clinical materials across the Beam network.
Contribute to the production planning aspects of manufacturing including SAP Process Order management, capacity allocation, and supply planning Support the implementation and oversight of vendor-managed inventory.
Support the generation of regular forecasts to suppliers to ensure medium to long term supply. Monitor status with suppliers to ensure material orders are filled and delivered as expected.
Support Purchase Order generation, track and manage open orders, and invoicing approvals for raw material procurement.
Support new materials readiness with Manufacturing, Quality, Process Development, and Warehouse during facility and process start-up phase.
Collaborate to support warehouse start up efforts from an inventory management perspective, such as receiving, inspection, put-away, dispensing, Kanban, procedures.
Support the creation of timely updates to stakeholders on the status of readiness activities and related projects.
Establish, author, and update SOPs as required. Drive CAPAs, change controls, deviations as needed.
Support the transition of materials planning into MRP system without any interruptions to supply chain activities.
Other duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

Pursuing a Bachelors degree in a field related to Supply Chain, Biotechnology, Cell  Gene Therapy, or Pharmaceutical manufacturing.
APICS-certified (e.g., CPIM, CSCP, CPSM) or willingness to obtain certification preferred.
Experience in using and implementing planning tools including Excel Data Analysis and Modelling.
Basic knowledge of MRP (SAP) systems preferred.
High degree of customer focus (internalexternal) and demonstrated collaboration in a team environment.
Ability to think critically and demonstrate troubleshooting and problem-solving skills.
Excellent attention-to-detail, interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills.
Must be able to work onsite, not a remote role.
