Position Overview:
Beam is looking for an exceptional Warehouse team member for our internal manufacturing site in Raleigh-Durham North Carolina, to work 2nd Shift in the cGMP warehouse. You will perform warehousing and logistics operations to support clinical and commercial production of cell and gene therapy products including receiving, picking, packing, shipping, staging, transporting, storage, delivery etc. You will be joining our warehouse team that executes the day-to-day activities.
The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated track record of working in a dynamic environment. They will also be able to successfully interface with multidisciplinary teams and build strong cross-functional relationships.
Responsibilities:

Support commissioning and qualification, temperature mapping activities, including authoring of standard operating procedures.
Receive, inspect, label, and put away raw materials.
Deliver material to Quality Control for sample and release testing.
Support Manufacturing activities by assembling kits and delivering materials needed for processing.
Maintain inventory accuracy via the ERP system through real time movement transactions, cycle counting and waste disposal.
Facilitates shipment of hazardous and temperature sensitive material between on-site and off-site warehouse locations and laboratory samples for third-party testing.
Maintain the material warehouse, receiving and shipping docks in an inspection-ready state.
May be occasionally required to work shifts, holidays, and weekends.
Other related duties as assigned.

Qualifications:

Minimum 1 years experience in warehouse operations, logistics, and inventory management; preferably in the pharmaceuticalbiotech industry.
Strong computer skills including IMSWMSMRP software experience.
Proficient in operating in a cGMP environment and adhering to cGMP guidelines.
High degree of customer focus (internalexternal) and demonstrated collaboration in a team environment.
Ability to think critically, and demonstrate troubleshooting and problem-solving skills.
Excellent attention-to-detail, interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills.
Must be willing to have a flexible schedule which include but not limited to supporting projects and critical operations outside of normal work hours

Physical Requirements:

Must be able to work in Warehouse setting with variable noise levels, various hazardous materials like chemicals, reagents etc.
Must be able to wear appropriate Personal Protective Equipment, work in variable temperatures including cold rooms.
Ability to operate motorizedmanual forklifts and pallet jacks.
Clarity of vision and can identify and distinguish colors.
Must be able to perform activities with repetitive motions.

 