BigCommerces mission is to help merchants sell more at every stage of growth, from small startups, to mid-market businesses to large enterprises. We focus on being the best ecommerce platform so our customers can focus on what matters most: growing their businesses.
We are equally passionate about growing our employees careers and providing them an incredible experience as we rapidly expand across the globe. We are proud to have been recognized numerous times for our product and workplace culture. We empower our people and customers to build, innovate and grow, so together we can redefine the ecommerce industry.BigCommerce, named a 2023 Best Place to Work in Austin, is looking for a Tier 2 Technical Support Representative. The primary responsibility of the Tier 2 Technical Support Representative is to handle complex phone calls and tickets, and to regularly collaborate with our Tier 1 Technical Support Representatives on developing their technical and soft skills. Tier 2s work directly with our largest Enterprise clients, mustering whatever resources are needed to effectively manage their end to end support experiences. 
What You Will Do

Provide outstanding phone, email, and chat-based support to our Enterprise merchants and Agency Partners.
Work front line emails, chats, andor phone calls as needed.
Develop solutions and utilize standard operating procedures for improving customer satisfaction and creating lifelong promoters of our brand.
Provide internal support answering questions and assisting with the resolution of issues for all customer-facing teams.  (Tier 1 Technical Support, Billing, Sales and Account Management) 
Communicate with the management team and other internal teams to resolve issues.
Utilize classroom, video, and self-paced training to stay ahead of product advancements and eCommerce best practices; utilize your knowledge to solve problems efficiently.
Display high levels of professionalism and recurring interactions with departments inside and outside of the Client Success organization.
Assist with supervisor callbacks for technical and customer service concerns.

Who You Are

Minimum 6 months Tier 1 experience (1 year preferred) meeting all department and performance expectations.
A work ethic that demonstrates dedication to the company, its mission, personal pride, and the team; a desire to work in a culture of excellence.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with impeccable attention to detail.
Exceptional ability to utilize self-service resources (internal tools and documentation, Google-fu, external service portals, Stack Overflow, etc) to find solutions.
Excellent time management skills.
Familiarity with BigCommerce API, Stencil Framework, and Developer Documentation.
Intermediate knowledge of HTML and CSS; basic javascript skills.

LI-LP1Not all candidates will be eligible for the upper end of the salary range (or have the minimum apply to them), but rather, the exact salary will be dependent on the successful candidates location, relevant knowledge, skills, and qualifications.Targeted salary range40,200—48,880 USDDiversity, Equity  Inclusion at BigCommerce
 
Our employees make the difference. At BigCommerce, we believe that celebrating the unique histories, perspectives and abilities of every employee makes a difference for our company, our customers and our community. We are an equal opportunity employer and the inclusive atmosphere we build together will make room for every person to contribute, grow and thrive.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you need an accommodation in order to interview at BigCommerce, please let us know during any of your interactions with our recruiting team.
Learn more about the BigCommerce team, culture and benefits at https:careers.bigcommerce.com.
