BigCommerces mission is to help merchants sell more at every stage of growth, from small startups, to mid-market businesses to large enterprises. We focus on being the best ecommerce platform so our customers can focus on what matters most: growing their businesses.
We are equally passionate about growing our employees careers and providing them an incredible experience as we rapidly expand across the globe. We are proud to have been recognized numerous times for our product and workplace culture. We empower our people and customers to build, innovate and grow, so together we can redefine the ecommerce industry.BigCommerce is disrupting the eCommerce industry as the SaaS leader for fast-growing, mid-market businesses. We enable our customers to build intuitive and engaging stores to support every stage of their growth.
BigCommerce, named a 2021 Best Place to Work in Austin, is seeking a Technical Support Representative for our 24x7 Customer Success Services (CSS) Team. As a Technical Support Representative, you will be responsible for supporting, providing value to, and powering the growth of merchants using the worlds best, and most successful, eCommerce platform for growing businesses.  You will educate customers on various platform features, troubleshoot technical issues, and enable merchants to sell more.
Please submit your resume in English for review.
What You Will Do

Provide outstanding phone, email, and chat-based technical support to our customers in a fast-paced 24x7 environment (expect up to 7.5 hours of talkchat time a day)
Provide extraordinary support to our ever-growing merchant base with your unsurpassed customer service and problem solving capabilities
Develop solutions and utilize standard operating procedures for improving customer satisfaction and creating lifelong promoters of our brand
Communicate with the management team and developers to improve product functionality and resolve issues
Decrease incoming volume by striving toward first contact resolution and proactively onboarding and advising customers on eCommerce best practices
Assist customers with common billing, invoice, and account issues
Utilize classroom, video, and self-paced training to stay ahead of product advancements and eCommerce best practices; utilize your knowledge to solve problems efficiently
Display high levels of professionalism in recurring interactions with departments inside and outside of the CSS organization. 

Who You Are

A work ethic that demonstrates dedication to the company, its mission, and the team; a desire to work in a culture of excellence
Experience in a customer-facing, service-oriented role is required; experience in a phone, email, or chat-based technical support or customer service contact center preferred
Exceptional ability to utilize self-service resources (internal guides, Google-fu, external service portals, etc) to find solutions is required
Strong aptitude toward various web, eCommerce, and hosting technologies and how they work together
Exceptional critical thinking and soft skills with a passion for getting every customer on the path to success using thoughtful solutions that best fit each situation
Team player interested in growing and competing alongside some of the best technical support agents in the business; willingness to help and seek help from peers
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills; an ability to communicate effectively with and deescalate frustrated or upset customers without taking it personally
Ability to read or edit within at least one web language (HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery, etc), as well as a basic understanding of data structures, is preferred
Must be flexible to shift work and occasional overtime including Sundays in a 24x7x365 environment
Fluent in English
Our ideal candidate will reside in Mexico City, Mexico, Guadalajara, Mexico, or any major city within Mexico

This description is intended to serve as a summary of key duties and responsibilities and may not contain a comprehensive list of activities.
LI-REMOTE
LI-GL1Diversity, Equity  Inclusion at BigCommerce
 
Our employees make the difference. At BigCommerce, we believe that celebrating the unique histories, perspectives and abilities of every employee makes a difference for our company, our customers and our community. We are an equal opportunity employer and the inclusive atmosphere we build together will make room for every person to contribute, grow and thrive.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you need an accommodation in order to interview at BigCommerce, please let us know during any of your interactions with our recruiting team.
Learn more about the BigCommerce team, culture and benefits at https:careers.bigcommerce.com.
