Blend is a diverse team of problem solvers who believe that the worlds financial resources should be more accessible. Our cloud banking platform is used by Wells Fargo, U.S. Bank, and over 330 other financial services firms to acquire more customers, increase productivity, and deliver end-to-end digital experiences. Our software enables our customers to process an average of more than 5 billion in loans per day, making it possible for consumers to reach their financial goals faster and lead better lives. Come do work that matters.
 This position will be located at our client site in Lewisville, Texas.
How youll contribute:

Manage a pipeline of title orders and take actions necessary to clear the title within specific time frames
Review title commitments and loan files
Work with other title companies and title insurance underwriters as needed to resolve issues
Interact with banks, mortgage lenders, credit unions and other 3rd parties when issues arise to help resolve file deficiencies

Who you are:

3 years of title curative experience
Knowledge of the mortgage servicing a plus
Ability to multi-task and handle high volume of transactions
Ability to interact successfully with both internal and external customers at all levels
Knowledge of title searches, title examination and lien clearance
Detail-oriented and highly productive
Strong customer service skills and the ability to negotiate issues to resolution
High School Diploma required, or Equivalent Work Experience
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite including Word, Excel and Outlook

To comply with local legislation, as well as to provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges on all job postings regardless of desired hiring location.
For full time hires, the hiring base pay range for this position is between 26.44 and 30.29 an hour. Beyond base pay, Blend benefits and perks are described below.  
Final base pay offer amounts will vary depending on multiple factors, including but not limited to function, level, geographic location, job related knowledge, skills, and experience. Base pay will be adjusted for part-time roles to reflect scheduled hours.
Benefits 

401(k) plan with employer matching contribution
Comprehensive health benefits
16 weeks of paid parental leave
Generous vacation policy 
Work from home office set up stipend and internet stipend during COVID-19
Wellness benefits covering a variety of wellness activities, gym memberships, fitness classes and more
 
Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable laws.
Notice at Collection and Privacy Policy for California Job Applicants
 
If you have a disability and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment, please contact Blend at (650) 550-4810 or hraccessibilityblend.com.