Blend is a diverse team of problem solvers who believe that the worlds financial resources should be more accessible. Our cloud banking platform is used by Wells Fargo, U.S. Bank, and over 330 other financial services firms to acquire more customers, increase productivity, and deliver end-to-end digital experiences. Our software enables our customers to process an average of more than 5 billion in loans per day, making it possible for consumers to reach their financial goals faster and lead better lives. Come do work that matters.
 Blend helps lenders maximize their digital agility. Our digital lending platform is used by Wells Fargo, U.S. Bank, and other leading financial institutions to increase customer acquisition, improve productivity, and accelerate the delivery of any banking product across every channel.
The Financial Reporting and Technical Accounting Director will be responsible for the preparation and filing of the Companys external financial statements, ensuring compliance with US GAAP and SEC requirements. In addition, this individual will be primarily responsible for determining the proper accounting treatment for various strategic initiatives and non-standard transactions.
This role will be an integral part of the Blend Finance organization, it will provide high visibility within the organization and will require direct involvement in projects with tight deadlines. The role requires strong analytical skills and ability to research and process the information for inclusion in publicly filed documents. The ideal candidate is a highly motivated professional who can develop effective working relationships with cross-functional partners, is detail oriented and can identify and develop best-in-class processes and controls to support the growth of the business.
How youll contribute: 

Manage the preparation of the quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-QK and coordinate the internal and external reviews of these documents
Research, evaluate the applicability, and document evolving US GAAP and SEC guidance to ensure timely identification and compliance with new requirements
Research and interpret complex accounting issues and prepare technical memorandums to support the companys positions
Prepare the quarterly earnings release and board materials
Manage communications with external auditors on financial statements and accounting issues
Ensure SOX 404 compliance, including documentation of end-to-end processes, design and implementation of internal controls over financial reporting, and making recommendations for other internal controls and processes within the organization
Proactively search out ways and make recommendations to improve and streamline financial reporting processes
Support month-end and quarter-end close process
Lead other special projects as required

Who you are: 

CPA with 10 years of experience, including 5 years with a Big 4 accounting firm
Strong knowledge of US GAAP and SEC rules and regulations
Strong project management skills
Ability to research, analyze, and document accounting issues
Ability to think critically, make decisions and solve problems independently
Ability to thrive under tight deadlines and high-pressure situations in a fast paced and dynamic environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills

 
To comply with local legislation, as well as to provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges on all job postings regardless of desired hiring location.
For full time hires, the hiring base pay range for this position is between 140,000 and 190,000. The stated base pay range would generally increase 10 for candidates in CANY and be reduced 5 for candidates outside of CO, IL, MA, TX, VA, WA, and DC. Beyond base pay, Blend benefits and perks are described below.  
Final base pay offer amounts will vary depending on multiple factors, including but not limited to function, level, geographic location, job related knowledge, skills, and experience. Base pay will be adjusted for part-time roles to reflect scheduled hours.
Benefits and Perks: 

Meaningful equity
401(k) plan with employer matching contribution
Comprehensive health benefits
16 weeks of paid parental leave
Generous vacation policy 
Work from home office set up stipend and internet stipend during COVID-19
Wellness benefits covering a variety of wellness activities, gym memberships, fitness classes and more





Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable laws.Notice at Collection for California Applicants 
If you have a disability and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment, please contact Blend at (650) 550-4810 or hraccessibilityblend.com.
 
Director



 
Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable laws.
Notice at Collection and Privacy Policy for California Job Applicants
 
If you have a disability and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment, please contact Blend at (650) 550-4810 or hraccessibilityblend.com.