Blend is a diverse team of problem solvers who believe that the worlds financial resources should be more accessible. Our cloud banking platform is used by Wells Fargo, U.S. Bank, and over 330 other financial services firms to acquire more customers, increase productivity, and deliver end-to-end digital experiences. Our software enables our customers to process an average of more than 5 billion in loans per day, making it possible for consumers to reach their financial goals faster and lead better lives. Come do work that matters.
 The Tax Manager will be responsible for overseeing all tax-related matters for Blend. This individual will be responsible for ensuring compliance with all federal, state, and local tax laws, as well as developing and implementing tax strategies that align with the companys overall business objectives.
What youll do:

Oversee all tax planning and compliance activities for the company
Develop and implement tax planning strategies to minimize the companys tax liability while maximizing shareholder value
Prepare and file property tax returns
Review and ensure timely filing sales and use tax returns
Review quarterly and annual tax provision and income tax disclosures
Maintain effective control procedures over all aspects of the tax process
Respond to IRS notices, including the management and facilitation of IRS income tax audits
Manage relationships with external tax advisors, ensuring that they are providing high-quality, cost-effective services
Identify and manage tax-related risks and opportunities, and provide guidance to the companys executive leadership team on the potential tax implications of various business decisions

Who you are:

Bachelors degree in accounting, finance, or a related field; Masters degree in tax or a related field is preferred
At least 7 years of relevant tax experience, a combination of Big Four Accounting Firms and corporate tax experience is preferred
CPA  preferred
Strong knowledge of federal, state, and local tax laws and regulations and reporting requirements
Experience in the preparation of property and sales tax returns
Experience with a variety of tax operations and ability to drive process improvements
Experience managing relationships with external tax advisors
Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills
Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously

 
To comply with local legislation, as well as to provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges on all job postings regardless of desired hiring location.
For full time hires, the hiring base pay range for this position is between 125,000 and 155,000. The stated base pay range would generally be reduced 5 for candidates outside of CO, IL, MA, TX, VA, WA, and DC. Beyond base pay, Blend benefits and perks are described below.  
Final base pay offer amounts will vary depending on multiple factors, including but not limited to function, level, geographic location, job related knowledge, skills, and experience. Base pay will be adjusted for part-time roles to reflect scheduled hours.
Benefits and Perks: 

Meaningful equity 
401 (k) plan with employer matching contribution
Comprehensive health benefits
16 weeks of paid parental leave
Generous vacation policy
Work from home office set up stipend and internet stipend during COVID-19
Wellness benefits covering a variety of wellness activities, gym memberships, fitness classes and more

  
Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable laws.
Notice at Collection and Privacy Policy for California Job Applicants
 
If you have a disability and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment, please contact Blend at (650) 550-4810 or hraccessibilityblend.com.