Blend is a diverse team of problem solvers who believe that the worlds financial resources should be more accessible. Our cloud banking platform is used by Wells Fargo, U.S. Bank, and over 330 other financial services firms to acquire more customers, increase productivity, and deliver end-to-end digital experiences. Our software enables our customers to process an average of more than 5 billion in loans per day, making it possible for consumers to reach their financial goals faster and lead better lives. Come do work that matters.
 This role on the Product Finance  Strategy team will be an integral part of the Blend Finance  Strategy Org. You will assist in the preparation of budgets, forecasts, monthly financial analysis, reporting, and ad hoc analysis for Blends mortgage and mortgage suite products. We are looking for someone who is detail oriented, makes confident fact-based decisions; and approaches problems from different perspectives to suggest and implement solutions.
How youll contribute: 

Work with complex financial models to forecast revenue and expenses  
Develop a strong understanding of key financial levers, growth drivers, gross margin, and unit economics for various product lines
 Perform routine monthly tasks including updating financial models with reported results from various data sources, forecast to actual variance analysis, and trend analysis
Create ad-hoc business performance reports, data analysis, pricing analysis, charts, graphs, and other visual representations using financial data 
Partner with other department leaders to develop financial and scenario analysis for various business initiatives and strategic decisions
Assist with developing finance and business presentations and related supporting materials for investors, board members, and senior leadership
Act as the gatekeeper for financial data and manage wider distribution of financial materials for various purposes

Who you are: 


Prior experience in investment banking, corporate finance, product FPA, financial consulting, or related fields. Preferably in the technology or financial services industries 
Strong Excel modeling (Xlookups, nested IF statements, pivot tables, other complex formulas) and superior analytical skills. Be prepared to demonstrate this in a case study
Proven ability to understand how financial decisions impact business performance and strategy
Ability to summarize and distill very large datasets into actionable insights
Solid understanding of accounting and finance principles
Organized, flexible, and easily adaptable to changing conditions
Ability to work well in high pressure situations in order to meet deadlines
Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills with proven success partnering and collaborating across multiple functions
A detail oriented self-starter who is eager to learn and intellectually curious

Bonus Points: 

Experience with Adaptive, NetSuite, and Salesforce
Strategic Finance or FPA experience at another FinTech, SaaS, or financial services company
An understanding of the U.S. mortgage market
SQL, Python, or other data languages

 
Benefits and Perks: 

Meaningful equity and a 401(k) plan
Comprehensive health benefits
Wellness benefits covering a variety of wellness activities, gym memberships, fitness classes and more
16 weeks of paid parental leave
Generous vacation policy
Work from home office set up stipend and internet stipend during COVID-19

 
 
 
Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable laws.
Notice at Collection and Privacy Policy for California Job Applicants
 
If you have a disability and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment, please contact Blend at (650) 550-4810 or hraccessibilityblend.com.