Blend is a diverse team of problem solvers who believe that the worlds financial resources should be more accessible. Our cloud banking platform is used by Wells Fargo, U.S. Bank, and over 330 other financial services firms to acquire more customers, increase productivity, and deliver end-to-end digital experiences. Our software enables our customers to process an average of more than 5 billion in loans per day, making it possible for consumers to reach their financial goals faster and lead better lives. Come do work that matters.
 We are looking for a National Sales Executive with experience in generating new title orders from customers in the Home Equity lending andor Mortgage Servicing space. The ideal candidate will be responsible for calling on new and existing prospects, identifying key decision-makers, establishing a business relationship, and effectively selling through the sales cycle to obtain profitable new title orders.
How youll contribute: 

Fosters and nurtures a winning, salesoriented culture and selling system
Contributes to the growth of the sales operation and personal book of business
Develops full prospect pipelines and manages prospect candidates using the Companys CRM
Manage sales results against sales targets on a monthly basis
Works independently on monthly and annual opportunity and sales goals and establishes the framework to achieve those goals
Works with account Management team to nurture existing client relationships to ensure a constant flow of new business and maximum client retention
Performs other duties as assigned

Who you are: 
Education, Certification, and License Requirements

High school diploma or GED
Associates or Bachelors degree preferred
Valid drivers license required
Experienceproficiency in Salesforce CRM

Experience

Three or more years of title or real estate sales experience required

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Thorough understanding of the title insurance industry
Proven performance management skills
Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite of products
Strong oral and written communications skills
Ability to conduct presentations and hold one-on-one meetings
Ability to multitask in a fast-paced environment
Strong attention to detail
Strong customer service and problem-solving skills
Ability to travel when needed for in person client meetings and sales calls

To comply with local legislation, as well as to provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base pay ranges on all job postings regardless of desired hiring location.
For full time hires, the hiring base pay range for this position is between 100,000 and 120,000. Beyond base pay, Blend benefits and perks are described below.  
Final base pay offer amounts will vary depending on multiple factors, including but not limited to function, level, geographic location, job related knowledge, skills, and experience. Base pay will be adjusted for part-time roles to reflect scheduled hours.
Benefits  Perks

Comprehensive health benefits
401(k) plan  company match
Wellness benefits
16 weeks of paid parental leave
14 paid company holidays 
Competitive PTO

  
Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable laws.
Notice at Collection and Privacy Policy for California Job Applicants
 
If you have a disability and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment, please contact Blend at (650) 550-4810 or hraccessibilityblend.com.