Blend is a diverse team of problem solvers who believe that the worlds financial resources should be more accessible. Our cloud banking platform is used by Wells Fargo, U.S. Bank, and over 330 other financial services firms to acquire more customers, increase productivity, and deliver end-to-end digital experiences. Our software enables our customers to process an average of more than 5 billion in loans per day, making it possible for consumers to reach their financial goals faster and lead better lives. Come do work that matters.
 As a Corporate Senior Accountant, you will be based in our Mexico City office and will report to the International Controller.  You will have the opportunity to play a key role in helping develop world-class processes to support our accounting and close functions while operating in a fast-paced, rapidly growing environment. We are looking for an individual who is excited to work both independently and collaboratively, demonstrates strong communication skills, detail oriented, and a desire to learn and succeed.
How youll contribute: 

Execute on month-end close, preparing and reviewing journal entries and account reconciliations for a variety of GL accounts
Prepare monthly variance analysis for areas of responsibility
Design and enhance internal controls over accounting processes and systems in preparation for SOX compliance
Establish, implement, maintain, and monitor accounting procedures and policies
Combine GAAP accounting knowledge, operational experience, and critical thinking to problem-solving effectively and autonomously
Drive scaling accounting processes through system automation and refining existing processes and procedures
Support external audit and regulatory reporting function
Perform ad hoc projects as requested, which include technical account research 

Who you are: 


Bachelors degree in Accounting or Finance (CPA is a plus)
A minimum of 4 years of experience in accounting (Big 4 or public company experience is a plus)
Experience with major ERP system (NetSuite a plus, SAP, Oracle)
Experience working in an international company.
Strong Excel spreadsheet skills (pivot tables, index(match), xlookup, multiple criteria sumproduct, etc.)
Demonstrate ownership, problem-solving and analytical skills, combined with impeccable integrity
Strong verbal and written communication skills needed to interface and establish rapport with all levels of the organization
You challenge the old ways of doing things and enjoy changing the status quo to optimize process and drive continuous improvement in yourself and within your function
Ability to operate in a fast paced, rapidly evolving, highly transactional and data driven role  a willingness to speak up and ask questions
You are detailed oriented, possess effective project management skills, and a strong ownership mindset
Bilingual in English; written and verbal

 
Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable laws.
Notice at Collection and Privacy Policy for California Job Applicants
 
If you have a disability and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment, please contact Blend at (650) 550-4810 or hraccessibilityblend.com.