Blend is a diverse team of problem solvers who believe that the worlds financial resources should be more accessible. Our cloud banking platform is used by Wells Fargo, U.S. Bank, and over 330 other financial services firms to acquire more customers, increase productivity, and deliver end-to-end digital experiences. Our software enables our customers to process an average of more than 5 billion in loans per day, making it possible for consumers to reach their financial goals faster and lead better lives. Come do work that matters.
 This role will be an integral part of the Blend Accounting team. We are looking for a highly motivated professional to assist with the financial statement preparation process.  The ideal candidate is someone who can develop effective working relationships with cross-functional partners, is detail oriented and can identify and develop best-in-class processes and controls to support the rapid growth of the business.
Note: This is NOT a remote role, you must be willing to come to the Mexico City office. In order to be considered for the role, please submit your resume in English.
How youll contribute: 

Assist with preparation of the quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-QK and manage the internal and external review for these documents
Assist with preparation of the quarterly earnings release
Create and maintain SEC calendar to inform parties of necessary deadlines adherence
Assist with timely identification and compliance with evolving accounting guidance
Manage communications with external auditors on financial statements and accounting issues 
Assist with design and implementation of internal controls over financial reporting 
Support month-end and quarter-end close process
Participate in other projects as required

Who you are: 


4 years of experience with a Big 4 accounting firm
Strong knowledge of US GAAP and SEC rules and regulations
Ability to research and analyze accounting issues
Ability to operate in a fast paced, rapidly evolving, data driven environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Detailed oriented with ability to multitask
Strong systems knowledge with experience in Microsoft Excel is required
Bachelors Degree in BusinessFinance

 
Blend is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity, inclusion and belonging. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment all qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in a manner consistent with applicable laws.
Notice at Collection and Privacy Policy for California Job Applicants
 
If you have a disability and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to applying for employment, please contact Blend at (650) 550-4810 or hraccessibilityblend.com.