Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 Were currently expanding our Bloomreach Engagement Support Team, and were looking for a new colleague to join as a Associate Product Support Specialist. Are you up for the challenge?
We are looking for candidates who will be flexible to work in a 247 work environment. 
Tasks and responsibilities:

Provide consulting to Bloomreach Engagement users through live chat or other channels if needed, covering topics such as: 

Product and technical questions about the Bloomreach Engagement platform and related technologies (Shopify, Google BQ, push notifications)
Questions about different marketing related topics (e.g. emailing)
Helping our clients understand how to create reports, segmentations, campaigns or analyses in their respective projects

Diagnose requests, walk customers through the problem-solving process andor refer the most specialized cases to experts
As an expert, provide help to other consultants with advanced use-cases.

What we expect of the candidate:

Basic understanding of HTML, CSS, JS
Problem solving skills (from identification to resolution)
Analytical thinking and ability to learn quickly
English language (advanced or native level)
Interest in data analytics and online marketing
Know how to communicate and build relationships over time with clients
Previous work experience in a client facing role, support or in marketing

What well consider an asset:

Understanding of the link between frontend and backend, network requests
Basic understanding of programming (algorithms, conditions, cycles)
More than 1 year of experience in SaaS company

Added value of the role:

Become an expert on the Bloomreach Engagement platform and help provide solutions for both clients and colleagues
Provide immediate problem-solving to industry professionals
Help build relationships with clients like Ebuyer, Sofology, River Island and help shape their attitude towards Bloomreach Engagement.

What you might like about this role:

Identifying and resolving more advanced and non-standard tasks in the Bloomreach Engagement app
Getting to the root of problems
Cooperating with the Product team in order to improve our platform, with a possible career path leading to Product Manager
Working closely together with business consultants, technical consultants and Bloomreach Engagement Academy trainers by providing them with knowledge about the Bloomreach Engagement Platform

Regional benefits:

Annual medical insurance coverage for yourself and your dependents
Annual master health check-up up to 4000 INR per month
Statutory retirement benefits (Provident Fund Gratuity)

 More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote