Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 We are currently expanding our Client Services team, and were looking for a new Technology Solutions Consultant. Youll be working in our Bratislava office or from home on a full-time basis. The salary range for Slovakia starts at 2000, depending on your skills  experience along with stock options and other benefits. Are you up for the challenge?

Want to grow as a programmer, but also in communicating with clients who are some of the worlds e-commerce leaders?
Want to have immediate, tangible results?
Interested in gathering practical know-how about how top companies use data and web technologies?
If you like frontend coding but you dont plan to remain a programmer forever, we will give you a chance to gain experience as a Technology Solutions Consultant and later perhaps move towards technical solution architecture or business consulting. Dont hesitate, let us know.

Job description:

Be the specialist for Bloomreach Engagement, check all new trends and advise our clients how to collect and transfer big data in the most efficient way
Implementing a solution on a clients website and taking any steps to ensure it runs reliably. Issue identification and resolution.
Helping our Business Consultants set up advanced Engagement functionalities (connecting databases, internal apps, setting up web layers, dynamic content personalization, targeted campaigns, etc.). Server transformations of data files to Bloomreach -friendly formats are just one more challenge you will be expected to take on.
Preparing detailed, crystal clear data export and system integration specifications.
Contributing ideas to technical solutions, and identifying the most efficient and effective technical solutions for clients.
Possibility to work as a backend system integrator becoming fluent in Node.js services and Google Cloud Platform Kubernetes.

Your colleagues:

An international team located in Europe and US
A Technology Solutions Consultant who will help you learn all you need.
A Value Delivery Manager and your line manager, who will manage your project, define its scope with the client and be in charge of the business strategy.
Customer Success Manager, maintaining the relationship and long-term communication with the client
Business Consultants, understanding business problems and tailoring solutions. This will be your closest partners.
Client teams  you will regularly spend time with our client teams from across the world.

Our expectations of you:

Frontend coding experience (Javascript  jQuery, HTML, CSS) ideally for an e-shop or a product based on web technologies. Backend coding experience (node.js, Python, php, SQL, BigQuery) is an asset
Willingness to develop your skills and grow
Understanding databases (what you learned at university should be enough)
Ability to learn to use analytical concepts
Ability to communicate in Slovak and in English with a team of analytical consultants from all over the world

LI-DU1More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote