Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 About your Role:
The Partner Enablement Manager will help accelerate Bloomreachs partner enablement and success initiatives in the greater North America region. This person will be responsible for creating and executing external partner enablement content and programs to drive adoption of Bloomreach delivery practices and measurement of successful outcomes. This person will work with cross-functional teams including sales, services and customer success to ensure a seamless experiences for our partners and customers. This person must be organized and have strong relationship building skills across all functions. We are looking for a true team player with a growth mindset who can bring energy and results orientation to the role! 
Responsibilities include:

Overall program creation, execution and governance of the partner program
Successful project outcomes for Bloomreach customers and partners
Become an expert on Bloomreachs sales process, tools, methodologies, and solutions

Your job will be to:

Create and document a plan to train, onboard and enable Bloomreach partners on non-commercial and sales processes plus enablement and execution. 
Collaborate with the partner on required milestones and outcomes for success
Plan and manage implementations of Bloomreach to clients websites or online shops through a combination of Bloomreach and partner owned responsibilities that you will ultimately be accountable for.

You will not have to do it on your own! Your role will involve coordination between Bloomreach, partner and clients teams, mainly from an IT and marketing perspective and a mix of owning delivery personally as well as delegating activities to TC and BC resources

Conduit between the internal Bloomreach teams and the partner team as needed
Ownership of SOW execution
Gathering feedback and continuously improving our processes
Overall Program management and governance to ensure success for Bloomreach and partners
Cooperate with partner, Bloomreach and customer stakeholders towards completion of implementations
Make short-term and long-term decisions to create value for Bloomreach and its clients
Challenging, encouraging, and influencing both internal and external teams

You have the following experience  qualities:

7-10 years combined experience in the following areas (the more, the better): projectprogram leading teams, strategic planning, professional services and customer success
Experience working in a partner ecosystem
Essential understanding of coding and APIs so you can work with our product (no coding required)
Nice to haves:

Experience with SaaS, ecommerce or marketing technologies
Understanding frontendbackend technologies, relational databases, and web mechanics


Excited? Join us and transform the future of commerce experiences.
The base salary range for this position is 120,000-170,000. The pay range actually offered will take into account a variety of potential factors considered in compensation, including but not limited to skills, qualifications, geographic location, accomplishments, experience, credentials, internal equity and business needs, and may vary from the range listed above.
Regional benefits:

Health care including medical, dental, and vision insurance
401k Plan with employer contribution

 More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote