Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 Become a Security Analyst for Bloomreach! Be a part of our GIST (GlobalInformation Security amp; Technology) group to safeguard the environment fromthreats, vulnerabilities amp; imposters. The work you do will impact many customers indozens of different verticals in the e-commerce space. Your work will impacthundreds of millions of customers in the online space. Working in one of our Indiaoffices or from home on a full-time basis, youll become a core part of the SecurityOperations Team.
Your job will be (but not limited to)
 Monitor, analyze, and interpret securitysystemapplication logs for events,operational irregularities and potential incidents Manage, coordinate and escalate issues as appropriate Use security dashboards andor proactive identification approaches to detectanomalous activities Monitoring Cloud infrastructure for security-related events Monitoring threatvulnerability landscape and security advisories, coordinateand escalate as appropriate Work with application security teams, product specialists, GRC, legal teams onactive incidents andor investigations Participate in a major incident call, document incident report amp; RCAsummaries Review, assess amp; conduct risk assessments of applications integrated withBloomreach systems Document, follow and execute Standard Operating Procedures Understand use cases, playbooks, contribute to knowledge base articles Research for threats, intel reports, vulnerability reports, likelihood of theirimpact to Bloomreach systems Work on incidents, service requests as per ITIL standards Own responsibilities within a shift with a growth and upskilling, positivemindset
Professional experience
 3 years of proven hands on experience as part of a 247 Security Operationsteam
 Possess a degreespecialization in the area of Cyber Security with a provenproject dealing in the new age landscape ( Cloud Security, DevSecOps,APIContainer Security, Threat IntelHunting, Vulnerability Management).Candidate should be self motivated amp; independent to learn amp; acquire newskills Knowledge of NIST framework,OSINT standards, MITRE ATTamp;CK framework amp;cybersecurity incident lifecycle is an advantage. Beginner to Intermediatelevel of understanding is mandatory Intermediate functional understanding of IT infrastructure, applicationsecurity, information security, and compliance controls Working knowledge of infrastructure amp; networks components like Firewalls,IDSIPS, VPN, SIEMs, EDRs, Proxies, clusters, microservicescontainer basedapps etc. Knowledge on Cloud environments (AWS, GCP) is a must Willing to work in a rotation shift amp; weekends, stretch when needed Ability to participate in POC for new tools, process enhancements Should possess good analytical, problem-solving, and interpersonal skills.Should be able to apply amp; provide logical reasoningPersonal qualities Possess excellent command on communication in English being a goodlistener, speaker amp; reader You are positively motivated to explore and contribute to areas like threatintelhunting, vulnerability management, incident response and detectionengineering tasks You have had working experience in a global team or can understand dialectsfrom various parts of the world Willingness to go above and beyond job duties to create exceptional value forteam deliverablesYour success story will be:
In the first 30 days you will
 Understand the roles amp; responsibilities of SOC team, in-scope vs out ofscope tasks Read amp; understand SOPs, Policies amp; working procedures of the team Shadow peers in day to day work, overlook tickets, alerts, incidents,understand the current state of ongoing projectsenhancements etc
In the next 30 days you will (60 days from start)
 Start owning incidents, tasks as independent contributor with a peershadowing you Participate in incident related calls, cross teamdepartment meetings Handle SIEMSOAREDR events
In the next 30 days you will(90 days from start)
 You will start documenting or tweaking existing SOPs, processdocument You will bear responsibilities of representing team inforumsmeetingsdiscussions You will write and tweak use casesplaybooks, manage IOCs,firewallrules You will start managing shift alone when needed You will adapt yourself to service improvement mindset and contributeto overall success of the teamMore things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote