Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 About the Role:
We are seeking a motivated Senior Account Manager who loves driving revenue growth and successful outcomes for some of the worlds leading companies including but not limited to Staples, Puma, Neiman Marcus, Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Raleys, Canadian Tire, and Capital One.  
In this role, youll be helping customers optimize their investment in Bloomreachs market-leading, algorithm-driven approach to creating a truly connected customer experience.  You are passionate about growing your book of business with successful customer renewals, upsells and cross-sells. You are a resource quarterback, partnering with internal teams (Product, Marketing, Engineering, Services, Customer Success) to drive meaningful results for your customers. Come join us and be part of the evolution of the digital customer experience!
Your job will be to:

Act as the CEO of your customer book of business, responsible for driving Bloomreach revenue growth with successful renewals, upsells and services growth
Identifying and executing on expansion opportunities within your portfolio of clients
Use your digital technology experience to understand and discuss complex products and identify ways to optimize product performance
Leverage your business acumen to analyze key account metrics, develop strong customer relationships (IT, Marketing), understand customer goals, and identify opportunities for growth
Drive customer success, incremental sales, and secure renewals by partnering with Technical Services, Business Services, Support to drive successful customer outcomes
Operate with a sense of urgency with an outcome  results-oriented approach to customer success

Your success story will be:

In 30 days, you will be familiar with the Bloomreach platform, the team and our internal processes for Account Management.  You will have met the internal team and joined them for client calls.
In 90 days, you will be comfortable with the exact expectations from you in your role, know what resources you have at your disposal to make you successful and have understood your future portfolio, goals and targets.
In 180 days, you will have taken over your own portfolio, running your client QBRs, regular meetings etc.  You will have a plan of how you achieve your targets and contribute to the teams success.

Professional experience

6 years of experience in Account Management, Customer Success, Sales or Consulting, leading large enterprise customers. Focus on platforms providing business value such as commerce, CRM, ERP, HCM, are a plus. Commerce or Digital Experience backgrounds strongly encouraged
Proven ability to drive enterprise sales software deals, exceeding targets in past and current position(s);
Strong understanding of account planning and leveraging an ecosystem, including partners, internal stakeholders, execs, and others to meet objectives
Highly collaborative leadership profile. Action and outcome oriented
Martech  Adtech  Search knowledge is a plus
Subject matter expert in understanding the complex needs of IT and Marketing buyers - and leveraging that knowledge to build strong business relationships with executives. Must have executive presence and understand how to communicate with and deliver wins for executives
Outstanding ability to use your written and communication skills to demonstrate SaaS investment valueROI
Sales is an important component of this role. Must be a professional enterprise seller with a proven history of hitting and exceeding quota. Knowledge and use of CRM and forecasting tools is required
Is a great team player who takes the lead in driving initiatives, working across teams (Product Management, Services, Inside Sales, Field Sales, Engineering, Marketing) and structuring approaches to sales opportunities

Excited? Join us and transform the future of commerce experiences.
The on-target-earnings range for this position is 145,000-200,000. The pay range actually offered will take into account a variety of potential factors considered in compensation, including but not limited to skills, qualifications, geographic location, accomplishments, experience, credentials, internal equity and business needs, and may vary from the range listed above.
Regional benefits:

Health care including medical, dental, and vision insurance
401k Plan with employer contribution

LI-AB1More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote