Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 About the Role:
We are seeking a talented and motivated VP of Product Marketing to join Bloomreachs team. As the VP of Product Marketing you will play a pivotal role in shaping our brands perception and driving revenue growth by developing a compelling product positioning strategy. Working in close collaboration with cross-functional teams, you will gather insights and data from different departments to craft messaging that effectively communicates Bloomreachs value proposition and competitive advantage. 
Your strong leadership skills and ability to prioritize outcomes will enable you to influence and motivate teams to consistently deliver on our brand promise. 
To excel in this role, you must have a deep understanding of Bloomreachs product offering and market, and be able to translate that knowledge into clear and consistent messaging that resonates with our target audience.
Expectations for the role: 

We are seeking an exceptional VP of Product Marketing to lead the go-to-market planning and execution for our expanding portfolio of enterprise SaaS products. This pivotal role requires an individual with a proven track record of informing and driving pricing, positioning, and packaging strategies that can be used for awareness, generating leads, fostering cross-selling, and boosting revenue growth.
As the VP of Product Marketing, you will be instrumental in building the strategy for evangelizing our offering across a range of audiences, including analyst relations, sales, customer meet-ups, eventsspeaking, conferences, and partners. You will lead the research of the market landscape, competitive ecosystem, buyer personas, and customer needs, to inform product positioning and roadmap decisions.
To scale revenue, you will be responsible for identifying our value proposition and simplifying our messaging to its most compelling positioning that clearly articulates why we win, how customers can continue to win with us and translating that to consistent messaging, materials and working cross functionally to keep our position consistent and compelling. You will also lead the process for providing solutions for the most effective marketing and selling of Bloomreachs offerings, whether through better sales enablement, competitive positioning, or external messaging.
In addition, you will be responsible for marketing to the existing customer base to drive up-sell and cross-sell opportunities, as well as marketing the better together story with partners to drive ecosystem fit and co-sales. You will synthesize insights from vast amounts of market research, customer and partner feedback, and competitor products to define unique selling points and market differentiation.
You will be expected to develop an effective network to drive impactful change within the organization, utilizing your exceptional networking skills to build relationships and gain buy-in from key stakeholders at all levels of the company. You will develop and contribute to our roadmap for the adoption of new products and features, working with colleagues across Product, Marketing, Sales, and Services. With their active involvement, you will ensure that change initiatives are implemented successfully and lead to lasting improvements.
As the ideal candidate, you possess a deep industry experience and strategic vision to guide the team in understanding the complexities of our different Product Pillars and positioning us for future growth. Your proven leadership skills will be critical in driving business impact and achieving our strategic goals. As a key member of the executive team, you will collaborate closely with other leaders to develop and execute on cross-functional initiatives that drive innovation and competitive differentiation.
Finally, you will set clear priorities, inspire and coach your team, and strive to achieve extraordinary results. Your ability to collaborate and influence across departments and teams will be critical in driving the adoption of new processes, systems, and strategies. Overall, your deep industry experience, strategic vision, and leadership skills will enable you to deliver measurable impact and help drive Bloomreachs success in the marketplace.

Excited? Join us and transform the future of commerce experiences.
The base salary range for this position is 200,000-275,000. The pay range actually offered will take into account a variety of potential factors considered in compensation, including but not limited to skills, qualifications, geographic location, accomplishments, experience, credentials, internal equity and business needs, and may vary from the range listed above.
Regional benefits:

Health care including medical, dental, and vision insurance
401k plan with employer contribution

 More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote