Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 Are you ready to join our expanding Account Management team and step into the role of an Account Manager (AM)? Were on the lookout for a new team member who will lead our CEE and CIS growth portfolio. The salary starts from 2,900 gross per month plus double OTE commissions, along with stock options and other benefits. Working in one of our Central European offices or from home on a full-time basis,  youll become a core part of the Revenue Team. Could you be the one to bring the sizzle to our team?
The job of Account Manager is to:

own the relationship with key accounts,
ensure re-negotiation of contracts at point of renewal,
identify upsell and cross sell opportunities.

In this role you will be responsible for:

day to day account management,
qualification of new opportunities within existing accounts,
high-level product demonstrations,
being the Subject Matter Expert (SME) for all Engagement CDP solutions and services.

This role reports directly to the Head of Account Management. 
Responsibilities: 

Own a portfolio of existing accounts and take responsibility for their retention and growth (cross-and upsell).
Identify upsell and cross sell opportunities within existing accounts.
Proactively own renewals in key accounts and demonstrate the product value in cooperation with the Customer Success team.
Succeed in a team selling environment, partnering with solution consultants for maximum account penetration and coverage.
Consistently forecast monthly and quarterly performance within a 10 margin of error from actual bookings.
Stay abreast of industry changes and trends.
Confidently communicate the CDP value proposition.
Negotiate deals and contracts at various levels within the targeted account, with primary focusimportance on C and enterprise level negotiations.

Qualifications:

Ideally 3 years of quota carrying experience in online media, selling software or software-as-a-service (SaaS).
Good knowledge of online marketinginternet marketing.
Strong technology skills. Must be able to credibly discuss digital marketing topics.
Able to successfully negotiate and close deals at C-level.
Ability to work and sell in a highly collaborative team environment.
Proven track record meeting and exceeding revenue quota in an account retention and upsell role.
Detail oriented, relationship-building skills, and a focus on a high level of customer service.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including high caliber presentation skills.
Needs to be highly charged, enthusiastic and driven to succeed.
Proficiency in Polish, Russian and English languages

LI-DU1More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote