Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 About the Role:
Reporting to the Chief Accounting Officer, the Director of Revenue will lead the global Deal Desk and Revenue Accounting Operations teams located in Europe and North America. This role will be responsible for the full Quote-to-cash cycle, from managing Deal Desk (structuring of complex, non-standard sales), Order Management, Billing, Collections, Revenue Accounting. In this role you will partner with cross-functional stakeholders including Sales (Go-to-Market team), Pricing, Sales Operations, Customer Success, Legal and FPA. The ideal candidate will have a strong foundation in technical revenue recognition accounting (ASC 606) and negotiating and contracting with customers. This individual will support the quote-to-cash cycle on a global basis by leading a global team focused on operational execution and building scalable and efficient business processes. An important aspect of this role will be to identify and implement process improvements in the quote-to-cash cycle to minimize friction while supporting the companys revenue policies and delivering a high level of support to internal and external customers. Further, this individual will be instrumental in helping build, train, and manage a global team in support of the companys strategic goals around the globe.
Your job will be to:

Manage the deal desk and revenue accounting functions including policies, processes and systems
Lead month-end revenue-related close, reporting and analysis
Solve complex revenue accounting and operational problems with minimal supervision
Play a critical role, in collaboration with FPA and GTM teams, in the Companys quarterly revenue forecasting process
Build a scalable organizational model across the globe that can support the needs of the business today and at 2x3x scale in the future
Participate in discussions with business stakeholders to develop recommended changes to and support the deployment of companys sales process and policies and revenue recognition policy
Actively drive revenue related process improvement initiatives
Design, implement and maintain a control environment

You have the following experience and qualities:

BABS degree in Accounting, Finance or related field
CPA certification or equivalent practical experience
4 years with a Big 4 or mid-tier public accounting firm
15 years experience managing quote-to-cash and revenuetechnical accounting with an accelerated growth public or pre-IPO company in the software or technology industry
Strong technical accounting background (ASC 606) and knowledge of strong internal control environments, preferably within the software industry and including experience with SaaS revenue streams
Experience using NetSuite and NetSuite ARM preferred, experience with similar revenue accounting systems accepted
Experience with QTC systems (CRM, CPQ, Time tracking for professional services, Billing, Collection) and related integration
Excellent written, and verbal communication skills with the ability to work cross functionally
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Ability to prioritize, meet tight deadlines in a fast-paced high growth environment
Usage-based SaaS contract experience a strong plus

Excited? Join us and transform the future of commerce experiences.
The base salary range for this position is 185,000-225,000. The pay range actually offered will take into account a variety of potential factors considered in compensation, including but not limited to skills, qualifications, geographic location, accomplishments, experience, credentials, internal equity and business needs, and may vary from the range listed above.
Regional benefits:

Health care including medical, dental, and vision insurance
401k plan with employer contribution

 More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote