Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 We are looking for a Enterprise Account Executive for the UK  EMEA region. 
The position can be based remotely and may require regular travel. This is a fantastic opportunity to work within a growth company and to make a direct impact.
Responsibilities: 

Drive sales meetings and engagement with the commerce market segment (Retail, Brands, B2B, Manufacturing, Distribution).  You are generally calling on companies above 500M in revenue and representing the entire Bloomreach portfolio, consisting of Engagement, Discovery and Content pillars.
Meet or exceed assigned sales objectives and quotas, and win new logos within the region.  Important to achieve consistent, balanced (quarterly, monthly) pipe build and closing goals 
Expand and grow business relationships with new clients and solution or implementation partners
Work with partner teams, inside sales and presales teams to develop and manage sales enablement tools to ensure you and partners are equipped to compete effectively and to meetexceed revenue goals
Execute plans to increase product exposure and identify key market opportunities and growth areas within the assigned region. Target clients through dedicated sales campaigns with the inside sales team.  Ownership of building and progressing your pipeline
Respond to or assist partners with RFPs, bids and other tenders to grow net new sales

The ideal candidate has:

5 years of field sales experience preferably with an enterprise software vendor in the Digital Marketing space- dealing with new business enterprise software opportunities.  Commerce or marketing software background strongly preferred
Entrepreneurial  growth mindset. Can operate with minimal direction
Proven history of exceeding quota in complex enterprise sales situations. Must have evidence of having closed annual subscriptions of 300k or above
Proven experience selling to and building relationships with senior execs, c-suite, and board. Must have exec presence
Platform selling mentality (not a point solution motion)
Partner first approach. Must be highly skilled at selling with partners (SIs and ISVs) and can prove this  
Challenger profile, re-framing the market to adopt the commerce experience value prop
Highly collaborative. Takes the lead in driving initiatives, working across teams (Product Management, Inside Sales, Sales Engineering, Marketing). Wins as a team
Has excellent commercial communication skills (written, oral and presentation)
Strategic seller. A plan for everything and relentless execution
BABS degree- an advantage but not essential
More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote