Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 Are you looking for a cutting-edge tech stack to work with on a daily basis? We are currently expanding our Platform team and are looking for a new colleague to join as a DevOps Engineer. The salary starts at 4,000 based on your experience level and you can work from home or one of our Central Europe offices on a full-time basis. Are you ready to grow with us?
What tech stack do we have for you?

Python, Golang
Kubernetes, Ansible, Terraform, Gitlab
Google Cloud, GCP PubSub, GCP Bigtable, GCP BigQuery, GRPC  
MongoDB, Redis, Elasticsearch, PostgreSQL, Influxdb, Etcd, Kafka, Zookeeper
Prometheus, Grafana, Sentry

The current projects and challenges include focusing on security in Kubernetes, Auditlog, and SIEM, infrastructure for automatized E2E tests, and pushing automatization to reduce unnecessary toil.
About your team:
The Platform team operates and maintains Bloomreach Engagement core infrastructure built on Google Cloud with security, high availability, and scalability in mind. Our vision is to identify and implement opportunities to achieve a robust, reliable, and efficient infrastructure and development platform. We strongly support DevOps culture: each team is responsible for releasing, operating, and monitoring their own applications.
The role of the Platform Team is to provide a strong foundation upon which all teams can build, for example, manage big infrastructure components like Kubernetes, databases and cloud components mostly in Google Cloud. An important role of the team is also providing support for developers, reviewing design proposals, validating the performance and availability of applications, and sometimes even developing new core application components like logging or authorization.
Tasks and responsibilities:
In the position of DevOps Engineer, youd be expected to work with other Engineering teams to design sustainable infrastructure, microservice solutions, and an efficient and robust production environment. Because Python or Golang is a big part of the daily routine, youll need to be fluent in these languages (or at least willing to learn). 
Additionally, youll be working on a variety of tasks and projects, including automating tools and infrastructure to reduce manual work, monitoring applications and services and taking action to resolve issues, and participating in an on-call rotation as required. 
The ideal candidate will be passionate about learning new things, creative, willing to take the initiative, and able to think outside the box to solve problems strategically. 
What we expect of the candidate:

Knowledge of at least one compiled or interpreted language is a must, Python or Golang preferred
Managing and operating 247 production Kubernetes clusters on Google (or AWSAzure), deploying, debugging
Experience with setting up monitoring, and configuring alerts, on-duty experience preferred, experience with Grafana and Prometheus preferred
Experience with DevOps, OrchestrationConfiguration Management, and Continuous Integration technologies eg. terraform, GitLab, ansible, docker
Preferred experience with cloud-native systems, experience in code-based configuration, load-balancing, auto-scaling, monitoring, networking, security, and problem-solving
Deep understanding of modern database systems, including caching, application of NoSQL, KeyValue, and RDBMS datastores, MongoDB, Redis, Elasticsearch, and PostgreSQL are preferred, and basic knowledge of cloud-based systems (BigQuery, BigTable, Cloud SQL)
Deep understanding of the DevOps philosophy or SRE
Ability to provide technical guidance and educate team members and coworkers on development and operations

Regional benefits:

Monthly lunch entitlement by up to 110 per month
Pension scheme or Health insurance depending on region






LI-DU1




More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote