Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 Become a Business Consultant (US hours) at Bloomreach! If you want to help top e-commerce businesses boost their performance, serve clients and get experience globally and have immediate, tangible results, join our Professional Services team as a Business Consultant. Your salary starts at 2 200 per month, along with stock options and other benefits. You might work in one of our Central European offices or from home on a full-time basis.
Tasks and responsibilities:

As a business consultant you will be responsible for delivering value to Bloomreachs clients through the deployment and use of our Engagement Platform
You will be supporting clients in the implementation phase with business requirements gathering, preparation of the data structure, data migration process and automated programes deployment
You will be a key advisor for clients regarding e -commerce, analytics, data management, digital marketing, marketing automation and emailing  mobile technologies
You will be responsible for building strong relationships with  clients by bringing continuous improvement to their business, maximising utilization of the platform and improving their KPIsROI
In a collaboration with Customer Success Manager you will be responsible for developing  business strategy and a roadmap with clients as well as aligning with them on relevant business goals and critical metrics
On top of the overall knowledge, you will become an expert in chosen part of the platform in order to lead and advise clients and internal stakeholders in a given topic of expertise
You will play a pivotal role in clients onboarding, platform adoption and product features utilization
You will be collaborating with various internal teams to build services focused around the product and contribute for internal process improvement
You will be supporting our US based clients working US hours: 3 pm - 12 am

What we expect of the candidate:

Ideally 2-3 years of experience in a consulting role within a SaaS environment
Working knowledge of at least one of email, sms, social ads in the marketplace, etc.
Experience in the following sectorsfields: online analytics, performance marketing, marketing automation, data science, AB testing, personalisation, campaign optimisation, customer lifetime value, e-mailing automation, reactivation, attribution modelling, prediction, product recommendations,  e-commerce
Knowledge of ecommerce business and business trends, and the ability to understand clients business models and adapt consulting approach accordingly
Excellent consulting skills: clear written and verbal communication, presentation skills, confidence in dealing with business users and stakeholders at all levels of seniority, exceptional organizational skills, proactive problem solving skills
Ability to handle difficult situations in a proactive, goal-oriented, and highly professional way
Proactively maintain the highest level of expertise by deepening your knowledge of the Bloomreach Engagement platform and solutions through internally and externally available learning opportunities, as well as self-study
Native or professional fluency in English.
More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote