Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 Currently expanding our Senior Account Executive team in the United Kingdom.
Could you be one of them?


Main goals of this role:


Conducting business activities to ensure new customer acquisition (commission based)
Lead sales efforts within the UK region, managing the sales process (including price negotiation) all the way to closing business
Developing a strategy for the e-commerce vertical within the UK region to penetrate key prospects (C-level clients), while leveraging multiple team resources, including sales engineers, professional services, marketing and customer support
Perform the necessary sales activities to obtain meetings with C-level clients
Conducting thorough business needs analyses and explaining why CDP is uniquely positioned to satisfy those needs
Managing your CRM system to the highest level in order to ensure accurate reporting and forecasting
Engaging well with clients over webinars, calls, and, in some instances, face-to-face meetings
Preparing client briefs and proposals to the highest level and working autonomously
Demonstrating initiative in your role to grow the business






What we expect of you:


3-5years years of quota-carrying experience (B2B sales) selling software or software-as-a-service (SaaS)
Deep knowledge of onlineinternetdigital marketing technology
A proven track record of meeting and exceeding revenue quota in a Sales Manager or equivalent role
Well-established presence in the local markets with a relevant network
The ability to successfully negotiate and close deals in a highly collaborative team environment
Detail oriented, relationship-building skills, and a focus on a high level of customer service, having a passion for building rapport with clients and helping their businesses
The ability to adapt to new environments and use your own initiative
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including high-calibre presentation skills
Excellent time management skills, positive attitude and a love of selling






What youll like about the role:

Weve asked our current salespeople to tell us what they like about their job with Bloomreach, and this is what they told us:

You sell a world-class product that helps people (No.1 CDP on G2)
Offering a cool thing you know works (check our Customer Success Stories)
Youre in touch with C-level clients and leading e-commerce businesses
Having a job in the worlds most progressive industry  
You can make a killing (generous commission on every signed deal)



More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote