Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 Become a Product Manager for Bloomreach Engagement! The work you do will impact many customers in dozens of different verticals in the e-commerce and retail space. Your work will impact hundreds of millions of customers in the online space globally. Your starting salary will be 3500 per month, along with stock options and other benefits. Working in one of our Central European offices or from home on a full-time basis,  youll become a core part of the Product Team.
What challenge awaits you?
In Bloomreach were on a mission to deliver magical and measurable experiences for people and businesses. While the first 20 years of e-commerce were about learning how to stand-up the store, now it is about learning how to stand-out from the crowd (and Gen-AI is not making it easier). We believe that personalization is the answer.
We are looking for a Product Manager who will join our mission and help businesses to drive personalized experiences on the Web and in the Mobile Apps.
You will be at the helm of our Web  App Package, where your decisions make all the difference. You have the authority to shape its direction, from positioning to development. This role offers you a unique chance to directly impact the growth of this part of the company and contribute to our bottom line. Its a role where your insights and choices truly matter, and you get to be a key driver of success.
Web  App package provides personalization capabilities to the web and mobile applications of our customers. Therefore it is important you understand how our customers are working with the data, and how to utilize them on the web for experimentation and for mobile application personalization to reach their desired outcome. 
This requires good understanding of the technical details, but also transforming them to great user experiences - not only for the users of Engagement, but also for engineers implementing our SDKs on the mobile and web.As a Product Manager for Web  App Package you will be a part of the group of PMs in Execution Stream, which provides personalization capabilities on top of the collected data in all the channels that Bloomeach Engagement offers.
Your job will be to:

Lead the strategy, road mapping, and prioritization for your component 
Own the feature across the whole lifecycle, from opportunity identification, through specification  development to adoption
Discover and identify client business problems, needs, and the larger business objective
Evaluate the impact and value proposition for solving the need for the target client and find the best solution 
Define and articulate what the success looks like and measure it
Coordinate and communicate with internal stakeholders (engineering, design, product marketing, product research, client-facing teams, partnership teams) from both the business  technical side
Support sales department in complex high-stakes enterprise deals in conversations with clients or RFPs.

You have the following experience and qualities:
What we expect of an ideal candidate

Product Management experience in a SaaS company OR 
Web Personalization experience - Hands on experience with some of the following: digital analytics (e.g. Google Analytics), conversion rate optimization, AB and multivariate testing, Google Ads, Google Tag Manager etc. 

This background could help you (not required)

Understanding of underlying technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Product Management experience with a software product which had engineers as target persona

Personal qualities

Adaptable and flexible - Wiling to explore new technologies, new business models, willingness to grow as a person
Determined - The ability to make difficult decisions and trade-offs and follow through
Communication skills - Motivation and willingness to handle difficult situations and being able to talk to customers, internal stakeholders and partner organizations
Independence and self-organization - Navigating through ambiguous situations, being able to prioritize the right things to work on, while juggling multiple projects in different stages of maturity
Execution speed - Push for impact, prioritizing speed over precision to deliver results quickly and iterate if necessary.

LI-DU1More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote