Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 



About your role:




The Project Manager  Service Delivery Manager delivers a magical unboxing experience for our clients while overseeing the whole process from the very beginning to the evaluation. We deliver this experience by pre-integrating our Bloomreach Engagement Platform with the worlds most used products of the e-commerce ecosystem:

Online stores (e.g. Shopify)
Customer Relationship Management systems (e.g. Dynamics)
Loyalty program systems (e.g. Swell)
Marketing automation solutions (e.g. Salesforce Marketing Cloud)
Technology enterprises (e.g. Telenor)
and other e-commerce related platforms and products.

Your colleagues in day-by-day workload:

A Customer Success Manager, who will manage the client relationship and business strategy.
Technical Integrators for more technically demanding integration workstreams
Customer Analytics Consultant(s) for non-technical implementation workstreams
Client teams - you will spend time with our clients in their offices

What youll do:

Plan and manage the projects of implementation of our product to clients websites or online shops:
You will not have to do it on your own! Your main task will be to coordinate work between Bloomreach team and clients teams, mainly from an IT and marketing perspective.
Cooperate with stakeholders towards completion on our and clients side
Manage the project from its kickoff to evaluation and assessment of the results, which includes:
Creating a project timeline in accordance with the agreed scope of work
Defining tasks and required resources
Making short-term and long-term decisions creating value for Bloomreach and its clients
Being a key contact person for a client, which includes prioritizing, tracking, and support
Creating partnerships with our clients
Using the technical attributes of our platform to your advantage 
Challenging, encouraging, and influencing both internal and external teams

What youll bring:

Experience in the following areas (the more, the better): management (project, risk or change), team lead, strategic planning, agile teams
Desire to get through knowledge of business
Fluent in English any of the following is a plus: GermanDutchDanishSwedishFrench
Essential understanding of coding so you can work with our product (no coding included)

Nice to haves:

Certifications in Project Management (PRINCE2 or PMP)
Experience with CDP platform or other business-oriented platform or sector
Understanding frontendbackend technologies, relational databases, and web mechanics
More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote