Bloomreach is the worlds 1 Commerce Experience Cloud, empowering brands to deliver customer journeys so personalized, they feel like magic. It offers a suite of products that drive true personalization and digital commerce growth, including:


Discovery, offering AI-driven search and merchandising


Content, offering a headless CMS


Engagement, offering a leading CDP and marketing automation solutions


Together, these solutions combine the power of unified customer and product data with the speed and scale of AI optimization, enabling revenue-driving digital commerce experiences that convert on any channel and every journey. Bloomreach serves over 850 global brands including Albertsons, Bosch, Puma, FC Bayern Mnchen, and Marks  Spencer. Bloomreach recently raised 175 million in a Series F funding round, bringing its total valuation to 2.2 billion. The investment was led by Goldman Sachs Asset Management with participation from Bain Capital Ventures and Sixth Street Growth. For more information, visit Bloomreach.com.
 What challenge awaits you? 
As a Director of Technical Program Management, you will be primarily responsible for leading, operationalizing, and managing the release programs of Bloomreach Engagement and Discovery products. You will work closely with key partners across the engineering and product teams , champion global initiatives into their organizations, leveraging change management techniques and clear communication. 
You will be responsible for sharing our release plans, priorities, and business requirements to groups throughout the organization such as Revenue, Marketing, and Customer Success and drive cross-functional programs to ensure adoption of our application releases across the entire company.
Finally, you will also be responsible for developing operational workflows for product delivery, creating reporting mechanisms, streamlining internal processes, driving operational efficiencies, and providing executive level program updates. 
In order to be successful in this role, youll be able to lead a multi-product, geographically distributed PMO team, possess strong communication and problem solving skills, have a big picture view, but be able to dive into details, excel at influencing without authority, deal with ambiguity, and be able to understand technical details quickly. You must be comfortable operating in a fluid, agile, and team-oriented environment; bringing order to chaos. 
Your responsibilities will include:

Defineevolve the team charter of the program management function at Bloomreach.
Initiate programs by leading alignment on program scope, release planning, aligning teams on vision, business goals, creating program structure, and securing cross-functional support.
Lead releases with key stakeholders for each product to help make key decisions, remove obstacles, and address key program issues. Be the key driver to ensure business goals are met and support the strategic vision of each program.
Drive Product and Engineering teams through the software engineering release cycle using Agile.
Develop strong partnerships with functional leaders to drive focus on business objectives. Be a trusted partner for executive management to ensure program success. 
Hire, mentor, and develop Program Managers to have a positive impact on the organization and help them chart a fulfilling career path.
Coach your team to define program plans, success criteria, and then execute against the objectives.
Travel regularly to product development centers (US, Europe, India) for in-person workshops and team events.
Be a thought leader within the organization, someone who can help advance our Product  Technology strategy globally and challenge others in the organization to change.

You have the following experience and qualities:

Proven track record of implementing and running large scale SaaS product development programs; solid understanding of the SaaS business model and its product development lifecycle.
Ability to motivate and inspire team members to meet and exceed goals in high-growth environments.
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills with a history of hands-on, detail-orientation. 
Ability to master technical subjects and technologies relevant to the program. 
Deep experience with the software development lifecycle; ability to adjust and apply this knowledge in a dynamic environment using agile methodologies. 
Strong organizational, project management, analysis, and communication skills. 
Comfortable bending between the tactical and strategic.
Ability to successfully partner with all functions across the entire company. 
Lead by example and coach others to facilitate challenging discussions, present to stakeholders of all levels, and craft written communication.
Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience. 

Your success story will be:

In 30 days, you will understand our context, meet all the key stakeholders and get to know the company.
In 60 days, you will craft a program management charter, priorities for the team, and work with RD on driving the release delivery process.
In 90 days, you will have a point of view how to better organize the PMO function at Bloomreach and what changes you want to make going forward.

Excited? Join us and transform the future of commerce experiences.More things youll like about Bloomreach:
Culture:


A great deal of freedom and trust. At Bloomreach we dont clock in and out, and we have neither corporate rules nor long approval processes. This freedom goes hand in hand with responsibility. We are interested in results from day one. 


We have defined our 5 values and the 10 underlying key behaviors that we strongly believe in. We can only succeed if everyone lives these behaviors day to day. Weve embedded them in our processes like recruitment, onboarding, feedback, personal development, performance review and internal communication. 


We believe in flexible working hours to accommodate your working style.


We work remote-first with several Bloomreach Hubs available across three continents.


We organize company events to experience the global spirit of the company and get excited about whats ahead.

We encourage and support our employees to engage in volunteering activities - every Bloomreacher can take 5 paid days off to volunteer.

The Bloomreach Glassdoor page elaborates on our stellar 4.65 rating. The Bloomreach Comparably page Culture score is even higher at 4.95


Personal Development:


We have a People Development Program -- participating in personal development workshops on various topics run by experts from inside the company. We are continuously developing  updating competency maps for select functions.

Our resident communication coach Ivo Veea is available to help navigate work-related communications  decision-making challenges.

Our managers are strongly encouraged to participate in the Leader Development Program to develop in the areas we consider essential for any leader. The program includes regular comprehensive feedback, consultations with a coach and follow-up check-ins.


Bloomreachers utilize the 1,500 professional education budget on an annual basis to purchase education products (books, courses, certifications, etc.)


Well-being:


The Employee Assistance Program -- with counselors -- is available for non-work-related challenges.


Subscription to Calm - sleep and meditation app.


We organize DisConnect days where Bloomreachers globally enjoy one additional day off each quarter, allowing us to unwind together and focus on activities away from the screen with our loved ones.


We facilitate sports, yoga, and meditation opportunities for each other.


Compensation:


Restricted Stock Units or Stock Options are granted depending on a team members role, seniority, and location.


Everyone gets to participate in the companys success through the company performance bonus.


We offer an employee referral bonus of up to 3,000 paid out immediately after the new hire starts.


We celebrate work anniversaries -- Bloomversaries!


(Subject to employment type. Interns are exempt from marked benefits, usually for the first 6 months.)
If this position doesnt suit you, but you know someone who might be a great fit, share it - we will be very grateful!

Any unsolicited resumescandidate profiles submitted through our website or to personal email accounts of employees of Bloomreach are considered property of Bloomreach and are not subject to payment of agency fees.
 LI-Remote