Brain Technologies aims to humanize computation through liberating people from Application Silos and connecting them with products and services through a modeless, fluid experience. Brain is a designers dreamland because our technological breakthrough in an AI that learned to use other AI and software for general purposes breaks down the walls between application and the design limitation of interfaces. We aim to create an ideal environment for our designers to unleash their imagination and rethink what computers could look and feel like with a new degree of freedom. We are looking for a Designer intern to join us in inventing the metaphors and patterns that make up this experience. The Designer intern thinks laterally and finds clarity through making. They are excited about metaphors, and jump at the chance to play with new tools and technologies. They move between engineering and design with fluidity, and values vision over pure craftsmanship. They are flexible about ideas, and uncompromising about doing the right thing.As a Design Intern you will be responsible for 

Work along side with our designers in storyboard, user flows and wireframes.
Contribute to the development of brand identities, style guides, and design systems
Design user interfaces and create prototypes for mobile and web experiences
Incorporate UIUX best practices in website design and layout, and adapt designs for responsive formats
Collaborate with cross-functional and cross-platform teams to ensure a consistent customer experience.
Collaborating with team members on UX deliverables and designs
Successfully communicating the specifics of user centered design process
Advance a strong point of view, backed by personal expertise, design rationale, customer data, and industry trends

ABOUT YOU

Are working towards a Bachelors or Masters degree in Graphical Design, Human-Computer Interaction, or similar field of study
A strong portfolio of relevant design work that conveys an ability to ship successful products people love
Strong communication skills and ability to explain the reasoning behind complex decisions
Comfort with ambiguity in early production definition stages.
Mindset for creating clean, less is more user interface designs.
