Brain is an early-stage startup with an ambitious vision: reinvent human-computer interaction, using the power of Generative AI to allow everyone, not just programmers, to build exciting and useful applications. We have an incredible team, with investments led by Laurene Powell Jobs and Goodwater Capital.As an Generative AI Prototyping Fellow at Brain, youll be building prototypes of next-generation features for our Imagica no-code environment (https:get.imagica.ai). Youll be using your expertise, in design, front end, full-stack development, and NLP to quickly create functioning pieces of the Imagica environment or cutting edge Generative AI applications.How youll contribute to the vision:

Work closely with our Emerging Technology team to identify next-generation breakthrough technical capabilities.
Mock-up the design of how next-generation capabilities can be best surfaced in the Imagica app, and iterate those designs with various internal teams.
Build prototype of back-end for implementing capabilities.
Build prototype of front-end for implementing capabilities.
Interface with Emerging Technology, NLP,  back-end and front-end engineering teams.
Prototype with the latest open-source frameworks and platforms such as langchain, llama-index, pinecone, guardrails, streamlit, function calling, and more

Were excited about you because you:

Are currently pursuing or recently completed a B.S., M.S., or Ph.D in computer science, mathematics, human-computer interaction, UX design, or related field
Have a strong interest and potentially courseworkbackground in AI
2 years experience programming, preferably including Python.
Empathy - you can clearly communicate your thoughts and opinions to others.
You are fearlessly self-driven, yet enjoy helping others meet our goals.
You enjoy solving problems and helping others meet our goals.

We know you work hard! Below are some benefits with working at Brain:

We are a small team. You get to see many aspects of building a great product!
We are also a growing team. We have plans to offer a lot more.
Be a part of something massive and influence outcomes for our business.
The ability to make, own and carry out decisions.

About Brain:Brain Technologies is based in San Mateo, California and was founded by serial entrepreneur Jerry Yue in December 2015 after founding multiple successful tech companies in Beijing including billion dollar company Benlai. Brain currently hosts its growing team in San Mateo, Silicon Valley and Beijing, China.