Brain is an early-stage startup with an ambitious vision: reinvent human-computer interaction, connecting people more naturally with services and products. We have an incredible team, with investments led by Laurene Powell Jobs and Goodwater Capital.
As a Marketing Intern at Brain, youll be working with our Growth and Product team to collaborate in all stages of marketing campaigns. We are looking for an enthusiastic individual who can provide creative ideas to help achieve our companys vision. 
How youll contribute to the vision:

Work with our growth and product teams in tasks to collect and create qualitative and quantitative data from marketing campaigns.
Work along side our product managers in developing product-led growth initiatives. 
Creating social media content, specifically TikTok videos and having an understanding of how media posts go viral.
Experience in creating your own TikTok videos is a plus! 
Design, prepare, and present new campaign and promotional ideas, presentation, and materials.
Social media management and engagement, as well as assist with marketing events and promotional activities.
Contribute to the creation of mock-ups, social media content, and email campaigns.
Collecting and analyzing consumer trends.

Were excited about you because you:

Have a strong interest in marketing, and or currently pursuing or recently completed a college degree in marketing or related field.
Empathy - you can clearly communicate your thoughts and opinions to others.
You are fearlessly self-driven, yet enjoy helping others meet our goals.
You enjoy solving problems and helping others meet our goals.
Ideally on Pacific Time zone

We know you work hard! Below are some benefits with working at Brain:

We are a small team. You get to see many aspects of building a great product!
We are also a growing team. We have plans to offer a lot more.
Be a part of something massive and influence outcomes for our business.
The ability to make, own and carry out decisions.
We are currently remote.

About Brain:
Brain Technologies is based in San Mateo, California and was founded by serial entrepreneur Jerry Yue in December 2015 after founding multiple successful tech companies in Beijing, including billion dollar company Benlai. Brain currently hosts its growing team in San Mateo, Silicon Valley and Beijing, China. If you are interested in Marketing and feel your skills align with the above vision  qualification, please apply to join us today!