Branch is on a mission to help working Americans grow financially. We do this by helping companies accelerate payments and empower working Americans with accessible, fee-free financial services. Were committed to building and delivering more inclusive and transparent financial products.
Come join our team as we develop new ways to improve the lives of working Americans. Our mission starts with empowering our own employees. Have a great idea? Share it today and it might just get implemented tomorrow. As a team member at Branch, your voice and creativity can directly impact the product and company. We not only attract great talent from across the country, but also build teams to help that talent to thrive. That means valuing a diversity of opinions and working styles, while creating a shared belief in innovation, initiative, and winning together. 
We are looking for a high-performing Senior Director of Sales to join our growing team. A successful candidate will not only meet our customer acquisition and revenue growth objectives but be a builder and a leader of new market expansion. Branch aspires to grow our business through the development of new verticals. Although each vertical leverages the Branch product suite, there are differences in the ideal customers, product positioning, partners and sales pitches. The right candidate will be someone who is comfortable identifying and prioritizing opportunities, identifying trends in the sales funnel and finding pockets of predictable growth opportunities. While well celebrate individual sales, were looking for someone comfortable building the architecture of a sales machine and someone with experience leading new market development, building organizations and managing managers. 
Responsibilities

Achieveexceed annual sales targets for the designated vertical teams
Develop and execute a strategic plan to achieve sales targets and expand our vertical strategy. 
Develop vertical by working with your sales team to identifyrefine our ICP and enhance our competitive positioning and product market fit
Accountable for rep expansion plans and developing a leadership team to manage each vertical.
Understand vertical trends - make educated decisions on sub-vertical expansion
Help Account Executive team effectively communicate the Branch value proposition through proposals and presentations
Understand vertical-specific landscapes and trends
Reporting on forces that shift tactical budgets and strategic direction of verticalsaccounts
EnableTrain new Account Executives on the Branch sales process

Requirements

Proven sales executive experience, meeting or exceeding targets
A track record of leading teams opening new markets or launching new products
Ability to build and understand funnel metrics and diagnose trends by leveraging data
Previous experience as a sales executive, sales manager or sales and marketing director
Ability to communicate, present and influence all levels of the organization, including executive and C-level
History of hiring and developing top level sales talent
Proven ability to drive the sales process from plan to close
Proven ability to articulate the distinct aspects of products and services
Proven ability to position products against competitors
Demonstrable experience as head of sales teams, developing client-focused, differentiated and achievable solutions
Excellent listening, negotiation and presentation skills
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
BABS degree or equivalent

Benefits: 

Remote-first work culture (domestic USA)
Branch-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance 
Equity
401k
Flexible time off
Paid company holidays
Paid parental leave

Working at Branch
Branch is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Headquartered in Minneapolis but with employees located all throughout the US, Branch emphasizes transparency, accountability, and trust to create a collaborative environment where our product, engineering, marketing, customer support, customer success, and sales teams can all thrive together.
Our teamwork has enabled us to become an award-winning fintech company, with Branchs innovation and workplace recognized across industries. Branch has been honored by the Webby Awards, Benzinga Fintech Awards, Fintech Breakthrough Awards, Top Workplaces USA, Great Places to Work, and EY Entrepreneur of the Year, Heartland, among others.  
Learn more about our culture, approach, technology, and people here: https:www.branchapp.comabout