Branch is on a mission to help working Americans grow financially. We do this by helping companies accelerate payments and empower working Americans with accessible, fee-free financial services. Were committed to building and delivering more inclusive and transparent financial products.
Come join our team as we develop new ways to improve the lives of working Americans. Our mission starts with empowering our own employees. Have a great idea? Share it today and it might just get implemented tomorrow. As a team member at Branch, your voice and creativity can directly impact the product and company. We not only attract great talent from across the country, but also build teams to help that talent to thrive. That means valuing a diversity of opinions and working styles, while creating a shared belief in innovation, initiative, and winning together.
A Dispute Resolution Analyst will work in our Dispute team within Customer Support to review and facilitate dispute, fraud, and chargeback claims. They will work closely with the Risk department to develop and execute on dispute compliance policies. They will also assist with chargeback claims or ad-hoc fraud operations needs. This team member will be expected to communicate with Branch cardholders during the intake, processing, and resolution phases of a dispute claim. They may also work with Risk on new and emerging fraud or compliance liabilities to find the best processes to resolve those issues.
 Responsibilities:

Assist Branch cardholders with DisputeFraud Resolution while complying with Reg E guidelines.
Manage all aspects of the dispute process from data collection and processing, issuing provisional credits, determining correct reasoning, and final adjudication.
Communicate with internal and external contacts on claim investigations.
Direct customer facing communication, ensuring required communication with cases is delivered in a timely fashion.
Utilize internal software tools to identify common risk factors associated with customer dispute claims. 
Decipher dispute claim details during intake to determine initial eligibility

Accomplish this by working within established parameters individually or partnering with our internal risk department in complex situations.

Interpret customer account transaction ledger data

Speak to account ledger activity 

This may include communicating with team members and customers to clearly explain account ledger activity as it relates to a dispute claim

Identify potential account ledger errors or anomalies and investigate

Understand basic customer facing product functions. 

Assist customers in a cross functional manner to the level of a T1 Card Support associate

Use customer support software to resolve issues including Zendesk, Slack, Jira, Confluence, and internal troubleshooting tools. (training will be included on these tools)
Identify, troubleshoot, and communicate emerging trends and patterns in worked issues

 
Qualifications:

Basic knowledge of payment processing and banking compliance
1-2 years experience in Disputes, Chargebacks, or Fraud Operations
A procedural thinker with good judgment on complex scenarios
Must possess strong communication skills, written and verbal

Benefits: 

Remote-first work culture (domestic US)
Branch-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance 
Equity
401k
Paid time off
Paid company holidays
Paid parental leave

Headquartered in Minneapolis but with employees located all throughout the US, Branch emphasizes transparency, accountability, and trust to create a collaborative environment where our product, engineering, marketing, customer support, customer success, and sales teams can all thrive together.
Our teamwork has enabled us to become an award-winning fintech company, with Branchs innovation and workplace recognized across industries. Branch has been honored by the Webby Awards, Benzinga Fintech Awards, Fintech Breakthrough Awards, Top Workplaces USA, and EY Entrepreneur of the Year, Heartland, among others.  
Branch is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Learn more about our culture, approach, technology, and people here: https:www.branchapp.comabout
 