Branch is on a mission to help working Americans grow financially. We do this by helping companies accelerate payments and empower working Americans with accessible, fee-free financial services. Were committed to building and delivering more inclusive and transparent financial products.
Come join our team as we develop new ways to improve the lives of working Americans. Our mission starts with empowering our own employees. Have a great idea? Share it today and it might just get implemented tomorrow. As a team member at Branch, your voice and creativity can directly impact the product and company. We not only attract great talent from across the country, but also build teams to help that talent to thrive. That means valuing a diversity of opinions and working styles, while creating a shared belief in innovation, initiative, and winning together. 
Responsibilities
The Enterprise Product Manager will serve as the primary liaison between Branch and our enterprise customers. This role involves closely working with customers on product roadmaps, aligning their needs with our strategic direction, overseeing product delivery schedules, and keeping them informed of upcoming product features.

Collaborate with enterprise customers to understand their needs, challenges, and opportunities
Develop, prioritize, and maintain product roadmaps in alignment with company strategy and customer requirements
Manage product delivery schedules to ensure timely and successful releases that align with customer expectations
Serve as the main point of contact for enterprise customers, ensuring they are informed and satisfied with our products and services
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including engineering, design, marketing, and sales to deliver exceptional products
Analyze customer feedback, market trends, and competitor strategies to inform product development
Define and track key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure product success and customer satisfaction
Effectively communicate product plans, benefits, and results to various stakeholders, including executives and external partners

Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in Business, Finance, Computer Science, or related field (MBA preferred)
Minimum of 8 years of product management experience, preferably in the fintechpayments industry
Proven experience working with enterprise customers and managing client relationships
Strong project management skills, with a demonstrated ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines simultaneously
Exceptional communication and presentation skills
Ability to think strategically and execute methodically
Proficiency with Atlassian suite
Experience with agile development methodologies is a plus
Deep commitment to customer satisfaction and ability to build strong customer relationships
Ability to see the big picture and align product strategies with company goals
Exceptional collaboration skills and ability to work effectively across diverse teams
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a solution-oriented mindset

Benefits: 

Remote-first work environment (domestic US)
Branch-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance 
Equity
401k
Flexible time off
Paid company holidays
Paid parental leave

Working at Branch
Branch is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Headquartered in Minneapolis but with employees located all throughout the US, Branch emphasizes transparency, accountability, and trust to create a collaborative environment where our product, engineering, marketing, customer support, customer success, and sales teams can all thrive together.
Our teamwork has enabled us to become an award-winning fintech company, with Branchs innovation and workplace recognized across industries. Branch has been honored by the Webby Awards, Benzinga Fintech Awards, Fintech Breakthrough Awards, Top Workplaces USA, Great Places to Work, and EY Entrepreneur of the Year, Heartland, among others.  
Learn more about our culture, approach, technology, and people here: https:www.branchapp.comabout