 
Branch is on a mission to help working Americans grow financially. We do this by helping companies accelerate payments and empower working Americans with accessible, fee-free financial services. Were committed to building and delivering more inclusive and transparent financial products.
Come join our team as we develop new ways to improve the lives of working Americans. Our mission starts with empowering our own employees. Have a great idea? Share it today and it might just get implemented tomorrow. As a team member at Branch, your voice and creativity can directly impact the product and company. We not only attract great talent from across the country, but also build teams to help that talent to thrive. That means valuing a diversity of opinions and working styles, while creating a shared belief in innovation, initiative, and winning together. 
We are looking for a dynamic, high-performing Account Executive with experience selling financial technology and services in an emerging company setting. These services may be sold remotely via web-based presentations or in person via an onsite meeting. You will be responsible for managing your pipeline to a forecasted number while continuously hunting and closing new business. The ideal candidate has a history of bringing on new business and hitting sales quotas, and loves the challenges that come with outbound prospecting in a competitive market.
You will:

Create detailed business plans to facilitate the attainment of goals and quotas
OwnLearn an Industry territory (Ex. Healthcare, Business Services, Retail)
Manage the entire sales cycle from finding a client to securing a deal
Unearth new sales opportunities through networking and turn them into long term partnerships
Present products to prospective clients in person or via a web-based presentation
Remain in frequent contact with the clients in your responsibility to understand their needs. 
Follow Branchs defined sales process from start to finish
Maintain accurate records of your sales process within a dedicated CRM

We are looking for someone who has:

Proven tech experience (5 years) as an Account Executive or similar; preferably in an emerging organization andor within FinTech.
History of closing 50k ARR Opportunities
Documented success in hitting revenue targets
Knowledge of market research, sales and negotiating principles
Preferred experience in the Fintech space
Knowledge of CRM software (eg. Hubspot) is a plus
Excellent communicationpresentation skills and ability to build relationships
Organizational and time-management skills
Enthusiastic and passionate
BS or BA in business administration, sales or marketing

Nice to haves:

Prior experience at a growth stage fintechInternetsoftware company
Prior experience selling into Retail, Manufacturing, andor Hospitality
Selling into HR Benefits, Financial, or Payroll Departments
Experience selling in the 1099 space

Benefits: 

Remote-first work culture (domestic USA)
Branch-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance 
Equity
401k
Flexible time off
Paid company holidays
Paid parental leave

Working at Branch
Branch is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Headquartered in Minneapolis but with employees located all throughout the US, Branch emphasizes transparency, accountability, and trust to create a collaborative environment where our product, engineering, marketing, customer support, customer success, and sales teams can all thrive together.
Our teamwork has enabled us to become an award-winning fintech company, with Branchs innovation and workplace recognized across industries. Branch has been honored by the Webby Awards, Benzinga Fintech Awards, Fintech Breakthrough Awards, Top Workplaces USA, Great Places to Work, and EY Entrepreneur of the Year, Heartland, among others.  
Learn more about our culture, approach, technology, and people here: https:www.branchapp.comabout