
Branch is on a mission to help working Americans grow financially. We do this by helping companies accelerate payments and empower working Americans with accessible, fee-free financial services. Were committed to building and delivering more inclusive and transparent financial products.
Come join our team as we develop new ways to improve the lives of working Americans. Our mission starts with empowering our own employees. Have a great idea? Share it today and it might just get implemented tomorrow. As a team member at Branch, your voice and creativity can directly impact the product and company. We not only attract great talent from across the country, but also build teams to help that talent to thrive. That means valuing a diversity of opinions and working styles, while creating a shared belief in innovation, initiative, and winning together. 


Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Develop core components for our money movement product
Measure and optimize the performance, scalability, and uptime of backend services
Demonstrate and promote a culture of engineering excellence
Conduct design and code reviews and push the bar for engineering rigor and standards
Collaborate with product management, customer success, and customer support to deliver the best experience for our users
Focus on consistent, cohesive REST APIs and domain driven micro service design to facilitate and orchestrate the service contracts

Qualifications:

Attention to detail and passion for doing great work
5 years of experience in building clean, well architected, distributed, and scalable software
Strong computer science fundamentals, with deep knowledge of data structures, algorithms, and software design
Strong command of Java and Java based microservices with Spring Boot
Experience designing and supporting customer facing RESTful APIs.
Design and implementation of relational database schemas running on PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle, or equivalent
Fluent with unit  integration testing concepts and tools including JUnit  Mockito, or equivalent
Experience with Docker, Kubernetes, git-flow, SonarQube for CICD a plus
BS in Computer Science or equivalent program

Benefits: 


Remote-first work culture (domestic USA)
Branch-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance 
Equity
401k
Flexible time off
Paid company holidays
Paid parental leave

Working at Branch
Headquartered in Minneapolis but with employees located all throughout the US, Branch emphasizes transparency, accountability, and trust to create a collaborative environment where our product, engineering, marketing, customer support, customer success, and sales teams can all thrive together.
Our teamwork has enabled us to become an award-winning fintech company, with Branchs innovation and workplace recognized across industries. Branch has been honored by the Webby Awards, Benzinga Fintech Awards, Fintech Breakthrough Awards, the Star Tribunes Top Workplaces, and EY Entrepreneur of the Year, Heartland, among others.  
Learn more about our culture, approach, technology, and people here: https:www.branchapp.comabout
Branch is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.Must be currently authorized to work in the USA without sponsorship or transfer. No 3rd-parties, please.
