Branch is on a mission to help working Americans grow financially. We do this by helping companies accelerate payments and empower working Americans with accessible, fee-free financial services. Were committed to building and delivering more inclusive and transparent financial products.
Come join our team as we develop new ways to improve the lives of working Americans. Our mission starts with empowering our own employees. Have a great idea? Share it today and it might just get implemented tomorrow. As a team member at Branch, your voice and creativity can directly impact the product and company. We not only attract great talent from across the country, but also build teams to help that talent to thrive. That means valuing a diversity of opinions and working styles, while creating a shared belief in innovation, initiative, and winning together.
We are looking for a hands-on and detail-oriented Revenue Enablement Specialist to join our Revenue Operations team. Reporting to the Director of Revenue Operations, the Revenue Enablement Specialist will focus on executing enablement strategies and managing day-to-day operational tasks to accelerate revenue growth. Youll collaborate across various departments, such as sales, marketing, and customer success, to ensure alignment and effectiveness of revenue-generating activities.
Responsibilities:

Execute the revenue enablement strategy as laid out by the Director of Revenue Operations, including but not limited to training programs, new tool roll-outs, and sales process optimization.
Manage day-to-day operational tasks within the Revenue Operations organization, including data management, reporting, and sales support.
Maintain an up-to-date internal repository of revenue enablement collateral, training materials, and best practices, ensuring easy accessibility for the revenue team.
Collaborate with sales, client success and marketing teams to support lead and pipeline management, from lead generation to deal closure.
Assist in analyzing sales metrics and KPIs to gauge the effectiveness of enablement initiatives and operational efficiencies.
Coordinate with cross-functional departments to implement revenue operations projects and initiatives successfully.
Ensure that all sales, client success and marketing teams are proficient in using enablement tools and CRM systems effectively.
Monitor and update enablement tools, technology, and platforms to ensure they are current and meeting organizational objectives.
Support the Revenue Operations Team in developing performance metrics, revenue targets, and other KPIs, while focusing on their day-to-day tracking and management.

 
Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in Business, Marketing, or related field.
2-4 years of experience in sales enablement, revenue enablement, revenue operations, or a similar role, focusing on operational and execution aspects.
Strong understanding of sales processes and the revenue lifecycle.
Highly proficient in Hubspot, Outreach, Gong, Zoominfo and Google Suite.
Excellent communication skills with an emphasis on clear, concise internal communications.
Detail-oriented, highly organized, and able to manage multiple tasks and projects simultaneously.
A strong team player with a can-do attitude, capable of working effectively in a cross-functional team environment.
Adaptable and flexible, able to pivot tasks and priorities quickly in response to changing needs.

Benefits: 

Remote-first work environment (domestic US)
Branch-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance 
Equity
401k
Flexible time off
Paid company holidays
Paid parental leave

Working at Branch
Branch is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Headquartered in Minneapolis but with employees located all throughout the US, Branch emphasizes transparency, accountability, and trust to create a collaborative environment where our product, engineering, marketing, customer support, customer success, and sales teams can all thrive together.
Our teamwork has enabled us to become an award-winning fintech company, with Branchs innovation and workplace recognized across industries. Branch has been honored by the Webby Awards, Benzinga Fintech Awards, Fintech Breakthrough Awards, Top Workplaces USA, Great Places to Work, and EY Entrepreneur of the Year, Heartland, among others.  
Learn more about our culture, approach, technology, and people here: https:www.branchapp.comabout