Branch is on a mission to help working Americans grow financially. We do this by helping companies accelerate payments and empower working Americans with accessible, fee-free financial services. Were committed to building and delivering more inclusive and transparent financial products.
Come join our team as we develop new ways to improve the lives of working Americans. Our mission starts with empowering our own employees. Have a great idea? Share it today and it might just get implemented tomorrow. As a team member at Branch, your voice and creativity can directly impact the product and company. We not only attract great talent from across the country, but also build teams to help that talent to thrive. That means valuing a diversity of opinions and working styles, while creating a shared belief in innovation, initiative, and winning together. 
We are looking for a dynamic, high-performing Account Executive with experience selling B2B in an emerging company setting. These services may be sold remotely via web-based presentations or in person via an onsite meeting. You will be responsible for managing your pipeline to a forecasted number while continuously hunting and closing new business. The ideal candidate has a history of bringing on new business and hitting sales quotas, and loves the challenges that come with outbound prospecting in a competitive market.
This is a hybrid role, based out of our downtown Tampa office (in-office TuesWedThurs, home office Mon  Fri).
Key Responsibilities:

Prospecting: Work with your dedicated SDR(s) to reach out to your territory and fill your pipeline. There will also be an expectation for you to do your own outbound calling and prospecting. 
Consultative Selling: Conduct thorough needs assessments to understand the unique challenges and goals of prospects, and effectively position our solution as a solution to their problems.
Product Knowledge: Maintain an in-depth understanding of our products, features, and benefits, and effectively communicate these to potential clients.
Pipeline Management: Manage and nurture a consistent sales pipeline, tracking leads, opportunities, and client interactions in our CRM system.
Sales Presentations: Deliver compelling product demonstrations and presentations tailored to the needs and interests of each prospect.
Negotiation and Closing: Lead negotiation efforts, overcome objections, and successfully close deals while achieving or exceeding sales targets.
Collaboration: Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including marketing and customer success, to ensure a seamless customer journey.

Qualifications:

1-3 years of experience as an Account Executive (AE) in a B2B SaaS or technology company
Previous experience as an outbound SDRBDR is preferred
Able to demonstrate sales approach and philosophy 
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Proficiency with CRM software (e.g., Hubspot, Salesforce) and sales automation tools
Self-motivated, results-oriented, and driven to succeed

Benefits: 

Competitive salary with commission structure
Branch-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance 
Equity
401k
Flexible time off
Paid company holidays
Paid parental leave

Working at Branch
Branch is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Headquartered in Minneapolis but with employees located all throughout the US, Branch emphasizes transparency, accountability, and trust to create a collaborative environment where our product, engineering, marketing, customer support, customer success, and sales teams can all thrive together.
Our teamwork has enabled us to become an award-winning fintech company, with Branchs innovation and workplace recognized across industries. Branch has been honored by the Webby Awards, Benzinga Fintech Awards, Fintech Breakthrough Awards, Top Workplaces USA, Great Places to Work, and EY Entrepreneur of the Year, Heartland, among others.  
Learn more about our culture, approach, technology, and people here: https:www.branchapp.comabout