Branch is on a mission to help working Americans grow financially. We do this by helping companies accelerate payments and empower working Americans with accessible, fee-free financial services. Were committed to building and delivering more inclusive and transparent financial products.
Come join our team as we develop new ways to improve the lives of working Americans. Our mission starts with empowering our own employees. Have a great idea? Share it today and it might just get implemented tomorrow. As a team member at Branch, your voice and creativity can directly impact the product and company. We not only attract great talent from across the country, but also build teams to help that talent to thrive. That means valuing a diversity of opinions and working styles, while creating a shared belief in innovation, initiative, and winning together. 
We are looking for a Sales Development Representative to join the Branch sales team. This individual will work directly with our team of account executives to plan and execute on outbound B2B sales strategy to create and drive sales pipeline across various markets. Additionally, you will collaborate with marketing to provide field feedback and assist with campaign follow-up and inbound lead nurturing. The ideal candidate excels at communication and is both competitive and collaborative. A persistent mindset, openness to feedback, and the ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment are necessary for success in this role. Please note - this is a hybrid role, with on-site time in our Tampa office expected each week.
Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Conduct outbound campaigns and generate qualified leads 
AB testing to provide insights to overall campaign success and conversion 
Schedule demos for sales team with qualified leads 
Maintain a complete, accurate, up-to-date sales pipeline and forecast 
Keeps management informed through activity reports, such as daily call reports, and weekly work plans to achieve monthly goals 
Meet and exceed monthly targets and quotas for opportunity generation 
Recommend changes in products, service, and policy by identifying client needs and by staying current with industry trends 
Develop strong relationships with key accounts

Qualifications:

1-2 years in a sales role (B2B SaaS a plus) 
Strong written and verbal communication skills and the ability to simplify topics 
Startup mentality: self-starter, proactive, flexible 
Willingness to learn core technology tools 
A passion for helping customers and building relationships 
Retail experience a plus

Benefits: 

Hybrid work environment (Tampa office)
Branch-paid medical, dental, and vision insurance 
Equity
401k
Flexible time off
Paid company holidays
Paid parental leave

Working at Branch
Headquartered in Minneapolis but with employees located all throughout the US, Branch emphasizes transparency, accountability, and trust to create a collaborative environment where our product, engineering, marketing, customer support, customer success, and sales teams can all thrive together.
Our teamwork has enabled us to become an award-winning fintech company, with Branchs innovation and workplace recognized across industries. Branch has been honored by the Webby Awards, Benzinga Fintech Awards, Fintech Breakthrough Awards, Top Workplaces USA, and EY Entrepreneur of the Year, Heartland, among others.  
Learn more about our culture, approach, technology, and people here: https:www.branchapp.comabout 
Branch is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.