Account Manager 
Remote - Candidates must reside in the USA - Preferably on the East Coast or Midwest
About Brave
Brave is on a mission to protect the human right to privacy online. Weve built a free web browser that blocks creepy ads and trackers by default, a private search engine with a truly independent index, a browser-native crypto wallet, and a private ad network (opt-in!) that directly rewards you for your attention. And were just getting started. Already 50 million people have switched to Brave for a faster, more private web. Millions more switch every month.
The internet is a sea of ads, hackers, and echo chambers. Big Tech makes huge profits off our data, and tells us whats true and whats not. Brave is fighting back. Join us!
Summary
Brave is looking for a talented account manager to join our team. You will manage a portfolio of advertisers and help with the success of their campaigns. As an account manager with Brave, you should have solid experience in marketing with a customer service approach. You will be responsible for the full life cycle of client campaigns. This includes discussing strategic solutions with clients to live campaign management. The ideal account manager is a trusted advisor to the client that is passionate about digital marketing and providing outstanding customer service to Braves growing client base. 
Some of the job responsibilities include:

Build and maintain long term client relationships through excellent customer service.
Manage the gathering and organization of client provided campaign assets for a smooth and timely deployment. 
Assist clients with campaign strategy and best practices. 
Communicate campaign performance insights with clients by generating and delivering regular reports. 
Lead client calls using strong presentation skills to exhibit campaign performance and Braves value.  
Own internal communications regarding campaign objectives, performance, status and client needs.

Requirements

Passion for sales, creativity, and willingness to work in a 100 remote and highly collaborative environment.
Self-motivated and able to thrive in a results-driven environment.
Bachelors degree in marketing, business administration, sales, or relevant field.
2 years of experience in sales, campaign development, or similar role (mandatory).
Excellent communication skills.
Ability to multi-task and manage more than one client account.
Proven results of delivering client solutions and meeting sales goals.
Attention to detail
Excellent listening, negotiation, and presentation skills. 

Working at Brave

Industry-leader in privacy, with a research and engineering team thats innovating everyday to keep people safer online and beat Big Tech
Highly competitive salaries  benefits, and generous home-office stipends
Fully remote team (no office, no commute)
Welcoming, humble, ridiculously smart teammates, and a truly flat org structure
Opportunity to get in early at a hyper-growth company, and revolutionize the web
Oh, and did we mention Brendan, our CEO  co-founder, invented JavaScript?

Salary is 75,000.00 to 85,000.00 plus bonus
Check us out
LinkedIn  Glassdoor  brave.com