User Support Engineer for Premium Products 
About Brave
Brave is on a mission to protect the human right to privacy online. Weve built a free web browser that blocks creepy ads and trackers by default, a private search engine with a truly independent index, a browser-native crypto wallet, and a private ad network (opt-in!) that directly rewards you for your attention. And were just getting started. Already 50 million people 
Already 50 million people have switched to Brave for a faster, more private web. Millions more switch every month.
The internet is a sea of ads, hackers, and echo chambers. Big Tech makes huge profits off our data, and tells us whats true and whats not. Brave is fighting back. Join us!
Summary
Brave is looking for a talented User Support Engineer to join our team. You will build trust with users through prompt problem resolution.  As a User Support Engineer with Brave, you should have solid experience in client facing roles, preferably in the internet industry. You will support all of Braves line of Premium Products with our growing user base.  
Responsibilities would include:

Provide dedicated Zendesk Support for Brave Premium Products 
Identify and assess customers needs to achieve satisfaction
Manage large amounts of incoming messages.
Triage customer complaints with internal team members, provide appropriate solutions and alternatives within the time limits; follow up to ensure resolution.
Build trust with users through prompt and professional communication.
As time allows provide deepened coverage across Community, Reddit, Twitter
Creating clear and concise documentation in the form of runbooks, tutorials, technical tips, and knowledge based articles.
Creating weekly reports detailing issue trends 

Essential Skills

Excellent customer service and communication skills, and the ability to talk tech with our staff at all levels (and ensure they understand what youre saying!)
Good working knowledge of Google Suite, Slack, Zendesk. Github experience is preferred.
Ability to multitask, prioritize, and manage time effectively

Bonus Points

Familiarity with Brave and BAT
Familiarity with VPNs

Working at Brave

Industry-leader in privacy, with a research and engineering team thats innovating everyday to keep people safer online and beat Big Tech
Highly competitive salaries  benefits, and generous home-office stipends
Fully remote team (no office, no commute)
Welcoming, humble, ridiculously smart teammates, and a truly flat org structure
Opportunity to get in early at a hyper-growth company, and revolutionize the web
Oh, and did we mention Brendan, our CEO  co-founder, invented JavaScript?

Salary is 60,000 to 70,000 Annually. 
Check us out
LinkedIn  Glassdoor  brave.com