At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
Braze is seeking a highly experienced Area Vice President of Sales to lead our expansion in the LATAM Region. You will be responsible for driving go-to-market strategy and execution in the region, including standing up a new sales team, managing our regional partner network, and aligning resources across those channels.  Your extended go-to-market team will navigate both large, complex opportunities and higher volume transactions, ensuring that business outcomes are consistent and predictable. 
As the AVP of Sales, you will play a crucial role in overseeing new and existing business ACV quota and renewals.  You will be the executive face of Braze in LatAm, and will represent Braze within the local ecosystem of employees, customers, partners, resellers and other stakeholders.  Your extensive knowledge of the complex technology and cultural landscape in the region will be vital to Brazes success, and you will be the internal advocate for the region as we continue to invest in LatAms success. 
Responsibilities: 

Develop and execute a strategic customer acquisition, retention and expansion strategy that aligns with our overall business objectives
Own direct sales, resellers and mixed-modelco-seller strategy throughout LATAM.  
Manage a team across various sales functions, collaborating with them on identifying and nurturing key opportunities to drive high value deals. 
Collaborate with our Global Partnerships team to implement effective partner management programs, enabling resellers to maximize their potential and contribute to our sales goals.
Collaborate with finance and leadership teams to develop accurate sales forecasts and budgets. 
Contribute as a key driver to the future expansion of Braze in LATAM markets, from both a strategic and field execution perspective
Represent Braze in the region at industry events, and at customer and partner meetings; and serve as a key face of the brand across the region as we look to increase awareness and market penetration 
Collaborate with go-to-market teams including Business Development, Account Management, Marketing, Solutions Consulting, and Executives to ensure the successful execution of the FY plan and present a unified vision to customers and the marketplace
Manage the overall execution of the sales and go to market strategy, providing accurate sales forecasting to the broader business. 
Recruit, nurture, and performance manage a team of exceptional sales leaders and professionals and build the region into a significant contributor to Brazes overall growth.
Act as a proactive representative within the senior leadership team, and as the advocate for the regions priorities and needs
This role will require travel between LatAm business capitals on a frequent basis and to the US at least quarterly

WHO YOU ARE

A minimum of 12 years of proven experience in SaaS sales, ideally within a technologically complex product environment. You should possess expertise in both mid-market and enterprise sales, with a consistent track record of exceeding quota and revenue goals
At least 8 years of experience managing a LATAM team of sales leaders and individual contributors, preferably in the marketing technology industry
Demonstrated experience in and mastery of value selling and strategic solution selling approaches
A deep understanding of the technology landscape across the LATAM region, including key markets, effective practices, business norms and cultural nuances between nations;  fluent Portuguese, Spanish and English - strong written and verbal English skills are essential.
Strategic POV on where to invest within the region and how, as well a demonstrated ability to launch and successfully grow in developing markets
Experience in various sales models, including direct, utilizing resellers as well as co-sell models, navigating amongst them, and minimizing and mitigating conflict.
A strong track record of recruiting, developing, and retaining high-performing sales organizations
The ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams such as Marketing, Customer Success, Finance, Integrations  Onboarding and Sales Operations
A proven ability to build connections with industry subject matter experts and customer profiles
Up-to-date knowledge of digital and application trends, particularly in the mobile and marketing technology space
Demonstrated success in navigating large organizations and identifying key decision makers processes for large SaaS investments
Strong operational and analytical abilities
Excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills
WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.