At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO 
As a Technical Support Specialist, you will be an essential part of our Global Technical Support Team that owns the post-sale technical relationship with our customers.
Your focus will be to own, prioritize, troubleshoot, and build a response plan for complex inbound customer support issues relating to our platform. You will work in coordination with your Global Technical Support teammates to ensure that our customers are able to quickly and successfully overcome any technical issues they may face when using our platform. You may be asked to be available for an on-call rotation to cover the occasional holiday shift. Youll also regularly contribute to our knowledge database, helping to pay it forward allowing teammates and customers to learn quickly from your insight. Want to learn and grow in the role? Perfect! We will give you plenty of opportunities to become a subject matter expert in the Braze platform and you will be challenged with stretch projects and goals that will help you learn about coding, project management, product marketing, expand your own Braze product knowledge, tooling and automation, mobile ecosystems and so much more.
WHO YOU ARE
People say youre a great communicator and top-tier problem solver. You have exemplary written and verbal communication skills with unparalleled follow-up skills. You leave people with the impression that you are really listening to them, understand their problem, and youre there to help. You look for every opportunity to make things better and youre all about the team. You get a thrill from helping customers and you know that even though the job isnt easy, youre making a difference each and every day. Youre naturally curious and you see every problem as an opportunity to learn more or help others (teammates or customers) learn more too.
WHAT YOU HAVE

Strong written and verbal English skills are essential
Degree from a college or university or similar technical experience-based proficiency level
2-3 years experience supporting a technical product, ideally in SaaS or Mobile
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and an empathetic customer-centric attitude
Experience handling time-sensitive, pressure-intensive customer issues
Ability to juggle and deliver against multiple projects andor responsibilities in heightened levels of urgency
Ability to be part of an on call after-hours rotation team
Understanding of Case Management tools like Salesforce, Zendesk or similar CRM ticketing systems
Talent for synthesizing complex ideas and communicating them in a way others can easily understand
Bonus:

Background in SaaS
Experience in mobile platforms (Android, iOS)
Experience with APIs, HTML, CSS, Ruby, Javascript or other programming language
Project Management Experience


WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.