At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
We are seeking a hands-on detailed oriented Accounting Manager to serve as the operational accounting lead on a growing team. This position will be directly responsible for the hiring and supervision of a local team in Romania and South Korea. Reporting to the Senior Manager, Corporate Accounting, the successful candidate will own a variety of month-end and quarter-end tasks. This position requires a person who performs at a high level of accuracy and efficiency, is well organized, and demonstrates ownership and initiative to accomplish goals. Additionally, the candidate will be innovative to drive efficiencies through continual evaluation of our systems and business processes. In this role, you will be expected to be a key contributor and have exposure to Senior Management.

Own the month-end closing activities including preparation andor review of critical GAAP journal entries, account reconciliations, preparing and reviewing financial reporting and flux analysis
Manage the day-to-day transactional accounting activities, including cash, prepaids, fixed assets, accruals, payroll accounting, operating expenses, account reconciliations and other general ledger areas assigned across multiple legal entities
Coordinating and supporting statutory compliance and audits for Brazes international entities
Responsible for the local IFRS Accounting and compliance 
Assist with implementing accounting policies and procedures that ensure all financial transactions are executed according to GAAP principles
Responsible for identifying and implementing improvements in work processes including automation and SOX compliance, documenting and monitoring internal controls related to areas assigned 
Continually evaluate current state and drive change for greater efficiency and improvements in month end close processes
Interface with external accountants during year-end audits and quarterly reviews, including preparation and review of PBC list items
Collaborate and coordinate with various business partners to obtain required financial reporting information and develop improvements to the financial reporting process
Manage key accounting systems and lead participate in system optimization initiatives
A people manager of an agile and lean accounting function responsible for staff hiring, performance, development and performance appraisals

WHO YOU ARE

Bachelors Degree in Accounting or Finance
6 years of progressive accounting experience, with at least 2 years of experience supervisingmanaging accounting staff
Big 4 or large global accounting firm experience is preferred
Chartered Accountant andor MBA strongly preferred
Excellent knowledge of US GAAP and SOX
Experience working in a high-growth, publicly traded company, strongly preferred
Solid organizational, analytical, and verbal  written communication skills.
Strong Microsoft Excel and gSuite skills required.
Solid experience using NetSuite and FloQast, is preferred
Solid experience optimizing Accounting  Finance processes
Excellent verbal and written communication in English are essential with interpersonal, analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills
Experience working with international teams across time zones, and strong prior experience with intercompany accounting and consolidation
Can read and speak Portuguese is preferred
Ability to work in a dynamic fast paced environment, successfully juggling multiple entities, projects, and deliverables
WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.