At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
Braze is looking for a Marketing leader to build and execute our regional marketing strategy in LATAM. Reporting to the VP of Global Demand Generation, this role will develop region-specific marketing programs focused on new business acquisition for LATAM through a portfolio of programs designed to create and capture demand. 
The role will be responsible for creating market development plans, inbound marketing campaigns, high touch activations, events, and ABM outbound motions. This is our first marketing hire in LATAM and you will need to have a mix of entrepreneurial prowess and strategic mindset to help us build and scale our business in the region.
You will work cross-functionally to implement and expand foundational marketing programs and processes, and apply a new geo-centric strategy that supports local teams revenue attainment. The role is part liaison, part advocate, and part strategic consultant. It requires a strong and differentiated marketing background, experience working in a matrixed environment, utmost organization of priorities, and the ability to empathize with, and advocate for the LATAM region.
Responsibilities include:

Lead the LATAM Regional Marketing strategy and ensure execution delivers on revenue goals.
Partner with LATAM Sales, Partnership, and Success leaders, as well as the Global Marketing teams, to develop and build programs that are scalable and predictable for LATAM markets.
Serve as the voice of the region with respect to regional nuances and differentiators tofrom the field that will allow for a constant feedback loop, externally and internally, to iterate and evolve programs.
Create repeatable, predictable programs that build off of global demand generation activitiesfrom concept and implementation to optimization and ensure activations continue to scale across channels (online and offline) to expand the Braze footprint in the region.
Be a thought leader for the brand and serve as a host of specific activations, as well as co-lead custom programs with local leadership; deep knowledge of demo environments and market positioning capabilities are a must. 
Deliver on demand generation metrics and OKRs with a laser focus on data, specifically leading the local forecasting, measurement, and analysis of the LATAM Marketing strategys impact.
Travel into various markets and interface directly with customers, prospects, and partners to support lead generation and pipeline development efforts including hands-on involvement in execution of live programs.

WHO YOU ARE

10 years experience in areas of marketing
Experience at B2B SaaS company
Experience with regionalized pipeline generation strategy and implementation, including working closely with Sales, Partnership, and Customer Success teams.
Experience with digital marketing, events, account based marketing
Highly developed interpersonal and communication skills to work with and maintain long-term relationships with peers, customers, prospects, and influencers
A self-starter with the ability to work independently and as part of a team
Ability to juggle multiple, demanding tasks simultaneously and with accuracy
High aptitude for looking at problems as opportunities, and working cross departmentally to create unique solutions to solve them for the benefit of regional programs andor the company
Familiarity with tech and marketing communities; familiarity with SaaS business communities
Experience working in a high-growth, high intensity environments
Travel in the region required
Bachelor degree required
English  Portuguese fluency required, strong written and verbal English skills are essential. Spanish good to have
WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.