At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHO YOU ARE
We are looking for a seasoned sales professional to join our Strategic Accounts team. Candidates will need extensive experience with both new logo acquisition and global account management responsibilities, with a track record of closing large, complex deals. The ideal candidate will have at least 10 years selling SaaS Solutions to large enterprise clients where typical deal size ranges from 500K - 1m  year.  
Additionally, we are looking for those who have experience working with globally distributed Fortune 50 companies,  and understand the nuance of building consensus across large teams and business units. Ideally, your product sales experience focuses on complex solutions selling, with  experience leveraging a robust partner ecosystem. Prior experience should include collaboration with marketing and sales development teams, including guidance and input into the lead generation process.
WHAT YOULL DO

Manage day to day account management for a globally distributed enterprise.
Navigate complex sales cycles for high value new logos.
Coordinate account support and growth leveraging cross-functional internal teams.
Create and maintain strategic account plans and own overall client relationship coordination.
Facilitate thought leadership and industry insights leveraging both client relationships and internal experts.

WHAT YOU HAVE

Background in large Enterprise Sales for Mobile or Marketing Technology required
Outstanding verbal, written and stand up presentation skills
Prior experience with Salesforce.com CRM, or other CRM used to manage sales pipeline, required.  Demonstrated ability to quickly come up to speed on new cloud apps and tools.
A proven connector in your daily life through social media and other mediums
Up-to-date on digital and data trends.
Proven success navigating large organizations and ability to quickly identify the decision makers and the decision making process for large SaaS investments
Prior experience in a startup technology company a plus

For candidates based in the United States, the pay range for this position at the start of employment is expected to be between 147,500 and 165,000year with an expected On Target Earnings (OTE) between 295,000 and 330,000year (including bonus or commission). Your exact offer may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition to cash compensation, Braze offers full- and part- time employees a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants of restricted stock (RSUs) so that all Braze employees own a piece of our company. WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.