At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
As a Technical Account Manager, you will own the ongoing technical relationship through the entire lifecycle of customers in your portfolio, collaborating very closely alongside the Customer Success and wider account teams. This role will serve as a trusted technical advisor responsible for defining the Braze technology strategy for customers who have purchased the TAM premium service offering and helping them unlock value from their use of the Braze platform.
Your focus will be to drive value, retention, and adoption of Brazes product through the customer lifecycle, acting as the technical counterpart between Braze and your clients product and engineering team. You will be responsible for understanding your customers needs and proactively driving forward technical initiatives that help your customers achieve their business goals. 
Youll manage a portfolio of named accounts, typically in the Enterprise and Strategic classification of accounts, a tier of customers with enterprise organizational structures and architectures, posing unique geographical, scale, and complexity challenges.
This is an opportunity to bring your experience as a product and implementation expert, business analyst, problem solver, and customer success professional along with a high level of product and technical competence, delivering high-impact engagements that drive tangible outcomes for some of Brazes most advanced customers.

Youll be responsible for client success, partnering with the Customer Success Team to own the technical relationship for your assigned accounts and help drive technical adoption, accelerated technical value, and continued technical maturity.
Help customers successfully instrument Braze across their stack and refine that instrumentation over time as their use of Braze matures and becomes even more valuable, which in turn contributes to renewals and upsells
Facilitate conversations regarding the customers desired use case, conducting discovery, and recommending solutions based on their unique needs and architecture. 
Support and advocate for day-to-day inquiries and requests to support optimization and value through the customer lifecycle
Empower customer product and engineering teams to use our product as independently and efficiently as possible, communicating with customers and internal teams to explain products and solutions by delivering enablement and education
Adopt governance practices such as creating solutions documentation and building architectural diagrams, and drive progress against key technical work streams through project management 
Instill best practice and engineering excellence amongst your customer portfolio by validating product use cases and technical feasibility for product launch and translating the customers unique requirements to Brazes Product team. 

WHO YOU ARE

3-5 years client-facing experience as a TAM or in a related technical area such in Implementation, Technical Support, or Solutions Architecture, for a product offering serving EnterpriseStrategic accounts.
3 years of technical experience in managing complex customer environments with strong product command and technical knowledge of two or more of the following: SaaS, Mobile, API, or Programming
You are an excellent communicator (written and verbal skills), with demonstrable customer communication and coordination efforts, and the ability to take complex technical ideas and translate them to non-technical stakeholders
You are a natural problem solver with a high level of intellectual curiosity and love working amongst a team to solve those problems. 
You are able to maintain a high level of productivity, manage multiple competing priorities, and work effectively under the pressure of time constraints in a fast-paced, complex, and collaborative environment.
You may have bilingual skills beyond English that facilitate us talking with our global customer base in their native language. Please note that this is not a requirement for the role but something that we welcome in our team. 
WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.