At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
Braze is looking for an experienced product marketing manager to join our Marketing team. The Senior Product Marketing Manager, Data will be responsible for supporting delivery the go-to-market strategy and narrative for our data-centric products, features, and partner integrations. As we strive to accelerate our growth in the coming years, were looking for an enthusiastic marketer to position and drive the success of our holistic data capabilities.
Reporting to the Director, of Product Marketing, Data, you help build the infrastructure necessary to deeply understand relevant personas, craft differentiated positioning and messaging, bring new data products and features to market, and amplify our data story through marketing campaigns and collateral, and GTM enablement.  
The ideal candidate must be a world-class problem solver, be able to translate technical concepts into simple stories, and be comfortable in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment. Key performance indicators include pipeline generation and maturation, deal velocity, win rates, ACV, market leadership, and product adoption.
Responsibilities: 

Crea and socialize relevant personas
Work closely with Product and Alliances teams to develop a strong understanding of our existing data integrations and capabilities
Conduct market and customer research to help different teams (e.g. Product, GTM, Demand) act on emerging trends, market shifts, competitive threats, and unmet customer needs
Deliver jargon-free, differentiated positioning and messaging that fuels campaigns, press, content, and enablement to support business objectives
Lead product launches and releases for new data products, features, and integrations
Partner with enablement teams to ensure that the entire GTM function has the appropriate training and tools required to successfully speak to our evolving data capabilities
Monitor the business health of our data products, identify opportunity areas, and create action plans to achieve continued success
Continuously improve product marketing processes and set best practices for working with cross-functional stakeholders

WHO YOU ARE

7 years of working experience, including 3 years of experience managing product marketing teams at high-growth B2B SaaS companies
MartechCDPrETL software experience preferred
Metrics-driven and focused on driving incremental results
Strong technical literacy with the ability to simplify complex concepts
Proven experience collaborating successfully with cross-functional stakeholders, including senior executives (e.g. Sales, Marketing, Product, Strategy  Ops, Alliances, Enablement, Customer Success)
Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously, while focusing the right level of effort on each
Self-starter with a track record of thriving in a fast-paced environment
Demonstrated critical thinking and decision-making skills to promptly navigate obstacles, resolve issues, and effectively advocate for your team
Natural curiosity and empathy for customers and their challenges

For candidates based in the United States, the pay range for this position at the start of employment is expected to be between 140,800 and 154,000year with an expected On Target Earnings (OTE) between 160,000 and 175,000year (including bonus or commission). Your exact offer may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition to cash compensation, Braze offers full- and part- time employees a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants of restricted stock (RSUs) so that all Braze employees own a piece of our company. WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.