At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
The Director, People Systems and Data is responsible for all people related technology deliverables and the development and deployment of the systems that support those deliverables. This highly strategic and impactful role requires the right combination of creativity, technical expertise, interpersonal skills, and a bias for action. This role will oversee a global team of 10 individuals including managers and analysts and will be responsible for optimizing our current systems, designing and implementing a robust data analytics strategy, and providing regular support and actionable insights to our leaders. This is an opportunity to shape and drive our people systems and data strategy.

Develop and execute strategies to improve the performance of HR systems and data
Lead all HR systems and data initiatives, projects, and implementations 
Leverage people data to solve complex business problems and proactively uncover insights and opportunities to share with leadership 
Manages risks and issues with executive leadership and works to resolution
Directs data team to ensure data integration, reportinganalytics feeds, security and testability standards are upheld and operating smoothly 
Ensures that HR tech stack is efficiently designed and optimized 
Work with 3rd party consultants and external vendors to ensure quality and timely support when needed
Manage relationships and coordinate work between internal teams such as Talent, Compensation, Finance and Payroll 
Represent the HR tech team on all project and stakeholder meetings and obtain buy-in from senior management for all key projects, commitments and changes including requirements, timelines and scope changes. 
Lead, mentor, and grow a team of HRIS and data professionals, including hiring and onboarding.
Develop and communicate a clear vision for the People Systems and Data team, moving the team from a transactional role to a strategic one.
Optimize our current HRIS, Workday, and other tech stack components, including Aeqium and Greenhouse, to improve efficiency and user experience.
Develop a point of view on data strategy and implement it, ensuring that our people data is accurate, reliable, secure.
Provide actionable insights based on people data to our leaders, enabling them to make informed decisions.
Play a significant role in the broader systems community, representing our organization and staying abreast of industry trends and best practices.
Partner closely with business leaders across the organization to understand their needs and provide effective people systems and data solutions.
Oversee global expansion initiatives, MA activity, and systems consolidation efforts

WHO YOU ARE

Proven experience in a similar role as a senior leader overseeing a global team
Extensive experience with HRIS and Payroll systems, ideally Workday, Greenhouse, and ADP
Must have worked in a SOX compliant environment previously 
Must be able to develop a clear strategic plan for the team and prioritize OKRs and workloads accordingly
Excellent communication skills and high emotional intelligence, with the ability to articulate a clear vision and strategy for the team and build relationships across the business
Must be able able to stay highly organized while working in a fast paced environment with constant change 
Extreme sense of ownership and accountability with a bias for action
Strong data analysis skills and must have a passion for leveraging data to solve complex problems
Experience with expansion and MA activity is a plus.
Must be willing to travel up to 15 of the time. 

For candidates based in the United States, the pay range for this position at the start of employment is expected to be between 172,000 and 217,000year with an expected On Target Earnings (OTE) between 210,000 and 265,000year (including bonus or commission). Your exact offer may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition to cash compensation, Braze offers full- and part- time employees a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants of restricted stock (RSUs) so that all Braze employees own a piece of our company.WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.