At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
Were looking for an Engineering Manager for our SDKs Fullstack team, which is responsible for building and scaling several of Brazes core products and growth areas - Feature Flags, SDK Authentication, and Braze Actions. We own message definition, composition, journey-building, and analytics for our products, including a feature-rich dashboard that allows our customers to compose messages and a highly parallelized platform for sending and processing messaging-related events at scale.
You will help us expand the flexibility and power of our product portfolio by helping architect, build and optimize message performance, features, and product enhancements. Youll participate in architecture planning, pull request reviews, and recruiting. Additionally, youll optimize processes for the teams success, facilitate discourse, support engineers growth, and work with the teams product manager to keep team efforts on target for product goals. Youll ensure that your engineers are successful in their tasks and enjoy their work!
WHO YOU ARE

5 years of relevant experience with a strong track record of success, with 1 years managing high performing teams
Have strong opinions about how code should be written, as well as good development practices
Excellent communication skills and a user-centric attitude
Calm, patient, considerate, compassionate, supportive, and encouraging
Strong organizational skills and ability to keep track of multiple streams of work at once
Experience with agile processes and tools such as JIRA
Experience with HTMLjs, Web development, React, Ruby, Ruby on Rails, distributed systems, MongoDB, Redis, Datadog, EC2, Kubernetes could all be beneficial
WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.