At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
The Office of the Chief Business Officer (CBO) is seeking an Executive Assistant  Business Operations Lead to drive rigor and consistency across day-to-day operations for the CBO Organization. We are looking for a self-motivated, highly organized and high-energy Executive Assistant (EA), to provide support for the Chief Business Officer (CBO). You are a strong self-starter, and can operate with autonomy.  You are great at collaborating cross-functionally to ensure cohesive and efficient communications with the CBO Org and know how to manage discretion and confidentiality.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Maximize effectiveness of the Office of the CBO by scheduling, updating, and maintaining Executive Calendars with limited guidance.
Partner closely with the Director of Business Operations to implement business processes and cadences that support execution of both Marketing and GTM initiatives.
Support ongoing change management required in the execution of any new processes or materials.
Design and implement strong protocols for how CBOs time is utilized, supporting global teams in multiple locations and time zones with limited guidance.
Anticipate needs of the CBO and Senior Leadership Team to create operational and administrative processes that increase cross-functional collaboration, and efficiency.  
Exercise judgment to create efficient meeting cadences across the executive team, and CBO direct reports with limited guidance.
Oversee expense management, ensuring accurate and timely submissions across the Department.
Plan and organize internal and external programs and events, including, but not limited to: leadership team meetings, All-Hands agenda, and team offsites.  Manage event logistics in collaboration with internal partners and external vendors.
Manage new and unexpected asks with strong attention to detail with a focus on efficiency and quality of execution.  
Operate with high-level of discretion to handle sensitive company information, streamlining preparation processes for both internal and external meetings, including Braze Inc. Board of Directors, and Quarterly Earnings Calls.  
Manage travel coordination and expense reporting.  
Help CBO with project management, new hire onboarding tasks.  

WHO YOU ARE

5 Experience supporting a high level executive in a fast paced environment
Experience in collaborating and communicating with senior leadership team
Strong experience with productivity, project management and travel management apps
Experience in leading projects, developing scope, managing schedules, and following up with stakeholders appropriately
Superior organizational skills including excellent written and verbal communication
Energetic approach to work
Willing to travel (Less than 5)
WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.