At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
Braze is at an inflection point in our maturity, where a key focus of our work is on Scalability, Observability, and Reusability. Reporting to the Vice President of Technology Services and Chief of Staff, Engineering, youll focus on major incident management, process management, program management, and release management. The Office of the CTO is focused on ensuring that Braze is operating as a technology-first business, with process, policy, and support in place to manage growth and scale. Youll be ensuring that programs and processes that span or are required by multiple engineering departments are standardized, followed, and improved over time. 

Create, communicate, and execute the incident response strategy and actions for individual incidents (spanning Security, IT, DevOps, and Product Engineering)
Incident Commanding - Drive resolution of incidents by closely partnering and collaborating with Engineering, Technical Support, and Customer Success
Lead and contribute projects to improve tools and processes related to manageability, observability, resiliency
Manage incident-related training, including cross-training of our SREs, DevOps, and Application Engineers
Oversee the incident management process and team members involved in resolving the incident
Prioritize incidents according to their urgency and influence on the business
Contribute to our blameless post-mortem process, and drive prioritization of action items related to site reliability and resiliency
Understand and translate technical information and issues into business cases, impacts, and risks that can easily be interpreted by the customer
Lead the weekly release process as part of a release management team
Escalate and manage release related issues through to resolution

WHO YOU ARE

Able to effectively communicate critical issue status (both verbally and written) to executive staff, go to market teams, and other involved parties
Able to lead, make decisions, problem solve and work within teams. Can demonstrate flexibility and agility to move between role types within teams
Able to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment
Experience managing technical incidents, whether as part of an on-call team or as an incident manager
Sufficient technical background and experience with specific tools for reporting, documentation, and observability (Jira, Confluence, Datadog, or the equivalent)
Have a high degree of operational excellence, use data-driven decision-making to minimize risk, and love building and managing against reports and data 
5 years in incident management, operations, or technical support experience

For candidates based in the United States, the pay range for this position at the start of employment is expected to be between 125,000 and 140,000year with an expected On Target Earnings (OTE) between 135,000 and 155,000year (including bonus or commission). Your exact offer may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition to cash compensation, Braze offers full- and part- time employees a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants of restricted stock (RSUs) so that all Braze employees own a piece of our company.WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.