At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
Braze is looking for a Marketing Operations Lead to help grow our mighty MarTech  Operations team in EMEA. You will be ramping up and helping to support our EMEA Marketing team while our EMEA Marketing Operations manager is on Maternity leave and then continuing to grow with the Marketing Operations team once she returns.  This person will be responsible for overseeing Marketings day to day activities; from advanced email campaign programming, data cleansing and augmentation, and flexing your skills in launching new MarOps frameworks. 
Youll be joining a fast and growing marketing team that is continually testing new marketing channels and tactics in an established market. As part of this growth, were looking for somebody to help run our EMEA regional marketing team processes to measure performance, provide MarOps best practices, and uncover new opportunities in our tech stack that were missing. This role requires excellent organizational skills, an eagle eye for details, and a passion to stay up to date on the industrys latest new MarTech developments. 
As a Marketing Operations Lead, you will run and drive EMEA regional marketing campaign execution and MarOps infrastructure improvements. You will be our in region expert of campaign frameworks and execute various marketing activities in email, data cleansing, and landing page developments. The infrastructure you will be helping to drive is responsible for our marketing data, marketing technology, and insights that are used to support the strategy and execution of Brazes initiatives. Your ultimate responsibility is to ensure our marketing technology systems are executing and driving insightful data back into the organization at scale.
You are a marketing expert that can effortlessly oversee dozens of marketing projects and mentor others. Youre able to set goals that map to the departmental and organizational goals and mission. You consistently deliver superior campaigns and have a history of spearheading large cross functional programs between Marketo and Salesforce. 
Responsibilities:
Youll develop and establish what it means to be part of the Braze Experience beyond the actual product experience. If you have a passion for connecting people through creativity, wed love to have you join our growing marketing team.

Partner with the Regional Marketing and Revenue Operation Teams to design, manage, and execute multi-channel campaigns, SFDC reports, and enhancing our lead routing processes to deliver the highest quality of leads to sales
Run and manage our EMEA Marketing segmentation approach and overall audience management; collaborate with marketing and sales stakeholders to create segmented lists across pipeline, regions, industries, and personas
Run targeted emails, personalized landing pages, and AB tests, tracking and sharing performance, and adapting strategy to improve performance across channels throughout the customer journey
Collaborate with the Sales Operations team, our Salesforce admins and BDR leadership to assure full cycle follow through across systems for Marketing Leads and MQLs
Identify and create new campaign templates that could be used by our large global marketing team
SFDC reporting and knowledge of marketing attribution models to help hit goals and produce meaningful insights for the team
Database management: govern lead list imports, database cleanliness and organization, field updates, deliverability, and regulation
Actively identify and remove obstacles preventing our Marketing teams from trusting and using data effectively
Be enthusiastic, proactive and eager to learn new skills

WHO YOU ARE

4 years of marketing experience with a B2B software company
3 years experience with Marketo
3 years experience with Salesforce and great understanding of SFDC Reports and the Campaign Object
2 years of experience with Hopin, Zoom Webinars, Bizzabo or comparable event tech software
Excellent communication throughout all levels of the organization including leadership.
Familiarity with various email and cookie opt-in and database management policies across EMEA
Experience with effectively communicating with managers and teammates across various time zones. This role will be reporting to a manager residing in the United States.
Basic knowledge of HTML and CSS
Extremely detail-oriented and organized marketer
Ability to juggle multiple, demanding tasks simultaneously and with accuracy
Passionate about participating in a collaborative, energetic, fun, and smart work atmosphere
Bonus Points if you have:

Knowledge of Google Analytics, Optimizely, Demandbase, G2, Qualified, Data Studio, and Looker

WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.