At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
Were looking for a multifaceted, collaborative Senior Copy Lead to work across a variety of brand and product needs as well as marketing channels with a focus on writing site pages, email campaigns, product pages, and case studies, as well as paid media (including banner and social, digital print, OOH, and short-form video). Other work will include traditional marketing materials such as presentations, digital brochures, and collateral for events. You will partner with cross-disciplinary teams to activate the NEW Braze brand voice and vision, driving sales of our innovative technology among other business goals.
Responsibilities:

Bring creativity, attention to detail and efficiency while working under tight deadlines and multiple projects simultaneously.
Work alongside our Lead Copywriter and Executive Creative Directorcopywriter to own, improve and accelerate our new brand voice. 
Collaborate with team members throughout the creative process from concept to production.
Conceptualize messaging solutions that maintain the consistency of the new Braze brand across channels.
Expertly simplify complex and technical concepts into audience engaging messaging
Oversee and direct freelance writers (when needed) to ensure quality control
Be enthusiastic, proactive and eager to learn new skills
Collaborate to help elevate the quality and production level of the work coming out of the creative team
Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing.

WHO YOU ARE

8 years of professional copywriting experience preferably with a mix of agencyclient side experience 
A strong understanding of B2B needs as well as a strong application of B2C style and creativity
Experience writing for andor knowledge of marketing, MarTech, SaaS B2B
BFABA in Advertising, Writing, English, or related field
A strong portfolio that demonstrates versatility and a broad range of writing knowledge and skills
Knowledge of industry tools (AP Style Guide, Word, GSuite) 
Experience creating content heavy collateral such as large digital guides 
Ability to prioritize tasks and work on multiple projects 
A self-starter with the ability to work independently and as part of a team
Ability to juggle multiple, demanding tasks simultaneously and with accuracy

For candidates based in the United States, the pay range for this position at the start of employment is expected to be between 132,000 and 145,200year with an expected On Target Earnings (OTE) between 150,000 and 165,000year (including bonus or commission). Your exact offer may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition to cash compensation, Braze offers full- and part- time employees a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants of restricted stock (RSUs) so that all Braze employees own a piece of our company. WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.