At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
As an Account Executive (S1) on our SMB team, you will own the full sales cycle from prospecting to close. Youll be driving full lifecycle sales for a prospect list of SMB accounts. 
Join a scaling, diverse, and tight knit team thats working directly with Marketing, Product, and Technical executives and their teams to help them forge human connections between consumers and the brands they love. Our team has a variety of backgrounds, but are united by a commitment to empathetic communication, growth mindset, and willingness to take ownership of the challenge at hand. 
WHO YOU ARE

At least 2 years of Full cycle SaaS Sales Experience from prospect to close, as an Account Executive.
Experience closing high volume of deals on a monthly basis while balancing outbound prospecting.
Expertise in selling value over features and comfort in building quantified business cases and ROI.
Ambitious self starter that can thrive in a fast paced environment.
A proven networker connector in your daily life through in-person networking events, social media and other mediums.
Coachable and open to constructive feedback - you prioritize self learning and development, have a strong work ethic, and a drive to excel.
Adaptable   Resilient — you understand that change is constant, and you embrace it.
Strong forecasting acumen with prior experience with Salesforce.com CRM, or other CRM used to manage sales pipeline.
Trained in MEDDPICC is a plus.
Prior experience in a startup technology company is a plus.

For candidates based in the United States, the pay range for this position at the start of employment is expected to be between 71,000 and 77,500year with an expected On Target Earnings (OTE) between 142,500 and 155,000year (including bonus or commission). Your exact offer may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition to cash compensation, Braze offers full- and part- time employees a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants of restricted stock (RSUs) so that all Braze employees own a piece of our company.WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.