At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR
The Solutions Consulting team at Braze are a powerhouse group of technical storytellers. Youll enjoy this role if you enjoy operating at the intersection of technology and creativity, bringing your technical knowledge to bear in a sales setting.
Braze Solutions Consultants blend the art of storytelling and sales with the science behind how our technology tactically delivers value for our customers. During the sales process, we help make it real, with the aim of building prospective customer confidence in Brazes capabilities  team. 
Our Lead Solutions Consultants operate in a strategic capacity and are true partners for our sales team. In this role, youll have the opportunity to advise the worlds most recognizable brands at every level of the organization: from marketers and engineers to executives and pioneers.
Travel is required for this role, and will vary depending on the business segment which youre supporting. For non-remote hires, presence at the office or in the field is expected on average 5-10 days a month.
WHAT YOULL DO
We solve our customers problems. Youll map your knowledge of Braze, its capabilities, partner ecosystem, and more to each prospective customers unique ecosystem, business goals, and desired outcomes. 
Your day-to-day starts with discovery: youll spend a lot of time getting curious about your prospects, our product, and the latest trends in marketing. You can expect to spend time collaborating with account executives on customer meetings and presentations and preparing creative, bespoke demos that are tailored to each customers goals and pain points. 
At Braze, we are always researching the latest in product release notes and learning something new. All of this means no two days are the same, but every day has a new challenge to solve.
WHO YOU ARE
Sales Skills:

Art of Storytelling-  Youre a great presenter and an engaging storyteller. Your creativity is front and center. People say youre a great communicator! You leave people with the impression that you are really listening to them, and the stories you tell leave them feeling understood.
Executive Presence - You know how to inspire confidence and establish trust with all levels of an organization: from individual contributors to C-suite executives. using language that appropriately translates complex technical and business information.
Seller Confidence - You have experience selling into accounts of all levels (EnterpriseCommercialSMB) with a sophisticated Pre-sales Consulting or Sales Engineering team.

Technical Skills: 

Embrace Curiosity - You have a high level of intellectual curiosity. You see opportunity and embrace a growth mindset. You love to think big and demonstrate excellence in the application of technology to solve all kinds of problems.
Seek the Truth- As the technical advisor in the sales cycles, we are empowered to seek the truth and the solutions for our customers. Youre analytical and have technical experience to build upon. This also means youre skilled at conveying technical concepts simply and concisely.
Technical Depth - You have domain knowledge of two or more of the following:  SaaS, Mobile, APIs, Marketing Automation, Direct Marketing, Marketing Analytics or Programming (even just HTML).

Industry Skills:

Navigating Ambiguity - when change is the only constant, you have clarity. You can maintain focus and productivity in uncertain situations or without complete information, and you have the confidence to know when to ask for help..
Team player - you know teamwork makes the dream work. We cant emphasize this enough. This also means you have self confidence and awareness that empowers you to collaborate, celebrate, and contribute to the success of our team. 
Marketing Know How - You have work experience or deep knowledge of Integrated Marketing, Content Marketing, Email Marketing, Mobile Marketing, Marketing Analytics or similar topics in a digital-first, customer experience realm.
WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.