At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHO YOU ARE
We are looking for a Chief of Staff (COS) and Head of Business Practices reporting to the Chief Business Officer (CBO). The COS will help lead us to scale by putting together a framework for strategy to execution, financial planning, scalable business practices, and helping jumpstart newgrowth initiatives, by collaborating with functions across the business. As a critical thinker and catalyst for change management, the COS will be responsible for landing key strategic initiatives, keeping the team focused  executing on business priorities. You will also collaborate across the business to ensure cross-functional alignment of goals and execution.
Responsibilities

Reporting into the Chief Business Officer (CBO), you will be a strategic partner and responsible for maintaining the operational rhythm of the business, including OKRs and annual planning.
Plan and manage the long range and annual strategy and planning cycles, aligning with finance and other relevant parts of the business. 
Set standard for global business practices including overall operating rhythm, process development, systems, and  supporting teams with execution
Identify opportunities and gaps in the business and proposeown special projects that will need to be created
Partner with the marketing, strategy and operations leadership team to uncover strengths and challenges (businessgrowth opportunities, org design, operations, systems etc.) and help them become more effective
Become a Braze expert and act as a trusted counsel to the CBO and other leaders. Act as the CBOs proxy as and when needed
Get a deep understanding of the operating metrics of the business to identify and propose new initiativesareas of investments. 
Build strong partnerships and strategic alignment with executive leaders and key cross-functional stakeholders
Driveoversee cross-functional projectsinitiatives from development through to execution including new product introduction
Manage the agenda for CBO leadership meetings, prioritizing key initiative discussions and decision making. Support with executive and internal communications
Foster talent within the business operations team and cultivate a culture of high performance and satisfaction

WHAT YOU HAVE

12 years of experience in Chief of staffbusiness planning strategy operations related roles at a SaaS company
Previous Chief Of Staff or business practices experience
Proven experience in strategic thinking, organizational agility, and cross-team collaboration
Passionate about driving operational excellence, with experience in planning, creating, and managing budgets.
Ability to navigate and network and lead by influence across departments to build consensus around critical initiatives
Experience coordinating, directing and guiding the work of  teams within a high growth organization
Self starter with an entrepreneurial mentality with experience working on complex, ambiguous projects across multiple teams. Creative approach to new ideas, experimentation with new initiatives that could fuel growth
Data drive and measurable outcomes driven approach to work and initiatives

For candidates based in the United States, the pay range for this position at the start of employment is expected to be between 190,000 and 225,000year with an expected On Target Earnings (OTE) between 230,000 and 270,000year (including bonus or commission). Your exact offer may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition to cash compensation, Braze offers full- and part- time employees a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants of restricted stock (RSUs) so that all Braze employees own a piece of our company. WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.