At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO 
As a Senior Manager you will be an essential part of our Global Technical Support Team that owns the post-sale technical relationship with our customers. You will be directly managing a team of individuals and leaders, with plans to hire additional team members as our business continues to grow. You will be responsible for interviewing, hiring, training, growing and retaining employees. Youll also focus on planning, assigning, and directing their daily work activities. You will coach and lead employees and will encourage employee contribution. You will be responsible for 1:1s, goal setting, feedback, and career development planning for your team.
A big part of your role will be to help implement our global processes across the team to ensure world-class support to our customers. Youll also take responsibility and pride in helping to grow and develop the amazing support team members across the region. You will act as a regional escalation manager for critical issues, ensuring they get resolved quickly and successfully through a coordinated, process-driven approach.
WHO YOU ARE
You have previous team lead experience or have directly managed a team. People say youre a great communicator and top-tier problem solver. You have exemplary written and verbal communication skills with unparalleled follow-up skills. You leave people with the impression that you are really listening to them, understand their problem, and youre there to help. You look for every opportunity to make things better and youre all about the team. You get a thrill from helping customers and you know that even though the job isnt easy, youre making a difference each and every day. Youre naturally curious and you see every problem as an opportunity to learn more or help others (teammates or customers) learn more too. You enjoy leading the charge, helping others to achieve their best. You thrive in fast-paced, pressure-intensive situations and are able to lead by example for your team.
WHAT YOU HAVE

3-5 years experience in management overseeing a technical support organization, which supports complex technical products (preferably a SaaS B2B support team)
Experience handling complex, time-sensitive technical support issues
Amazing people management skills - known for being a great leader
Excellent written and spoken communication skills coupled with a customer-centric attitude
An aptitude for building a growth-oriented, supportive culture within the team
Experience working with decentralized organizations in which your partners and teammates are located outside of your own regional location and timezone
Ability to manage critical customer-facing escalations and communicate effectively to internal and external stakeholders until the issue is fully resolved
Attention to detail that allows for documentation of work and the following of process that allows for standardization across our Global teams
Prior experience with hiring and onboarding new team members with applicable skills to grow, scale a team and retain talent
Has a knack for synthesizing complex ideas and communicating them in a way others can easily understand
Strong knowledge of case management processes (Issue Resolution Process, Escalation Management, Knowledge Centered Support)
Immense experience of Case Management tools like Salesforce, Zendesk or similar CRM ticketing systems
Strong written and verbal English skills are essential.
Bonus:

Technical domain knowledge of one or more of the following: SaaS, Mobile, APIs.
Programming skills (Ruby, Mongo, JavaScript, etc.)


WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.