At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
The Finance team is seeking an FPA Manager to join our growing team. You will be the revenue lead for the FPA team responsible for tracking and forecasting revenue and other key company KPIs such as CRPO and DBNR.
You will report to the head of Corporate FPA and work closely with various leaders in order to improve our revenue forecast and monthly reporting standards. This role requires someone who is highly analytical and strategic, is able to communicate clearly and effectively, and thrives in a fast paced-environment.
Responsibilities:

Partner with Revenue accounting and the FPA GTM team to generate Brazes Revenue forecast
Track, forecast and report on financial key metrics such as Committed Remaining Performance Obligation (CRPO), Dollar Based Net Retention (DBNR) and Gross Renewal Rates
Support our monthly close process through close partnership with the accounting and operations teams
Report on actual financial results against targets, provide variance analysis, assist in guidance on future trends, and present findings to Finance leadership
Evaluate and develop financial models to help drive strategic business decisions and identify opportunities to optimize outcomes
Support ad hoc projects and strategic initiatives

WHO YOU ARE

5 years of progressive experience in Finance and FPA, preferably in Tech
Strong understanding of SaaS metrics and ASC 606 revenue recognition
An analytical, creative thinker who can focus on the details without losing sight of the big picture
Ability to balance multiple responsibilities with competing deadlines
Strong financial modeling skills and a very high level of comfort with Microsoft Excel
Experience with Adaptive Insights, Looker, Zuora and Netsuite is a plus

For candidates based in the United States, the pay range for this position at the start of employment is expected to be between 98,000 and 132,000year with an expected On Target Earnings (OTE) between 115,000 and 155,000year (including bonus or commission). Your exact offer may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition to cash compensation, Braze offers full- and part- time employees a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants of restricted stock (RSUs) so that all Braze employees own a piece of our company. WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.