At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
This role is for a SaaS sales professional with a track record of both acquiring net-new business and expanding commercial relationships within existing customer enterprise accounts (2,000 employees). The ideal candidate will have at least 5 years experience selling SaaS Solutions to enterprise clients where typical deal size ranges from 200K - 1Myear.  In addition, candidates should have at least 8 years overall industry experience.
This individual will have experience working with mid to large enterprise (2,000 employees)  companies and understand the complex decision-making processes of a multi-constituent, enterprise sale.  Ideally, your product sales experience focuses on front-office applications and solutions.  Experience selling marketing automation, analytics, CRM, digital media publishing or content marketing solutions would be the best fit.  Prior experience should include collaboration with internal teams, including Business Development, Marketing, Sales Enablement, AlliancesPartnerships, Customer Success, Finance, and Legal.
WHAT YOU HAVE

Background in Enterprise Sales for Mobile or Marketing Technology and an understanding of current application trends in these spaces is preferred
Ability to research accounts, develop a point of view (POV) on the value your technology can drive for the account, and prioritize accounts across a territory to maximize bookings 
A demonstrated history of net-new prospecting and pipeline generation, both personally and in collaboration with BDRs and Marketing partners
Proven success navigating large organizations and ability to quickly identify the decision makers and the decision making process for large SaaS investments
Familiarity with Force Managements sales training; Command of the Message and MEDDPICC is preferred
Outstanding verbal, written and stand up presentation skills
Prior experience with Salesforce.com CRM, or other CRM used to manage sales pipeline, required.  Demonstrated ability to quickly come up to speed on new cloud apps and tools.
A proven connector in your daily life through social media and other mediums
Prior experience in a startup, or emerging growth, technology company a plus
Ability to travel to customerprospect sites, marketing events, and to company and regional gatherings

For candidates based in the United States, the pay range for this position at the start of employment is expected to be between 133,000 and 150,000year with an expected On Target Earnings (OTE) between 266,000 and 300,000year (including bonus or commission). Your exact offer may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition to cash compensation, Braze offers full- and part- time employees a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants of restricted stock (RSUs) so that all Braze employees own a piece of our company.LI-REMOTEWHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.