At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO
The Senior Design Lead will lead the execution of visual development of deliverables. As a senior member of the Brand Creative team, you will play a key role in developing and governing the visual identity of our brand and all its expressions. Collaboration with the internal teams is essential to ensure deliverables align with Braze objectives and drive results.
Responsibilities:

Provide design services and oversee the development of best-in-class creative
Champion the brand with consistency, ensuring cohesive brand expression
Conceptualize and execute against communication strategies and synthesize briefs
Meet deadlines and helps to manage high priority projects
Work on multiple projects concurrently in a fast paced environment
Participate in day-to-day communications and establish strong partnershipsengagement with stakeholders
Quickly respond and adapt to creative feedback and requests
Accepts project accountability as a senior creative lead
Oversee and mentor junior creative as needed

WHO YOU ARE

BFA or BA in graphic design, advertising or a relevant field
7 years of experience in a high volume, deadline-driven environment, quickly managing changing priorities in and agency or in-house brand
A culture fit; someone who possess strong interpersonal skills and leads with professionalism and a solution oriented approach
A partner who thrives in collaboration with multiple teams and the ability to balance partnerships
Comfortable working in some ambiguity and proactive enough to help build new strategic frameworks
A conceptual thinker who brings communication strategies to life in meaningful ways
Possess a portfolio of distinctive creative that showcases excellent design sensibilities (color, advanced typography, hierarchy and details) 
Excellent art direction, design principles and a discerning eye for aesthetics
Must demonstrate a solid understanding of current creative media, mediums and trends 
Ability to meet high standards of quality and accuracy under tight deadlines
Understanding of motion design, animation and video production
Proficient in GSuite, Figma, Adobe CC 
Experience in a B2B SaaS environment is an added value

For candidates based in the United States, the pay range for this position at the start of employment is expected to be between 104,000 and 112,000year with an expected On Target Earnings (OTE) between 130,000 and 140,000year (including bonus or commission). Your exact offer may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition to cash compensation, Braze offers full- and part- time employees a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants of restricted stock (RSUs) so that all Braze employees own a piece of our company. WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.