At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR
As an Email Deliverability Consultant, you will be part of our customer-facing deliverability team. Youll work directly with our customers to provide reporting, best practices, and recommendations to improve their email programs and get the most out of Braze. Teams at Braze work collaboratively to deliver great customer experiences. Youll be a close partner with our Customer Success, Technical Support, Sales, and Growth Teams to develop and iterate on strategies that improve both our customers and our teams.
WHAT YOULL DO

Provide fundamental to advanced deliverability support to our customers and our internal teams;
Carry and service a portfolio of assigned customers with a paid Deliverability Services Consulting entitlement;
Help conduct in-depth investigations, reviews, and audits into email sending practices;
Assist customers with blocklists, spam traps, and issues with MBPs;
Help customers produce schedules for IP warming and monitor their warming progress;
Monitor individual customer email metrics and help improve their sending reputation;
Provide in-depth analysis of performance quality measurements to ensure customer programs are continuously improving;
Provide long term, strategic deliverability planning for high-touch, high-visibility brands that send from the Braze email infrastructure;
Take an active role in thought leadership through writing blogs, articles, and whitepapers;
Help represent Braze at M3AAWG and within other important industry communities.

WHO YOU ARE
Our ideal candidate is someone who has competency in deliverability concepts and customer management skills. They ideally have two to three years of experience providing deliverability-specific services at an ESP, agency, or large brand. Theyd be well-versed in industry best practices, have had success in the identification and remediation of deliverability issues and in presenting them in a meaningful, consumable format to customers. Theyd be a polished, articulate ambassador for the team and for the company.
WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT
A great tech startup culture where openness, curiosity, collaboration, and career growth are encouraged and supported.  Youll also have the opportunity to work, daily, with Brazes customers, many of whom are the most innovative and exciting enterprise and mobile brands in the world.WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.