At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT YOULL DO

Team Overview

The Internal Audit team plays a pivotal role in enhancing and protecting organizational value by providing risk-based and objective assurance, advice, and insight. Our team is dedicated to the core mission of strengthening internal controls, risk management, and compliance, while also harnessing the power of automation and audit analytics to drive innovation. Our goal is to provide a solid foundation that enables the company to thrive, enhance business and technology processes, and adapt seamlessly within a dynamic and evolving regulatory landscape.

Responsibilities:

SOX Compliance: Take ownership of SOX compliance efforts, including testing internal controls, managing documentation, and collaborating with internal stakeholders to ensure adherence to requirements.
Operational Audit Support: Participate in upcoming audits by preparing relevant documentation, assisting in audit planning, leading meetings with auditors abroad (as needed), and efficiently noting discussions and action items.
Enterprise Risk Assessment: Assist in the execution of the annual enterprise internal audit risk assessment
Audit Analytics: Leverage past experience with analytics to develop and execute data analytics initiatives, writing simple and complex queries using SQL servers, and analyzing data chains through Workiva (Wdata) to provide actionable insights that contribute to informed decision-making for end stakeholders
Relationship Management: Engage with cross-functional teams both locally and internationally, actively participating in meetings, and leading discussions to ensure seamless communication and alignment of internal objectives


WHO YOU ARE
To excel in this role, you will need a combination of technical expertise, interpersonal skills, and a commitment to upholding regulatory standards. Key qualifications and attributes were looking for include:

B.S. in Accounting, Finance, Information Systems or related area
Professional certification such as CPA, CIA or CISA
2 years minimum relevant experience, including Public Accounting and industry experience
SoftwareSaaS or Technology industry experience with subscription and professional services revenue 
SOX Experience: Demonstrated experience with Sarbanes-Oxley compliance, internal controls (ideally, both financial process and IT General Controls), and risk management within a corporate environment.
Strong skills in data analysis, including writing SQL queries, understanding database structures, and extracting actionable insights from complex datasets.
Proven track record of supporting audits, note-taking, and facilitating meetings, ideally in international settings.
Strong leadership skills, high EQ and proactive problem solving approach
Ability to collaborate with onshore and offshore team(s)
Experience using Workiva GRC platform is a plus
Experience with data extraction, transformation and loading (ETL)
Experience with agile project management methodologies a plus
Experience in auditing infrastructure as a service and database as a service providers is a plus
WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.