At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.As a Senior Customer Success Manager in our Enterprise team, you will work closely with high profile established brands to help them realise value from their investment in Braze.
WHAT YOULL DO

Own and assume ultimate responsibility for client renewals, retention and net retention targets for your customers
Be your customers main point of contact and trusted advisor at Braze


Partner with Account Executives, taking a lead role to ensure excellent customer experience and commercial alignment
Drive feature adoption by building a shared Success Plan with your customers, providing strategic guidance, enablement, and day-to-day advice to help them hit their objectives with Braze
Drive customer advocacy by building strong customer relationships and creating mutual value for your customers and Braze
Proactively analyze your customer product usage to identify opportunities and risks to account health  
Maintain ongoing regular contact with your customers via ad-hoc communications, regular check-ins, events, and Executive Business Reviews.
Advocate for your customers, soliciting and synthesizing customer product feedback to contribute to product development
Provide continuing education for customers to maximize product usage, identifying new or unused Braze features that could provide value for your customer and represent an upsell opportunity for Braze.
In addition to being a dedicated contact for strategy, product training inquiries, and non-technical support, you will coordinate with other Braze teams including Technical Support, Industry Solutions, and Deliverability Services to ensure your customers receive the support they need simply and seamlessly
Work with Onboarding Managers and other Customer Success Partners to seamlessly transition clients from onboarding to ongoing activity.
Act as a point of escalation for customers
Provide mentorship to junior colleagues
You will likely spend time onsite with customers and may travel [internationally]

Please note this job description cannot possibly cover every duty you may need to undertake, you may be asked by your line manager to handle other reasonable responsibilities commensurate with the role. 
WHO YOU ARE
You are an established customer success professional who finds satisfaction in helping your customers achieve great things and in helping your colleagues grow. You have an excellent track record in customer success or a related role and are seeking to progress your career, with one of the industrys most advanced customer success teams, by working with established, household-name, enterprise customers with over 1,000 employees.

You are an excellent communicator with exemplary written and verbal communication skills coupled with unparalleled follow up skills. Clients and colleagues have the impression that you listen and understand the strategic problems they are trying to solve
Youre excited by working with medium and large technology companies who move fast, and want to build new customer experiences quickly
Youre known for being a team player. We just cant emphasize this enough
You build great relationships with colleagues and customers
You have a high level of intellectual curiosity. You see opportunity and growth in learning more about what you do and how it impacts others
You have a proven track record successfully managing complex, high value accounts or projects with sophisticated clients, multiple stakeholders, and competing priorities
You have excellent time management skills, ideally you have significant project management experience andor formal certifications (PMP, Agile, etc).
You have strong technical domain knowledge of two or more of the following:  SaaS, Mobile, APIs, Marketing Automation, Direct Marketing, Analytics or Programming (HTML etc).
3-6 years relevant experience in a related area, for example Onboarding, Customer Success, Implementations or Project Management
WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.