At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR
The Business Development team at Braze shapes future revenue success every day. It is the team at the forefront of identifying, understanding and helping potential customers build, enhance or transform their customer engagement offering.
Business Development Representatives (BDRs) at Braze grow into skilled commercial players and are trailblazers and action leaders when it comes to: 

Identifying target Mid-Market and Enterprise accounts
Developing email and phone campaigns
Engaging C-suite prospects
Demonstrating the value of Braze
Qualifying early stage Mid-Enterprise deals

BDR is a multi-faceted role, kept fresh and exciting by day-to-day priorities like building account strategies with Account Executives, discovery phone calls, meetings with leaders and executives across accounts, building personalized email sequences and attending events to generate new leads. The ultimate goal is to generate high quality relationships that transform into high quality new business opportunities.
Every individual has a personal quota, and shares a team goal. The team is collaborative, communicative and we are always the first to take action. Theres a lot of support and camaraderie with plenty of room to be proactive and take control of your own sales success. It is one of the most energetic, fun teams at Braze! 
BDRs gain huge value from working together at our amazing offices in Berlin. BDRs at Braze have a hybrid schedule, which means they will be in office 3 days a week. This allows our team to thrive in a learning environment together.
WHAT YOULL DO
BDR is a high impact role. The BDR will research and strategize on MidEnterprise accounts, develop and action a communication plan (via phone, email, LinkedIn, video etc) to generate new business opportunities (pipeline). There are proven processes to follow, several intuitive user friendly tools to use and KPIs to keep momentum up. BDRs prioritize outreach to prospects: the more relevant stakeholders we can speak with, the more likely we are to be successful in that account.
BDRs will manage their own meetings, and bring in other internal stakeholders as needed. They conduct high-level conversations with C-suite executives about their business goals, customer engagement and marketing challengesopportunities with a view to understanding and qualifying the opportunity. BDRs also deliver value-orientated pitches and solution demonstrations.
Ultimate success for a BDR is to generate the volume and value of deals required to hit their quota, and bring great new brands to Braze! This is done by meeting outreach KPIs, setting meetings and carrying out great discovery and qualification. The commission plan is uncapped, so once a BDR hits quota, they can keep on earning.
There is advancement potential for consistently successful BDRs, with personalized development plans, coaching and internal resources to plan for the next rewarding role at Braze.
WHO YOU ARE

Adaptable
Action orientated
Precise and engaging communicator (written and verbal)
Strong researcher
Creative
Problem solver
Intellectually curious
Self awarecoachable
Intrinsically motivated
Well organized and accountable
Relentlessly tenacious
NativeFluent German speaker (professional grade written and verbal)
1  years experience with sales outreach motions (sales calls, cold calling, sales emails, selling at events)
We are open to candidates who come with experience of working with all levels of clientsprospects, not limited to just Enterprise 
WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.