At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR
Do you excel in transforming brand narratives into compelling visual elements within product interfaces? Are you passionate about ensuring a brands essence shines through in a SaaS product? We are seeking a Senior Product Designer with a strong visual design background to be a vital part of Brazes Frontend Infrastructure and Experience (FIX) team.
Product Designers at Braze have the freedom to work on all aspects of the user experience, with particular strength in at least one area of user experience, or service design — user research, user flows, wireframing, diagramming, interaction design, rapid prototyping, design documentation, or motion design, to name a few examples. As a Senior Product Designer on FIX, you will spearhead key visual projects, representing Product in brand discussions and acting as a vital bridge between system design and brand expression.
WHAT YOULL DO
In this multifaceted role, youll be at the heart of defining and Implementing the visual direction of the platform, working in collaboration with Brand, FIX team leaders, and UX leadership to ensure product design language is  of the highest quality and consistent throughout. As a key advisor, youll provide strategic guidance on component design and library management, making significant contributions to enhance Brazes Beacon Design System. Furthermore, youll take the lead in planning and delivering training sessions for Figma and Beacon, aiming to elevate the skills of fellow designers and boost adoption. Your responsibilities will include:

Collaborating on global patterns, iterating based on initial guidance from FIX Design leadership.
Spearheading workshops to carve out new visual directions and their applications within the product.
Working closely with FIX leadership and designers to strategize and prioritize the Beacon roadmap.
Leading design reviews, ensuring quality and consistency are at the forefront.
Actively consulting and engaging with various teams, ensuring Brazes visual identity is flawlessly incorporated within the Braze product.
Taking charge of the curriculum design, organization, and execution of training sessions for both Figma and Beacon.

Working alongside product managers, UX researchers, engineers, and designers, youll play a central role in shaping our brands evolution within the product space.
WHO YOU ARE

Bring with you 4 years of experience in UIVisual design roles, with a proven track record in design systems and brand integrations.
A natural collaborator, youre adept at fostering strong relationships between marketing and product departments.
Your decisions arent just aesthetically driven; theyre rooted in brand values and bolstered by user insights.
Ambiguity doesnt deter you; instead, you see it as a canvas for innovative solutions.
Communication comes naturally, whether its sketching an idea or presenting a fully-fledged design concept.
Your attention to detail is impeccable, demonstrated through your UI designs, illustrations, and how you weave visual narratives.
Passionate about personal growth, youre always refining your skills and pushing design boundaries.

WHAT CAPTURES OUR ATTENTION

A standout portfolio that showcases how youve breathed life into brand stories through product design.
Documented success in significant visual design projects, particularly in brand integrations and design system revamps.
Mastery over design tools like Figma, Sketch, Adobe XD, and Illustrator and motion design tools like After Effects or Principle.
A keen eye on design trends, ensuring our brand and product feel current yet enduring.
Experience working on SaaS products both on web and mobile
Experience in leading roles within agile or cross-functional teams, highlighting your leadership and collaborative skills.
A blend of creativity and technical understanding, allowing you to visualize designs that are both striking and feasible.

For candidates based in the United States, the pay range for this position at the start of employment is expected to be between 150,000 and 175,000year with an expected On Target Earnings (OTE) between 170,000 and 200,000year (including bonus or commission). Your exact offer may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition to cash compensation, Braze offers full- and part- time employees a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants of restricted stock (RSUs) so that all Braze employees own a piece of our company.WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.