At Braze, we have found our people. Were a genuinely approachable, exceptionally kind, and intensely passionate crew.
We seek to ignite that passion by setting high standards, championing teamwork, and creating work-life harmony as we collectively navigate rapid growth on a global scale while striving for greater equity and opportunity  inside and outside our organization.
To flourish here, you must be prepared to set a high bar for yourself and those around you. There is always a way to contribute: Acting with autonomy, having accountability and being open to new perspectives are essential to our continued success. Our deep curiosity to learn and our eagerness to share diverse passions with others gives us balance and injects a one-of-a-kind vibrancy into our culture.
If you are driven to solve exhilarating challenges and have a bias toward action in the face of change, you will be empowered to make a real impact here, with a sharp and passionate team at your back. If Braze sounds like a place where you can thrive, we cant wait to meet you.WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR
This is a SaaS enterprise sales leadership role, managing a team of Enterprise Account Executives for Brazes market-leading Customer Journey Orchestration platform. Were looking for someone who is passionate about helping brands communicate more effectively with their customers, building a winning team, and expanding our highly successful customer base. 
The ideal candidate will have at least 5 years of successful experience leading, and developing a team of enterprise sellers in a high-growth, rapidly evolving, and dynamically competitive market.  Your team will focus on the entire lifecycle relationship with their clients, so you should have experience helping them develop and evangelize net-new business, while nurturing and expanding the relationships with their customer base. As a front-line leader whose team addresses the problems of customers across multiple industries, you should have strong business acumen, and help prepare for, and participate directly in, customer-facing engagements. Your leadership will have a direct impact on the success of our customers, the development of your team, and the success of Braze.
WHAT YOU HAVE

Minimum of 5 years of successful experience leading a team of at least five quota-carrying, new business-focused Account Executives  
Enterprise experience required 
A proven ability to recruit, retain, inspire, and develop top talent
Proven experience in leading teams through the full-lifecycle of a SaaS customer: prospecting, acquisition, retention and long-term relationship growth
Ability to coordinate and work cross-functionally internally with internal constituencies, including Business Development, Marketing, Customer Success, Legal, and Sales Operations
Outstanding verbal, written and in-person presentation skills
Excellent commercial and legal negotiation skills
Strong technical and business acumen; the ability to engage with multiple customer personas across a wide variety of industries and within both technical and marketing functional roles
Up-to-date on digital and application trends, especially in the mobile space
Prior experience selling Mobile or Marketing Technology is a strong plus
Prior experience in a startup technology company a plus

WHAT YOULL DO

Hire, nurture and lead a team of world-class sales talent
Set and execute an aggressive customer acquisition and expansion strategy for the region
Align go-to-market teams (BDR, marketing, value engineering, SolCon, executive) to execute the FY plan and represent a clear, single vision to customers and the marketplace
Coach your team through the overall sales process, participate, where appropriate, in a hands-on manner in deals, and provide detailed and accurate sales forecasting
Be the voice of Braze in prospect, customer and industry forums
Plan and manage at both the strategic and operational levels
Be a proactive voice within our enterprise and global sales leadership team

For candidates based in the United States, the pay range for this position at the start of employment is expected to be between 180,500 and 197,500year with an expected On Target Earnings (OTE) between 361,000 and 380,000year (including bonus or commission). Your exact offer may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. In addition to cash compensation, Braze offers full- and part- time employees a comprehensive Total Rewards package that includes equity grants of restricted stock (RSUs) so that all Braze employees own a piece of our company. WHAT WE OFFER
From comprehensive benefits to remote availability to flexible time off, weve got you covered so you can prioritize work-life harmony.

Competitive compensation that may include equity
Retirement and Employee Stock Purchase Plans
Flexible paid time off
Comprehensive benefit plans covering medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Family services that include fertility benefits and equal paid parental leave 
Dog-friendly offices and remote availability across many global locations 
Professional development supported by formal career pathing, learning platforms, and tuition reimbursement 
Community engagement opportunities throughout the year, including an annual company wide Volunteerism Week 
Employee Resource Groups that provide supportive communities within Braze
Collaborative, transparent, and fun culture recognized as a Great Place to Work 

Details of these benefit plans will be provided if a candidate receives an offer of employment. Benefits may vary by location.
ABOUT BRAZE
Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE) is a leading comprehensive customer engagement platform that powers interactions between consumers and brands they love. With Braze, global brands can ingest and process customer data in real time, orchestrate and optimize contextually relevant, cross-channel marketing campaigns and continuously evolve their customer engagement strategies.
Braze is proudly certified as a Great Place to Work in the U.S., the UK and Singapore. We ranked 1 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces (Medium), 3 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Wellbeing (Medium), 4 on Great Place to Works 2023 Best Workplaces in Europe (Medium), 5 on Fortunes 2022 Best Workplaces for Millennials in the US, 10 on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces for Women (Large), 19 on Fortunes 2023 Best Workplaces in New York (Large), and were named as a Top Achiever on Great Place to Work UKs 2023 Best Workplaces in Tech.
Youll find many of us at headquarters in New York City or around the world in Austin, Berlin, Chicago, Jakarta, London, Paris, San Francisco, Singapore, Sydney and Tokyo  not to mention our employees in nearly 50 remote locations.
Please see our Candidate Privacy Policy for more information on how Braze processes your personal information during the recruitment process and, if applicable based on your location, how you can exercise any privacy rights.