Brightcove is looking for a people-focused, innovative and progressive Manager, HR Business Partner to lead the employee experience, culture, and business partnership for our Mexico region, specifically our vibrant Guadalajara office. This critical position plays a key role in partnering with our Mexico based teams across various departments to drive strategic people initiatives forward for this critical population. This person will use their strong communication skills, collaboration, strategic thinking, and business acumen to advise and guide their internal customers to make the right decisions. They will be a recognized leader at effectively driving change in a fast paced and transformative environment. 
Job Responsibilities

Partner with all levels of individual contributors and leadership, providing strategic partnership and coaching to drive employee engagement and organizational effectiveness.
Continuously enhance the employee experience and culture for Brightcoves Mexico region, having a pulse on employee feedback and addressing any gapschallenges.
Coach, manage, motivate and develop the regions People Generalist.
Provide guidance to leaders of all levels to help resolve performance and employee relations issues as they arise.
Analyze and identify trends in qualitative and quantitative people-related data (including engagement surveys, off-boarding and onboarding surveys, pulse surveys, etc.) to monitor and improve organizational health and recommend new initiatives.
Provide guidance and input on organizational design, role design, workforce planning; Aligning Brightcoves values and behaviors to the business objectives.
Partner with Talent Development to advise and execute learning initiatives including succession planning, performance management, and employee engagement initiatives such as DEIB and Recognition.
Manage annual total compensation planning process for the Mexico region.
Lead day to day HR activities: employee relations, corporate policiesprogramsprocedures, change management, incident management, etc.
Enable leaders to build and scale teams comprised of diverse talent with a focus on equity, inclusiveness and belonging.
Use people analytics data to interpret and inform critical projects and programs.

SkillsQualifications

6 years of HR Business Partner or related HR experience, preferably in a high-growth SaaS or media focused industry.
Masters degree in Organizational Development a plus.
Experience working in a global organization, with familiarity of global employment practices preferred; Mexico employment law high proficiency required.
Demonstrated credibility in forming effective partnerships with employees at all levels and geographies.
Passion for creating positive cultures that embody exceptional employee experiences with a focus on modern approaches to people practices and leadership.
Detail-oriented with a respect for process along with strong organizational skills.
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to interact professionally with high accountability with all levels within the organization.
You have outstanding communication skills and know how to adapt to various situations and audiences. You can handle difficult situationsconversations with poise, professionalism, and empathy.  
Excellent presentation skills; Experience delivering workshops to diverse audiences.
Ability to work and execute in a fast-paced, transformative environment.
High personal standards of excellence, commitment, and integrity while respecting confidentiality.
Work in a One Team mindset; Highly collaborative.
Experience leading and managing other HR professionals.
Availability and willingness to work out of Brightcoves Guadalajara office at least 1-2 times per week.

About Brightcove 
Brightcove is a diverse, global team of smart, passionate people who are revolutionizing the way organizations deliver video. Were hyped up about storytelling, and about helping organizations reach their audiences in bold and innovative ways. When video is done right, it can have a powerful and lasting effect. Hearts open. Minds change. 
Since 2004, Brightcove has been supporting customers that are some of the largest media companies, enterprises, events, and non-profit organizations in the world. There are over 600 Brightcovers globally, each of us representing our unique talents and we have built a culture that values authenticity, individual empowerment, excellence and collaboration. This culture enables us to harness the incredible power of video and create an environment where you will want to grow, stay and thrive. Bottom line: We take our video seriously, and we take great pride in doing it as oneteam.
WORKING AT BRIGHTCOVE 
We strive to provide our employees with an environment where they can do their best work and be their best selves. This includes a focus on our employees work experience, actively creating a culture where inclusion and growth are at the center, and hiring, recognizing, promoting employees who are committed to living and breathing these same ideals.  
For this role we offer hybrid or on-site working options in our vibrant Guadalajara office located right in front of Andares shopping mall where employees enjoy access to fully-stocked kitchens, company events and social activities as well as an inspiring work environment. We are focused on creating a culture where inclusion and growth are at the center. We value collaboration, creativity, worklife balance, professional growth and providing an empowering space for open communication. You will have plenty of opportunities to meet your colleagues around the globe as we also celebrate a variety of personal interests with organized groups and clubs including an Employee Action Committee, Women of Brightcove, Pride of Brightcove, Parents of Brightcove  and more to come!
We recognize that no candidate is perfect and Brightcove would love to have the chance to get to know you. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. Brightcove embraces diversity and seeks candidates who support persons of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented andor marginalized identities to apply. If you need any accommodations for your interview, please email recruitingbrightcove.com. 
BC20987
LI-MR