About Brightcove
Brightcove is revolutionizing the way organizations deliver video experiences. We are passionate about online video, and day in and day out we help our customers focus on using video to move their business in meaningful ways, whether thats in broadcasting or publishing, marketing, or enterprise communications. We do this through continuous technical innovation, nurturing a broad video-centric ecosystem, and by being a true partner to our customers. Video moves us and it moves our customers, thousands of them in over 70 countries. We have a culture that values empowerment, individual and team excellence, honesty, and customer-centricity. If you are smart and have a high drive to get things done, we want to work with you!
Position Overview
We are looking for an exceptional person to join us as an Account Manager as a member of our growing Account management team in Australia and help Brightcove achieve breakout growth. This person must have a proven track record for delivering on or exceeding revenue goals and take pride in getting it done.
The candidate we will hire will be highly self-motivated, extremely organized, team-oriented, creative, and possess outstanding communication and negotiating skills. This roles primary responsibility is cross-selling and upselling into a base of existing customers and requires relationship building, extensive pipeline generation and prospecting. This role also requires a close partnership with the Customer SuccessAccount Retention team to ultimately ensure complete customer satisfaction and maximum value return from Brightcove products  services. 
 
Job Responsibilities

Develop an in-depth understanding of the customers business, challenges, and requirements and explain how the Brightcove platform could benefit them.
Build relationships with customers to encourage new and repeat business.
Work with project champions at clients and within the organization to make sure needs are met. Interact both internally with product team, and professional services and externally with customers.
Manage existing clients including analyzing monthly usage etc.
Negotiate contract renewals and upselladd-on opportunities
Recruit new Partners and conduct promotional activity.

 
QualificationsExperience

5 years of Account Management experience in the IT industry (Cloud, SaaS, PaaS preferred).
Experience working in the VideoStreaming sector is highly desirable.
Demonstrated ability to multi-task across a wide range of accounts.
Demonstrated ability to present to technical and non-technical audiences and be able to handle objections on the fly.
An ability to listen to customer needs, assess these needs effectively and address them through new products and services.
Excellent presentation and communication skills.
High level of comfort and experience working with all levels of professionals both internally and externally.
A proven track record delivering on or exceeding goals.
Proven ability to operate effectively in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial young company in which cross-functional teamwork and initiative is a must.
Familiarity with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript is a plus.
Familiarity working with APIs and SDKs is a plus.
Experience developing technical solutions is a plus.

Special Conditions

Travel as and when required
This is a quota-carrying role

 
About Brightcove 
Brightcove is a diverse, global team of smart, passionate people who are revolutionizing the way organizations deliver video. Were hyped up about storytelling, and about helping organizations reach their audiences in bold and innovative ways. When video is done right, it can have a powerful and lasting effect. Hearts open. Minds change. 
Since 2004, Brightcove has been supporting customers that are some of the largest media companies, enterprises, events, and non-profit organizations in the world. There are over 600 Brightcovers globally, each of us representing our unique talents and we have built a culture that values authenticity, individual empowerment, excellence and collaboration. This culture enables us to harness the incredible power of video and create an environment where you will want to grow, stay and thrive. Bottom line: We take our video seriously, and we take great pride in doing it as oneteam.
 
Working at Brightcove
We strive to provide our employees with an environment where they can do their best work and be their best selves. This includes a focus on our employees work experience, actively creating a culture where inclusion and growth are at the center, and hiring, recognizing, promoting employees who are committed to living and breathing these same ideals. We value collaboration, creativity, worklife balance, professional growth and creating an empowering space for open communication. Whether youre in one of our offices around the world or working remotely you have plenty of opportunities to meet colleagues and celebrate a variety of personal interests with organized groups and clubs including an Employee Action Committee, Women of Brightcove, Pride of Brightcove, Parents of Brightcove  and more to come!
We recognize that no candidate is perfect and Brightcove would love to have the chance to get to know you. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. Brightcove embraces diversity and seeks candidates who support persons of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented andor marginalized identities to apply. If you need any accommodations for your interview, please email recruitingbrightcove.com. 
The Brightcove Privacy Policy explains the processing and purposes of any personal information.
 
BC20982
LI-AO1
 