Brightcove is looking for a Technical Support Representative - Intern to join our Support Team! We are looking for an exceptional person to experience the excitement and growth in our very dynamic and fast-paced Customer Support Organization. The right candidate is a highly motivated person who has a solid technical background, specifically in web-based technologies. We are looking for someone who loves to find that needle in the haystack as much as they like communicating that find.
Job Responsibilities 

Assist in creating and updating internal documentation for the Support Team.
Support teams Technical Experience Manager on tool management, and other ad-hoc projects. 
Build and maintain tools and automation to help the Technical Support team improve the customer experience.
Monitor the performance and capacity of live video systems and quality of video delivery by using a variety of tools and devices.
Determine the cause of the problems, communicate to the customer and escalate to the corresponding engineering teams

QualificationsExperience 

In pursuit of a college degree
Experience in a Customer Service organization or call center is a plus
Demonstrated ability to lead and manage initiatives to completion
Excellent written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills
Proven analytical problem-solving ability
Demonstrated ability to learn new skills quickly
Ability to work independently and as a part of a team
Ability to resolve conflicts in a productive and professional manner
Very people-oriented
Ability to multitask or prioritize tasks
Exposure to online video and rich media technologies is a plus

About Brightcove 
Brightcove is a diverse, global team of smart, passionate people who are revolutionizing the way organizations deliver video. Were hyped up about storytelling, and about helping organizations reach their audiences in bold and innovative ways. When video is done right, it can have a powerful and lasting effect. Hearts open. Minds change. 
Since 2004, Brightcove has been supporting customers that are some of the largest media companies, enterprises, events, and non-profit organizations in the world. There are over 600 Brightcovers globally, each of us representing our unique talents and we have built a culture that values authenticity, individual empowerment, excellence and collaboration. This culture enables us to harness the incredible power of video and create an environment where you will want to grow, stay and thrive. Bottom line: We take our video seriously, and we take great pride in doing it as oneteam.
WORKING AT BRIGHTCOVE 
We strive to provide our employees with an environment where they can do their best work and be their best selves. This includes a focus on our employees work experience, actively creating a culture where inclusion and growth are at the center, and hiring, recognizing, promoting employees who are committed to living and breathing these same ideals.  
While remote work arrangements are available for most positions we also offer hybrid or on-site working options in our vibrant Guadalajara office located right in front of Andares shopping mall where employees enjoy access to fully-stocked kitchens, company events and social activities as well as an inspiring work environment. We are focused on creating a culture where inclusion and growth are at the center. We value collaboration, creativity, worklife balance, professional growth and providing an empowering space for open communication. You will have plenty of opportunities to meet your colleagues around the globe as we also celebrate a variety of personal interests with organized groups and clubs including an Employee Action Committee, Women of Brightcove, Pride of Brightcove, Parents of Brightcove  and more to come!
We recognize that no candidate is perfect and Brightcove would love to have the chance to get to know you. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. Brightcove embraces diversity and seeks candidates who support persons of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented andor marginalized identities to apply. If you need any accommodations for your interview, please email recruitingbrightcove.com. 
The Brightcove Privacy Policy explains the processing and purposes of any personal information.
BC20993