We are searching for an exceptional person to join us as a Senior Account Manager as a member of our growing Account management team in Tokyo and help Brightcove achieve breakout growth. This person must have a proactive attitude and a proven track record for delivering on or exceeding revenue goals and take pride in getting it done.
The candidate we will hire will be highly self-motivated, extremely organized, team-oriented, creative, and possess outstanding communication and negotiating skills. This roles primary responsibility is cross-selling and upselling into a base of existing customers and requires relationship building, extensive pipeline generation and prospecting. This role also requires to act as the Customer SuccessAccount Retention team to ultimately ensure complete customer satisfaction and maximum value return from Brightcove products  services. 
Job Responsibilities

Develop an in-depth understanding of the customers business, challenges and requirements and explain how the Brightcove platform could benefit them.
Build relationships with key contact person of Partners to encourageupgrade new and repeat business.
Work with project champions at clients and within organization to make sure needs are met. Interact both internally with product team, finance team and professional services and externally with customers.
Manage existing clients including renewing the contract, and analyzing monthly usage and business contribution etc.
Negotiate contract renewals and upselladd-on opportunities
Recruit new Partners and conduct promotional activity.

QualificationsExperience

5 years of Account Manager andor Sales experience in the IT industry (Cloud, SaaS, PaaS preferred).
Media industry experience a plus
Demonstrated ability to multi-task across a wide range of accounts.
Demonstrated ability to present to technical and non-technical audiences and be able to handle objections on the fly.
An ability to listen to customer needs, assess these needs effectively and address them through new products and services.
Excellent presentation and communication skills.
High level of comfort and experience working with all levels of professionals both internally and externally.
A proven track record delivering on or exceeding goals.
Proven ability to operate effectively in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial young company in which cross-functional teamwork and initiative is a must.
Familiarity with HTML, CSS and JavaScript is a plus.
Familiarity working with APIs and SDKs is a plus.
Experience developing technical solutions is a plus.

Special Conditions

Japanese native.  English a plus. 
Travel needs: When necessary.  
This is a quota-carrying role

About Brightcove 
Brightcove is a diverse, global team of smart, passionate people who are revolutionizing the way organizations deliver video. Were hyped up about storytelling, and about helping organizations reach their audiences in bold and innovative ways. When video is done right, it can have a powerful and lasting effect. Hearts open. Minds change. 
Since 2004, Brightcove has been supporting customers that are some of the largest media companies, enterprises, events, and non-profit organizations in the world. There are over 600 Brightcovers globally, each of us representing our unique talents and we have built a culture that values authenticity, individual empowerment, excellence and collaboration. This culture enables us to harness the incredible power of video and create an environment where you will want to grow, stay and thrive. Bottom line: We take our video seriously, and we take great pride in doing it as oneteam.
WORKING AT BRIGHTCOVE 
While remote work arrangements are available for most positions we also offer hybrid or in office options in our innovative Tokyo office. Located at PMO Tamachi 9th floor, 5-31-17 Shiba, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-0014, we are just 3 minutes walking distance from JR TAMACHI station and Toei MitaAsakusa line MITA station. Whether you are working in office or remotely, you will have plenty of opportunities to meet your colleagues around the globe and we also celebrate a variety of personal interests with organized groups and clubs including an Employee Action Committee, Women of Brightcove, Pride of Brightcove, Parents of Brightcove  and more to come!
We recognize that no candidate is perfect and Brightcove would love to have the chance to get to know you. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. Brightcove embraces diversity and seeks candidates who support persons of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented andor marginalized identities to apply. If you need any accommodations for your interview, please email recruitingbrightcove.com. 
The Brightcove Privacy Policy explains the processing and purposes of any personal information.
BC20975
LI-Remote