We are looking for an exceptional person to experience the excitement and growth in our very dynamic and fast-paced Customer Support Organization. The right candidate is a highly motivated person who has a solid technical background, specifically in web-based and video technologies. We are looking for someone who is passionate about video live streaming and ready to help our customers by providing the best recommendations and aid during important events.
Job Responsibilities

Live video monitoring and troubleshooting.
Researching issues, replicating technical problems, and communicating directly with customers to provide outstanding customer support via phone, live chat and email.
Analyze technical trends and recommend product and documentation enhancements, and actively contribute to our online community and knowledge database for up-to-date customer information and solutions.
This is a global team, so this role will be interacting closely with Support offices in the US, Mexico, Europe, Australia, Singapore and Japan, as well as with customers around the world.

QualificationsExperience

Bachelors degree (CS degree preferred but not required).
1 years of work experience in a customer-facing position
Excellent communication skills and strong customer focus.
Exposure to online technical problem solving and triage.
Proven analytical  problem-solving ability.
Proven ability to work with the team to quickly and calmly resolve technical issues.
Demonstrated ability to learn new skills quickly.
Ability to work independently and as a part of a team.
Required to be flexible, detail-oriented, and organized with the ability to multi-task.

Technical Experience

Strong technology background with a comprehensive knowledge of PC-based (Mac OS is a plus) applications.
Basic understanding of network applications, including internet technologies such as browser compatibility, firewalls  proxy servers.
Working knowledge of web-based technologies, including HTML, XML, FTP, JavaScript, and CSS.
Familiarity and working knowledge with online video and rich media.
Exposure to video encoding applications.
Knowledge of live online video production concepts, including encoding, packaging, CDN,  Ingestiondelivery protocols.

About Brightcove 
Brightcove is a diverse, global team of smart, passionate people who are revolutionizing the way organizations deliver video. Were hyped up about storytelling, and about helping organizations reach their audiences in bold and innovative ways. When video is done right, it can have a powerful and lasting effect. Hearts open. Minds change. 
Since 2004, Brightcove has been supporting customers that are some of the largest media companies, enterprises, events, and non-profit organizations in the world. There are over 600 Brightcovers globally, each of us representing our unique talents and we have built a culture that values authenticity, individual empowerment, excellence and collaboration. This culture enables us to harness the incredible power of video and create an environment where you will want to grow, stay and thrive. Bottom line: We take our video seriously, and we take great pride in doing it as oneteam.
WORKING AT BRIGHTCOVE 
We strive to provide our employees with an environment where they can do their best work and be their best selves. This includes a focus on our employees work experience, actively creating a culture where inclusion and growth are at the center, and hiring, recognizing, promoting employees who are committed to living and breathing these same ideals. 
We are committed to being an inclusive employer and we are happy to consider flexible working arrangements: whether you work in our Chennai, India office or remotely, we have plenty of opportunities to meet your colleagues around the globe and we also celebrate a variety of personal interests with organized groups and clubs including an Employee Action Committee, Women of Brightcove, Pride of Brightcove, Parents of Brightcove  and more to come!
We recognize that no candidate is perfect and Brightcove would love to have the chance to get to know you. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. Brightcove embraces diversity and seeks candidates who support persons of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented andor marginalized identities to apply. If you need any accommodations for your interview, please email recruitingbrightcove.com. 
The Brightcove Privacy Policy explains the processing and purposes of any personal information.
BC20979