Data, and how they are used, play a central role at Brightcove and are at the heart of how we make business, product, marketing, and operational decisions. Our centralized Data organization (Analytics, Data Science, and Data Engineering) is a specialized, cross-functional group that collaborates with a variety of departments to drive decisions and provide direction for future growth at Brightcove. The Data Engineering team designs, develops and operates big data services and tools to provide reporting and analytics for our customers and for the business from concept to delivery. We do this on a massive scale, capturing billions of events a day from our video players across the globe. Our team is responsible for deploying to production while delivering differentiated value to our customers. We are seeking a seasoned leader and data practitioner with strong technical depth to drive engineering platforms, initiatives and partnerships across the company. In this role reporting to the SVP, Head of Data, you will be responsible for leading an organizational effort to build and scale state-of-the-art data platforms to solve various data-driven business use cases and needs. These data platforms will be powering data products and data initiatives across the company, including Video, Billing, Financials, Ad Monetization, Audience Insights, Product Analytics, Marketing, Customer Success and Personalization.
Job Responsibilities 

Hire, develop, motivate, inspire and lead a team of top talent data engineers and architects
Develop, architect, propose, integrate and implement core data engineering, business intelligence, and data warehouse frameworks, systems, tools, roadmaps, goals, and best practices in support of key company data initiatives
Provide technical thought leadership to cross-functional stakeholders and leaders to ensure team priorities and output directly impacts company strategy, direction and growth
Provide technical and architectural oversight for systems and projects that are required to be reliable, massively scalable, highly available (99.999 uptime) and maintainable.
Champion security and governance and ensure data engineering team adheres to all company guidelines
Manage data infrastructurecloud cost and responsible for improving efficiency and performance
Introduce best practices and principles to enable consistent delivery and enable alignment with long term direction.
Communicate effectively and present to all levels of the organization and to technical and non-technical audiences.
Develop deep partnership with cross-functional teams with varying backgrounds, from the highly technical to the highly creatives

QualificationsExperience 

Bachelors degree in Engineering, Computer Science or similar discipline. Advanced degree is a plus.
10 years of experience in Data Engineering or Engineering fields with increasing responsibility and strong track record of technical competencies and business strategy, both as an individual contributor and managing teams.
5 years of experience in building, managing, and leading a high-performing top talent data engineering team
Video streaming experience across OTT, Live and Video on Demand platforms is highly desired 
Experience with video streaming monetization platforms and data driven decision making for AVOD, SVOD, TVOD, FAST and Ad optimization is highly desired 
Ability to develop and execute roadmaps and state-of-the-art data platforms to drive and support decisions and initiative across the organization
Track record of implementing and scaling secure data platform for startups, enterprise or largepublic companies
Strengths in at least a few programming languages - Python, Java, Scala 
Expertise in building and managing large volume data processing (both streaming and batch) platforms
Expertise in scaling data environments with distributedRT systems, e.g. Apache Spark, Flink, and self-serve visualization environments
Expertise in cloud based and SaaS data warehouse (e.g. AWSGCP, Snowflake, NoSQL) and developing ETLELT pipelines
Experience integrating and building data platform in support of BI (TableauLooker), Analytics, Data Science, and real-time applications
Thrive on empowering team members and view the teams success as own
Expertise in stream processing systems such as Kafka, Kinesis, Pulsar or Similar is a plus
Experience in building micro services and managing containerized deployments, preferably using Kubernetes
Experience with agile methodologies

About Brightcove 
Brightcove is a diverse, global team of smart, passionate people who are revolutionizing the way organizations deliver video. Were hyped up about storytelling, and about helping organizations reach their audiences in bold and innovative ways. When video is done right, it can have a powerful and lasting effect. Hearts open. Minds change. 
Since 2004, Brightcove has been supporting customers that are some of the largest media companies, enterprises, events, and non-profit organizations in the world. There are over 600 Brightcovers globally, each of us representing our unique talents and we have built a culture that values authenticity, individual empowerment, excellence and collaboration. This culture enables us to harness the incredible power of video and create an environment where you will want to grow, stay and thrive. Bottom line: We take our video seriously, and we take great pride in doing it as oneteam.
WORKING AT BRIGHTCOVE 
We strive to provide our employees with an environment where they can do their best work and be their best selves. This includes a focus on our employees work experience, actively creating a culture where inclusion and growth are at the center, and hiring, recognizing, promoting employees who are committed to living and breathing these same ideals.  
While remote work arrangements are available for most positions we also offer hybrid or on-site working options in our Boston office, located in beautiful Fort Point harbor. Employees enjoy access to fully-stocked kitchens and social activities including: happy hours, trivia, ping pong tournaments, and events and celebrations of all kinds. You will have plenty of opportunities to meet your colleagues around the globe as we also celebrate a variety of personal interests with organized groups and clubs including an Employee Action Committee, Women of Brightcove, Pride of Brightcove, Parents of Brightcove  and more!
We recognize that no candidate is perfect and Brightcove would love to have the chance to get to know you. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. Brightcove embraces diversity and seeks candidates who support persons of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented andor marginalized identities to apply. If you need any accommodations for your interview, please email recruitingbrightcove.com. 
The Brightcove Privacy Policy explains the processing and purposes of any personal information.
LI-Remote
BC20945At Brightcove, we believe that providing comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits packages across the globe are essential to our employees. Base salary is just one component of Brightcoves total rewards program. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that may include bonus or commission, Brightcove stock, unlimited paid time off, 401(K) matching, health insurance (medical, dental, and vision), generous employer Health Savings Account (HSA) contributions, tuition reimbursement, 100 paid parental leave and more.USA Brightcove Base Salary Range177,200—265,800 USD