Position Overview
Brightcove is looking for a highly motivated, collaborative, analytically minded individual to join our growing Finance team! The Senior Financial Analyst will support the organization with reporting, budgeting, business partnering, strategic thinking and ad-hoc analysis to help the business make smart decisions with operational efficiency.
The ideal candidate is someone who thrives in a fast pace, less structured environment than your typical corporate setting.  You will be a key member of the Finance team and must be willing to roll up your sleeves and hit the ground running with a positive attitude, curiosity and a desire to learn. If this sounds like you, apply today!
Job Responsibilities:

Coordinate and assist in the execution of the budgeting and forecasting process.
Provide general analytic support of departments and key business initiatives.
Develop and maintain standard monthly reporting to be consumed across all levels of the organization, both internally and externally.
Prepare monthly and quarterly management reporting - analyzing financial results, understanding key trends, assessing current and future business risk, and communicatingpresenting key messages to senior management.
Initiate and own development and improvement of reporting and other finance related processes.
Build business partner relationships across the organization.
Support the accounting team in the month end close process, assisting with journal entries and variance analysis as needed. 
Provide feedback and analysis concerning trends.

QualificationsExperience:

5 years of related financial analysis experience.
Bachelors Degree in business administration, finance, economics or related field.
Excellent analytical and quantitative skills, including a high level of attention to detail
Salesforce, Workday, Adaptive and Thinkcell experience a plus.
FPA certification or CPA a plus.
Strong communication skills (written and verbal).
Strong analytical, organizational, and problem-solving skills
Ability to present financial information and models in a concise and easily comprehensible manner
Curious, self-starter and active listener with a keen interest in and commitment to personal growth and continuous learning.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
Able to think strategically and operate effectively with all levels of the organization.

About Brightcove 
Brightcove is a diverse, global team of smart, passionate people who are revolutionizing the way organizations deliver video. Were hyped up about storytelling, and about helping organizations reach their audiences in bold and innovative ways. When video is done right, it can have a powerful and lasting effect. Hearts open. Minds change. 
Since 2004, Brightcove has been supporting customers that are some of the largest media companies, enterprises, events, and non-profit organizations in the world. There are over 600 Brightcovers globally, each of us representing our unique talents and we have built a culture that values authenticity, individual empowerment, excellence and collaboration. This culture enables us to harness the incredible power of video and create an environment where you will want to grow, stay and thrive. Bottom line: We take our video seriously, and we take great pride in doing it as oneteam.
WORKING AT BRIGHTCOVE 
We strive to provide our employees with an environment where they can do their best work and be their best selves. This includes a focus on our employees work experience, actively creating a culture where inclusion and growth are at the center, and hiring, recognizing, promoting employees who are committed to living and breathing these same ideals. We value collaboration, creativity, worklife balance, professional growth and creating an empowering space for open communication. Whether youre in one of our offices around the world or working remotely you have plenty of opportunities to meet colleagues and celebrate a variety of personal interests with organized groups and clubs including an Employee Action Committee, Women of Brightcove, Pride of Brightcove, Parents of Brightcove  and more to come!
We recognize that no candidate is perfect and Brightcove would love to have the chance to get to know you. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. Brightcove embraces diversity and seeks candidates who support persons of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented andor marginalized identities to apply. If you need any accommodations for your interview, please email recruitingbrightcove.com. 
The Brightcove Privacy Policy explains the processing and purposes of any personal information.
BC20981At Brightcove, we believe that providing comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits packages across the globe are essential to our employees. Base salary is just one component of Brightcoves total rewards program. We offer a wide range of benefits and perks that may include bonus or commission, Brightcove stock, unlimited paid time off, 401(K) matching, health insurance (medical, dental, and vision), generous employer Health Savings Account (HSA) contributions, tuition reimbursement, 100 paid parental leave and more.USA Brightcove Base Salary Range90,800—136,200 USD