Position Overview
Our Sales Engineers act as key members of the customer-facing team and are responsible for aligning Brightcove products and services with customer objectives. Sales Engineers drive customer conversations to uncover, scope, and define customer business objectives addressable by Brightcove capabilities while demonstrating the ability to influence the sales process effectively to overcome customer objections.
An ideal candidate can learn new technologies quickly and incorporate them into our sales motion, stay informed of the competitive landscape of video, and provide the development of technology solutions that help customers accelerate their business initiatives.
The role will consist of providing customers and sales reps with products andor solutions advice and guidance during pre-sales discussions, You will be asked to maintain working knowledge of engineering and complex aspects of our products; answer complex questions on function and usage; and solve sales support problems. Youll also prepare and perform detailed product demonstrations and product prototypes for prospects; and may provide installation support and post-sales consulting.
Additionally you will serve as a technical advisor with account managers for existing customers. You will help foster strong relationships and understand a customers evolving needs. From time to time there will be a need to assist customers with product familiraisation, new feature updates, and integration to endorse the needs of our install base or support growth. Youll also proactively identify opportunities to enhance customer success through value-added services and technical support.
You will also need to help develop and maintain strong relationships with strategic partners in region, including technology integrators and resellers. This will require some education for partners on product features, best practices, and value propositions, empowering them to effectively promote and support our own solutions.
Were seeking candidates who are able to work proficiently under general supervision and at times as individual contributor on product driven sales, renewal or growth opportunities.
You will;

Own the technical side of sales engagements with clients and prospects
Understand customers requirements and develop technical solutions for client-specific use cases
Create clear, detailed solution documentation outlining our recommended solutions.
Build and present customized demos of Brightcove products
Respond effectively to RFPs
Collaborate with the Brightcove Global Services team to provide enhancements and custom solutions to clients
Work closely with product development to maintain the feedback loop from customers

Special Conditions

The compensation structure for this role consists of a base salary and a sales incentive plan
Travel when necessary to meet customers - up to 30 travel. Please note that while we are currently not traveling due to COVID-19, this is subject to change. 

QualificationsExperience

5 years experience in a Technical Sales role, or an implementation or technical Digital MarketingMedia role
Demonstrated ability to multi-task across a wide range of tasks and clients
Demonstrated ability to present to technical audiences and be able to handle objections on the fly
A proven track record delivering on or exceeding goals
Demonstrated experience with web technologies (HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, etc.)
Experience with server-side languages (Python, Node, PHP, etc.) and APIs strongly preferred
Hands-on approach to tackling tactical as well as strategic work
Excellent written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills
Experience developing technical solutions
Experience in streaming media or video space preferred

About Brightcove 
Brightcove is a diverse, global team of smart, passionate people who are revolutionizing the way organizations deliver video. Were hyped up about storytelling, and about helping organizations reach their audiences in bold and innovative ways. When video is done right, it can have a powerful and lasting effect. Hearts open. Minds change. 
Since 2004, Brightcove has been supporting customers that are some of the largest media companies, enterprises, events, and non-profit organizations in the world. There are over 600 Brightcovers globally, each of us representing our unique talents and we have built a culture that values authenticity, individual empowerment, excellence and collaboration. This culture enables us to harness the incredible power of video and create an environment where you will want to grow, stay and thrive. Bottom line: We take our video seriously, and we take great pride in doing it as oneteam.
WORKING AT BRIGHTCOVE 
We strive to provide our employees with an environment where they can do their best work and be their best selves. This includes a focus on our employees work experience, actively creating a culture where inclusion and growth are at the center, and hiring, recognizing, promoting employees who are committed to living and breathing these same ideals. We value collaboration, creativity, worklife balance, professional growth and creating an empowering space for open communication. Whether youre in one of our offices around the world or working remotely you have plenty of opportunities to meet colleagues and celebrate a variety of personal interests with organized groups and clubs including an Employee Action Committee, Women of Brightcove, Pride of Brightcove, Parents of Brightcove  and more to come!
We recognize that no candidate is perfect and Brightcove would love to have the chance to get to know you. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. Brightcove embraces diversity and seeks candidates who support persons of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented andor marginalized identities to apply. If you need any accommodations for your interview, please email recruitingbrightcove.com. 
The Brightcove Privacy Policy explains the processing and purposes of any personal information.
 
 
LI-AO1
BC20951
 
 