About the role:
We are searching for an exceptional person to take a position as a member of our growing account management team. This person must have a proven track record for delivering on or exceeding revenue goals. The candidate must be highly motivated, extremely organized, team-oriented, creative, and possess outstanding communication and negotiating skills. This is a relationship-driven role that is responsible for onboarding all new strategic accounts, and thereafter, remaining active, consultative partners focused on helping Brightcoves clients meet business goals through the use of video.
The Account Director is an expert in all things Brightcove: This person works with customers to guide video projects, introduce new features to the market, and overall, ensures users are making the most out of Brightcove. Account Directors also negotiate contract renewals and upselling of new products and services, and in doing so, contribute directly toward Brightcoves growth.
Job Responsibilities:

Develop and execute a territory plan focused on customer growth, retention, and revenue generation.
Manage a collection of top-tier accounts including onboarding, contract renewals
Build a metrics-driven sales pipeline of new opportunities within the account base.
Accurately forecast monthly and quarterly expected up-sell revenue.
Accurately forecast quarterly retention rates and work on planning to renew strategic customers
Continually identify and communicate customer knowledge gaps and opportunities for Brightcove products and services. 
Evaluate market trends and gather competitive information, identifying trends that impact current and future growth of regional sales and profitability. 
Help to build the knowledge base in applicable Brightcove communities including lessons learned, best practices, tools, methods, and product enhancements.

SkillsQualifications:

8 years of related experience in account management with a record of achievement in meeting and exceeding goals.
Solid track record in a SaaS environment, preferably selling into Director and C-Level executives in videobroadcasting, martech, advertising  media technology,
Demonstrated ability to develop, manage, and carry through complex deals to closure.
Demonstrated ability to qualify opportunities and interact with other team members to work toward closing deals.
An ability to assess and uncover client needs and pain points effectively and provide solutions through new products and services.
Detailed understanding of client business strategy, drivers, goals and initiatives and translating these into Brightcove selling opportunities.
Demonstrate excellent networking skills to identify the right customer stakeholders and build connections quickly to drive consensus for deals; drive communications with internal cross functional teams for deal success.
Retain a customer-first attitude while still exhibiting excellent negotiation skills.
Passion for video and technology is a must 
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills and proven presentationdemonstration skills with clients and partners.
BABS in Business, Marketing or related field is highly desired 

Special Conditions

Travel as and when required
This is a quota-carrying role
Japanese and English - Bilingual
 

About Brightcove 
Brightcove is a diverse, global team of smart, passionate people who are revolutionizing the way organizations deliver video. Were hyped up about storytelling, and about helping organizations reach their audiences in bold and innovative ways. When video is done right, it can have a powerful and lasting effect. Hearts open. Minds change. 
Since 2004, Brightcove has been supporting customers that are some of the largest media companies, enterprises, events, and non-profit organizations in the world. There are over 600 Brightcovers globally, each of us representing our unique talents and we have built a culture that values authenticity, individual empowerment, excellence and collaboration. This culture enables us to harness the incredible power of video and create an environment where you will want to grow, stay and thrive. Bottom line: We take our video seriously, and we take great pride in doing it as oneteam.
Working at Brightcove
While remote work arrangements are available for most positions we also offer hybrid or in office options in our innovative Tokyo office. Located at PMO Tamachi 9th floor, 5-31-17 Shiba, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-0014, we are just 3 minutes walking distance from JR TAMACHI station and Toei MitaAsakusa line MITA station. Whether you are working in office or remotely, you will have plenty of opportunities to meet your colleagues around the globe and we also celebrate a variety of personal interests with organized groups and clubs including an Employee Action Committee, Women of Brightcove, Pride of Brightcove, Parents of Brightcove  and more to come!
We recognize that no candidate is perfect and Brightcove would love to have the chance to get to know you. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. Brightcove embraces diversity and seeks candidates who support persons of all identities and backgrounds. We strongly encourage individuals from underrepresented andor marginalized identities to apply. If you need any accommodations for your interview, please email recruitingbrightcove.com. 
The Brightcove Privacy Policy explains the processing and purposes of any personal information.
 
 
 
BC20974
 
 
LI-AO1