Are you on a mission to create games that bond players together into deeply invested communities?  Would you like to work on something comedic with lighthearted and whimsical characters?  Do you think a lot about how art impacts gameplay, how character design can enable fan cosplays, or how character poses and environments speak to different cultures all around the world?
As the Art Director on an incubation, you will define the look of a new Bungie IP and work on all aspects of art as the game moves from incubation through launch and beyond. Most importantly, you will work with a fun, dedicated, cross-discipline team united around our mission to create a positive impact in peoples lives as we bring a new Bungie world to life.
We look for candidates who value joining a mission-focused team with a diverse set of backgrounds, experiences, interests, and viewpoints.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Collaborate closely with team to contribute to and uphold the creative vision of the game
In collaboration with your art team, define the look of the project and elevate other artists work to maintain craft quality
Establish style guides and specs required to define and document the art direction of the project
Develop milestones for art team through clear direction and sustainable scoping
Lead and manage relationships with external art contractors
Help grow, mentor, and guide the team, including directly managing art team members

REQUIRED SKILLS

Demonstrable experience leading, empowering, and collaborating with an art team through multiple phases of a large-scale, high-quality game project
Proven track record of delivering clear and consistent visual feedback that elevates other artists work
A passion for andor desire to explore and iterate on possibilities of stylized (real-time) visuals
Embraces a we culture in addition to being an outstanding collaborator and communicator
Ability to take initiative to solve problems with excellent follow-through
Strong familiarity with the competitive gaming landscape

NICE-TO-HAVE SKILLS

Familiarity with development using Unreal Engine
Experience working on a live game (game as a service)
Listed below is this roles base pay range. In other locations that Bungie has approved for remote work, this pay range may be adjusted up to - 10 and some roles may be classified as non-exempt (hourly). This range is determined by an array of factors, including training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs, and market demands. Additionally, it is subject to change and may be modified in the future. In the journey to make incredible worlds, Bungie employees dont simply do meaningful work - they receive meaningful support. Competitive salaries and discretionary bonus opportunities are just the start. We offer comprehensive healthcare coverage, generous 401(k) matching, flexible time off policies, paid parental leave, social clubs, and so much more. Check out our benefits page: Benefits - Bungie Careers to see all the perks that come with joining Bungie.Bellevue Pay Range195,000—220,000 USD 

Bungie full-time (non-contract) employees in the U.S. also receive:

20 days of accrued time-off in the form of PTO and sabbatical days, depending on the level of the position
10 paid Floating Days annually, prorated in the first year of employment based on start date
10 paid Bungie-observed holidays annually
One hour of Paid Sick Time (PST) for every 30 hours worked 

Contract and International FTE employees receive competitive benefits through their relevant contracting agency.

So you dont meet every requirement listed in this job description? Do you think your experience level is not where it needs to be? Studies show that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they believe they meet every single qualification. Bungie is focused on building a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace. If youre interested in this position but your past experience doesnt line up perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we want you to apply anyway. The right role for you may be right around the corner!
 
Most Bungie full-time employees will adopt a digital first approach allowing remote work in Bungie approved locations (outside of positions identified as 100 onsite in BellevueSeattle, or individuals preferring a hybridflex environment). Prospective full-time employees located outside of CA, CO, DC, FL, GA, ID, IL, MA, MD, MI, MN, NC, NJ, NY, OR, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, or WI will need to establish residency in one of the states we are compliant in within 45 days of a start date. Contractors will follow a digital first approach adhering to the location guidelines agreed upon by our third-party employervendor and Bungie. Bungies remote policy is subject to change at the companys discretion. 