Bungie is seeking a highly technical, creative, and team-oriented Staff Gameplay Designer who is excited to build our next great game.
Do you love the challenge of designing great gameplay?  Are you excited to be involved in implementing and communicating design alignment across a large team of internal developers, and take them along for the journey through development? You may have specialties, but at your core, you are a full-spectrum developer. One day you might be evaluating and designing movement systems, the next day, planning out Gameplay pursuits and build-crafting experiences.
As a Staff Gameplay Designer, you will work closely with the Design Team to craft a robust sandbox of gameplay systems, abilities, combat synergies and character content. You will collaborate with team members from other disciplines to drive a holistic gameplay experience. You will contribute to the design processes to ensure your work is the very best it can possibly be. Additionally, you will also work closely with other Leads to prepare creative plans and evaluations and guide our peers toward meeting the experiential needs of the players and markets.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Build compelling second-to-second gameplay experiences through character sandbox mechanics, especially 3C (Character, Camera and Controls) design
Collaboratively plan, design, and evaluate top notch abilities gameplay
Work closely with the Leadership Team to set guidelines for implementation of the Marathon IP via the extraction shooter genre
Work with audio, effects, and animation developers to make in-game sandbox affordances clear to players
Support the work of cross-discipline teams to understand and execute on what is best for the game
Review the content of partner teams and skillfully work with them to revise and ensure consistent sandbox and gameplay experiences
Maintain Marathon IP quality, consistency, along with sandbox design principles while implementing Gameplay content
Leading the communication and why behind gameplay design decisions
Ownership of features and development of design decisions with partner teams
Validation of gameplay features through Bungie IP and Franchise standards

REQUIRED SKILLS

Previous experience as a Sandbox Designer or Gameplay Designer on a AAA or large-scale game
Experience designing, documenting, and building combat and character systems
Intuitive understanding of how second-to-second action games work and why people play them
Excitement for collaboration with designers, artists, programmers, audio professionals, quality assurance and producers to achieve a common goal, no matter where they are
Ability to creatively align with the team and then take initiative locally and externally
Social intelligence, great interpersonal skills, and empathy for creative teams
Ability to handle ambiguity, including giving and handling feedback despite that ambiguity

NICE-TO-HAVE SKILLS     

Experience in Animation; able to talk anticipation, follow through, character and timing
Experience designing, documenting, and building weapon systems, damage systems, abilities, or any other sandbox system on any scale
Listed below is this roles base pay range. In other locations that Bungie has approved for remote work, this pay range may be adjusted up to - 10 and some roles may be classified as non-exempt (hourly). This range is determined by an array of factors, including training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs, and market demands. Additionally, it is subject to change and may be modified in the future. In the journey to make incredible worlds, Bungie employees dont simply do meaningful work - they receive meaningful support. Competitive salaries and discretionary bonus opportunities are just the start. We offer comprehensive healthcare coverage, generous 401(k) matching, flexible time off policies, paid parental leave, social clubs, and so much more. Check out our benefits page: Benefits - Bungie Careers to see all the perks that come with joining Bungie.Bellevue Pay Range160,000—189,000 USD 

Bungie full-time (non-contract) employees in the U.S. also receive:

20 days of accrued time-off in the form of PTO and sabbatical days, depending on the level of the position
10 paid Floating Days annually, prorated in the first year of employment based on start date
10 paid Bungie-observed holidays annually
One hour of Paid Sick Time (PST) for every 30 hours worked 

Contract and International FTE employees receive competitive benefits through their relevant contracting agency.

So you dont meet every requirement listed in this job description? Do you think your experience level is not where it needs to be? Studies show that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they believe they meet every single qualification. Bungie is focused on building a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace. If youre interested in this position but your past experience doesnt line up perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we want you to apply anyway. The right role for you may be right around the corner!
 
Most Bungie full-time employees will adopt a digital first approach allowing remote work in Bungie approved locations (outside of positions identified as 100 onsite in BellevueSeattle, or individuals preferring a hybridflex environment). Prospective full-time employees located outside of CA, CO, DC, FL, GA, ID, IL, MA, MD, MI, MN, NC, NJ, NY, OR, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, or WI will need to establish residency in one of the states we are compliant in within 45 days of a start date. Contractors will follow a digital first approach adhering to the location guidelines agreed upon by our third-party employervendor and Bungie. Bungies remote policy is subject to change at the companys discretion. 