At Bungie, we take pride in how Test helps deliver amazing experiences to our players. We accomplish this by crafting a preventative-care environment where QA has an equal seat at the table and where all members of the team are co-owners in quality.
As a Senior Test Lead joining an unannounced project, you will coordinate and oversee your small teams coverage by collaborating with cross-discipline peers throughout all phases of development from concept to post-ship. You will be responsible for a large holistic area and will carefully plan a unified approach months or years in advance for how your areas many features intersect and come together to build a cohesive player experience. In this role you will work with cross-discipline peers and test leadership to help establish early test best practices for your projects small teams going forward. You will have a deep impact on the way your projects small teams develop, the way test approaches planning and testing your project, how we collect and leverage data, how we partner with SDETs to leverage automation, and how we transition into a live service game. The projects teams are dedicated to developing in a sustainable and healthy way and you will be a critical part of realizing that vision.
You will lead the conversation with your cross-discipline leadership peers on how to mitigate complex project risks and deliver the most value to your players. Together with your Production, Engineering, and Design peers, you will craft robust future-facing strategies for consistently and sustainably delivering your areas holistic content while pivoting and evolving those strategies to meet ongoing needs. Senior Test Lead roles include management and leadership of full-time Test Engineers and Test Leads to ensure proper coverage for the large scope of your areas combined work. Bungies Senior Test Leads will need to thoughtfully and carefully delegate smaller areas and feature ownership as they lead via preemptive planning and strategy.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Plans and executes a preventative-care strategy with cross-discipline leadership
Helps establish healthy and team-owned QA best practices and processes that we can carry forward into production and beyond
Defines and oversees a sustainable cross-discipline test plan that takes into account the teams test staffing, quality goals, and time constraints
Develops sustainable test methodologies for their complex areas and holds their Test and cross-discipline peers accountable to those best practices
Builds and delegates test maintenance strategies for owned content once it has shipped
Increases the competency, dependability, and autonomy of managed reports through training and mentorship
Preemptively assesses and mitigates long-term risks in a games-as-a-service environment
Drives cross-discipline investigations into area-wide workflows and the production pipeline for the area of ownership
Identifies improvement opportunities and solutions to project-level risks (including but not limited to cross-discipline process, test staffing, toolingdata, test methodology, prioritization, and scheduling)
Utilizes project test coverage experience to work with team to build and maintain technical testing solutions that focus on short and long term sustainability and team efficiency gains
Assesses, escalates, and resolves area health and risks; postmortems those weak points and implements cross-discipline improvements to prevent them in the future

REQUIRED SKILLS

Strong desire to grow yourself and constantly evolve your approach and processes
Experience leading a test project on a large (or multiple) multi-discipline team in a live service environment
Robust leadership experience in a Test role within the games industry
Excellent and efficient coordination, management, and delegation of test coverage for multiple interconnected areas
Experience identifying efficiency opportunities for toolsscripting
Ability to translate large-scale and complex cross-discipline goals into cohesive test plans with a focus on cost effective alternatives and their trade-offs
Ability to effectively collaborate with external-to-team stakeholders, and to convey complex concepts in a digestible manner (including documentation creation and curation)
Ability to abstract, apply, and teach test concepts of risk, costvalue trade-offs, prioritization, and value-driven processes
Experience managing multiple full-time embedded test engineers and test leads

NICE-TO-HAVE SKILLS

Degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Game Design, related fields, or equivalent experience
Listed below is this roles base pay range. In other locations that Bungie has approved for remote work, this pay range may be adjusted up to - 10 and some roles may be classified as non-exempt (hourly). This range is determined by an array of factors, including training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs, and market demands. Additionally, it is subject to change and may be modified in the future. In the journey to make incredible worlds, Bungie employees dont simply do meaningful work - they receive meaningful support. Competitive salaries and discretionary bonus opportunities are just the start. We offer comprehensive healthcare coverage, generous 401(k) matching, flexible time off policies, paid parental leave, social clubs, and so much more. Check out our benefits page: Benefits - Bungie Careers to see all the perks that come with joining Bungie.Bellevue Pay Range110,000—136,000 USD 

Bungie full-time (non-contract) employees in the U.S. also receive:

20 days of accrued time-off in the form of PTO and sabbatical days, depending on the level of the position
10 paid Floating Days annually, prorated in the first year of employment based on start date
10 paid Bungie-observed holidays annually
One hour of Paid Sick Time (PST) for every 30 hours worked 

Contract and International FTE employees receive competitive benefits through their relevant contracting agency.

So you dont meet every requirement listed in this job description? Do you think your experience level is not where it needs to be? Studies show that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they believe they meet every single qualification. Bungie is focused on building a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace. If youre interested in this position but your past experience doesnt line up perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we want you to apply anyway. The right role for you may be right around the corner!
 
Most Bungie full-time employees will adopt a digital first approach allowing remote work in Bungie approved locations (outside of positions identified as 100 onsite in BellevueSeattle, or individuals preferring a hybridflex environment). Prospective full-time employees located outside of CA, CO, DC, FL, GA, ID, IL, MA, MD, MI, MN, NC, NJ, NY, OR, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, or WI will need to establish residency in one of the states we are compliant in within 45 days of a start date. Contractors will follow a digital first approach adhering to the location guidelines agreed upon by our third-party employervendor and Bungie. Bungies remote policy is subject to change at the companys discretion. 