The Director of Platform and Sales Strategy is a key leader in Bungies Publishing team overseeing global sales performance, franchise growth, incubation planning, and strategic platform partnerships. 
At Bungie, we value that teams are stronger than heroes, and in this role, you will be part of a collaborative team working together to publish the finest games in the industry!
As Director, you will guide and grow a team whose responsibility is to Bungies overall sales performance. You and your team will steer strategic business performance by providing our marketing, development, and incubation teams with accurate industry benchmarks, best-in-class business practices, and platform insights to ensure the future success of Bungie. Using data, consumer insights, and creative solutions, you will be a key contributor to our commercial performance, ensuring our Sales strategy reflects our players passion for their hobby. As the owners of  first party platform sales, you and your team will collaborate with the Product Management team, marketing, and development teams to deliver successful business outcomes for Bungie titles. While aligning external partners to support our commercial initiatives, you will design commercial strategies and execute go-to-market plans. 
 You will report to the Senior Director of Product Management.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Collaborate with development, publishing, and platform partners to devise and orchestrate effective business strategy and tactics across all regional markets based on empirical data, business insights, market benchmarks, thoughtful execution, and innovative ideas.
Communicate and collaborate with our games creators to help us successfully develop long-term franchise plans, as a key stakeholder of Bungies publishing team. 
Manage and grow the Sales Management team to build trust and success with our external business partners and internal key stakeholders.
Manage and grow the Sales Planning and Analysis team to identify new market trends to drive innovative business models for Bungie products.
Collaborate with the Account Management team to develop and expand the commercial partnerships with external platform partners.
Proactively identify and evaluate new revenue opportunities to grow the business through modern sales, SKU, and first party platform strategies
Drive the forecasting, performance measurement, and communication of results for our first party sales business, working closely with the Demand Planning team.
Work with business development, partnerships, and marketing teams to create comprehensive collaborations with external platforms, services, and new media channels.
Conduct regular meetings with commercial stakeholders in FinanceAccounting, Publishing, Product Management, Analytics, and Development to review and assess business performance.
Work with our Consumer Products teams to expand Bungie ecommerce and international sales and rewards strategy.
Collaborate with the Product Management team to create product solutions that amplify key events and launches while informing in-game commercial strategy.
Partner with the Bungie International team on developing new business strategies to help broaden the reach of our worlds that inspire life-long friendships.

REQUIRED SKILLS

Experience in the management and growth of a physical and digital Sales organization in the video games space
Experience managing and mentoring a high-performing sales team.
Experience in development incubation processes, franchise strategy and tactics.
Strong strategic thinking, problem solving, business insights, and data-informed judgment.
Proficiency with business intelligence tools to manage the team on sales reporting and research, working closely with business insights and services through a growth mindset.
Organized, detail-oriented, and able to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Expertise and a wealth of knowledge of games industry trends, the competitor landscape, and successful sales strategies in the space
Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience

NICE-TO-HAVE SKILLS

Deep familiarity with the Destiny franchise and its online player communities
Awareness and familiarity of Bungies history and culture
Experience working with live operations, games as a service, MMO websocialmobile experiences, and customer-centric software and services.
Experience in a start-up environment or working with a smaller team (building the team while also providing front-line support where necessary)
Deep understanding of software and game development processes, experience with agile and small team models
Listed below is this roles base pay range. In other locations that Bungie has approved for remote work, this pay range may be adjusted up to - 10 and some roles may be classified as non-exempt (hourly). This range is determined by an array of factors, including training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs, and market demands. Additionally, it is subject to change and may be modified in the future. In the journey to make incredible worlds, Bungie employees dont simply do meaningful work - they receive meaningful support. Competitive salaries and discretionary bonus opportunities are just the start. We offer comprehensive healthcare coverage, generous 401(k) matching, flexible time off policies, paid parental leave, social clubs, and so much more. Check out our benefits page: Benefits - Bungie Careers to see all the perks that come with joining Bungie.Bellevue Pay Range176,000—205,000 USD 

Bungie full-time (non-contract) employees in the U.S. also receive:

20 days of accrued time-off in the form of PTO and sabbatical days, depending on the level of the position
10 paid Floating Days annually, prorated in the first year of employment based on start date
10 paid Bungie-observed holidays annually
One hour of Paid Sick Time (PST) for every 30 hours worked 

Contract and International FTE employees receive competitive benefits through their relevant contracting agency.

So you dont meet every requirement listed in this job description? Do you think your experience level is not where it needs to be? Studies show that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they believe they meet every single qualification. Bungie is focused on building a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace. If youre interested in this position but your past experience doesnt line up perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we want you to apply anyway. The right role for you may be right around the corner!
 
Most Bungie full-time employees will adopt a digital first approach allowing remote work in Bungie approved locations (outside of positions identified as 100 onsite in BellevueSeattle, or individuals preferring a hybridflex environment). Prospective full-time employees located outside of CA, CO, DC, FL, GA, ID, IL, MA, MD, MI, MN, NC, NJ, NY, OR, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, or WI will need to establish residency in one of the states we are compliant in within 45 days of a start date. Contractors will follow a digital first approach adhering to the location guidelines agreed upon by our third-party employervendor and Bungie. Bungies remote policy is subject to change at the companys discretion. 