As a Senior Concept Artist on Bungies Marathon team, you will work closely with the Art Director and Art Leads to bring your passion for design to help establish and maintain this games unique sci-fi aesthetic, blending the themes of sports and tactical and graphic design. You will also work closely with the multiple disciplines to help them envision and realize final in-game content. We are looking to be amazed and bewildered with the creative, stylish designs and artwork that have the capability to inspire creative vision in those around you.
If this role speaks to you, we are right there with you, its what drives us every day. Give us a shout, we want to hear from you. We are the makers of worlds, dreams, and amazing things.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Collaborate closely with the Art Director, Art Lead and other Concept Artists to produce, advocate, and inspire quality designs that define and expand the look of the game.
Create inspiring and original visual designs, thumbnails, sketches, model sheets and production concept work within deadline, across a variety of asset types
Partner with multiple disciplines and stakeholders to consistently create concept art that fulfill highlevel IP goals for narrative, gameplay, marketing, PR, and art

REQUIRED SKILLS

Ability to work on a wide range of content categories at an advanced level (such as characters, weapons and equipment, props, environments, VFX, storyboards, graphic design and branding, illustrations, etc.)
A strong sensibility for graphic design and industrial design principles
Ability to thoroughly understand, and quickly adapt to a new style
An exceptional understanding of color, mood, lighting and architecture with a keen eye towards realistic spatial scale, staging, and composition with environmental design, and an emphasis on shape, structure, and silhouette regarding architectural and industrial design
Strong understanding of realistic character proportion and anatomy, and advanced understanding of fashion and thematic costume design
The ability to carry an idea from the conceptual phase to the finished illustration and an understanding of translating these ideas to real-time game content
Ability to build relationships, provide and receive feedback, and quickly iterate concepts given input from Art Direction.
Self-driven, good communicator and a collaborative team player

NICE-TO-HAVE SKILLS     

Experience with 2D and 3D Software
A passion for games
Experience collaborating with outsourcing and external partners
Listed below is this roles base pay range. In other locations that Bungie has approved for remote work, this pay range may be adjusted up to - 10 and some roles may be classified as non-exempt (hourly). This range is determined by an array of factors, including training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs, and market demands. Additionally, it is subject to change and may be modified in the future. In the journey to make incredible worlds, Bungie employees dont simply do meaningful work - they receive meaningful support. Competitive salaries and discretionary bonus opportunities are just the start. We offer comprehensive healthcare coverage, generous 401(k) matching, flexible time off policies, paid parental leave, social clubs, and so much more. Check out our benefits page: Benefits - Bungie Careers to see all the perks that come with joining Bungie.Bellevue Pay Range121,000—148,000 USD 

Bungie full-time (non-contract) employees in the U.S. also receive:

20 days of accrued time-off in the form of PTO and sabbatical days, depending on the level of the position
10 paid Floating Days annually, prorated in the first year of employment based on start date
10 paid Bungie-observed holidays annually
One hour of Paid Sick Time (PST) for every 30 hours worked 

Contract and International FTE employees receive competitive benefits through their relevant contracting agency.

So you dont meet every requirement listed in this job description? Do you think your experience level is not where it needs to be? Studies show that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they believe they meet every single qualification. Bungie is focused on building a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace. If youre interested in this position but your past experience doesnt line up perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we want you to apply anyway. The right role for you may be right around the corner!
 
Most Bungie full-time employees will adopt a digital first approach allowing remote work in Bungie approved locations (outside of positions identified as 100 onsite in BellevueSeattle, or individuals preferring a hybridflex environment). Prospective full-time employees located outside of CA, CO, DC, FL, GA, ID, IL, MA, MD, MI, MN, NC, NJ, NY, OR, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, or WI will need to establish residency in one of the states we are compliant in within 45 days of a start date. Contractors will follow a digital first approach adhering to the location guidelines agreed upon by our third-party employervendor and Bungie. Bungies remote policy is subject to change at the companys discretion. 