Bungie is seeking a highly technical, creative, and team-oriented Weapons Feature Lead who is excited to make Destiny weapons the best they can be.
Do you love the challenge of designing great gameplay? Are you excited to do the hard work of creating understanding across a large team to what you are trying to achieve, and take them along for the journey through development? Do you obsess over core game feel like camera FOVshake changes, controller rumble values, and other behind the scenes tuning knobs? Are you a game designer looking to work on AAA games with talented and passionate people in a team environment? If so, we have the job for you! Bungie is looking for a passionate and creative Weapons Feature Lead for Destiny 2!
As a feature lead on the Destiny 2 Weapons and Accessories team, you will work closely with the Design Team to craft robust weapons systems, exotic weapons, and seasonal weapons releases. You will collaborate with weapons team members from other disciplines, including art, test, engineering and animation to drive a holistic gameplay experience. You will contribute to the design processes to ensure your work and that of your team is the very best it can possibly be. You will also work closely with leads of other teams to plan cross-team features and systems changes.RESPONSIBILITIES

Provide leadership and creative direction to a multi-disciplinary team composed of gameplay designers, testers, artists, animators, and others
Refine and drive the player sandbox design principles to improve Destinys weapons sandbox.
Help set the direction for extensible weapons systems and future weapons team work.
Work closely with the Leadership Team to achieve experience goals.
Help build compelling second-to-second gameplay experiences
Collaboratively plan, design, and balance top notch weapons gameplay
Work with audio, effects, software engineering and animation developers to make in-game weapons features clear to players
Exercise strong player empathy to put yourself in the shoes of players with various competencies, desires, and skill levels

REQUIRED SKILLS

Previous experience as a Gameplay Systems Designer (or similar) on a shipped, high quality, combat-focused game
Social intelligence, great interpersonal skills, and empathy for creative teams
Ability to handle ambiguity, including giving and handling feedback despite that ambiguity
Intuitive understanding of how second-to-second action games work and why people play them
Strong understanding of in-game rewards and what makes them valuable
Portfolio demonstrating the drive to make great feeling action gameplay
Passion for collaboration with designers, artists, programmers, musicians, testers, and producers to achieve a common goal
Dedication to contributing to a positive work environment
Ability to take direction and execute on goals
Unrelenting self-motivation and initiative
Outstanding oral and written communication skills
Excellent organizational and prioritization skills

For Staff level candidates, in addition to the above Required Skills, we are targeting:

Leadership of large, multi-disciplinary teams
Advanced understanding of game engines, technology and the game development process
Experience with many modes of online play
Ability to operate autonomously while holding a creative vision

NICE-TO-HAVE SKILLS

Experience in Animation; able to talk anticipation, follow through, character and timing

For Staff level candidates, in addition to the above Nice-to-Have Skills, we are targeting:

People management experience
Discipline-leadership experience
Experience hiring, training, mentoring, and managing peer and junior designers
Listed below are the two base pay ranges associated with this role at multiple levels. In other locations that Bungie has approved for remote work, this pay range may be adjusted up to - 10 and some roles may be classified as non-exempt (hourly). This range is determined by an array of factors, including training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs, and market demands. Additionally, it is subject to change and may be modified in the future. In the journey to make incredible worlds, Bungie employees dont simply do meaningful work - they receive meaningful support. Competitive salaries and discretionary bonus opportunities are just the start. We offer comprehensive healthcare coverage, generous 401(k) matching, flexible time off policies, paid parental leave, social clubs, and so much more. Check out our benefits page: Benefits - Bungie Careers to see all the perks that come with joining Bungie.Bellevue Pay Range I132,000—158,000 USDBellevue Pay Range II160,000—189,000 USD 

Bungie full-time (non-contract) employees in the U.S. also receive:

20 days of accrued time-off in the form of PTO and sabbatical days, depending on the level of the position
10 paid Floating Days annually, prorated in the first year of employment based on start date
10 paid Bungie-observed holidays annually
One hour of Paid Sick Time (PST) for every 30 hours worked 

Contract and International FTE employees receive competitive benefits through their relevant contracting agency.

So you dont meet every requirement listed in this job description? Do you think your experience level is not where it needs to be? Studies show that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they believe they meet every single qualification. Bungie is focused on building a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace. If youre interested in this position but your past experience doesnt line up perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we want you to apply anyway. The right role for you may be right around the corner!
 
Most Bungie full-time employees will adopt a digital first approach allowing remote work in Bungie approved locations (outside of positions identified as 100 onsite in BellevueSeattle, or individuals preferring a hybridflex environment). Prospective full-time employees located outside of CA, CO, DC, FL, GA, ID, IL, MA, MD, MI, MN, NC, NJ, NY, OR, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, or WI will need to establish residency in one of the states we are compliant in within 45 days of a start date. Contractors will follow a digital first approach adhering to the location guidelines agreed upon by our third-party employervendor and Bungie. Bungies remote policy is subject to change at the companys discretion. 