Bungie is seeking a highly technical, creative, and team-oriented Staff Gameplay Designer who is excited to make Marathon the best it can be.
Do you love the challenge of designing great gameplay? Are you excited to do the hard work of creating understanding across a large team to what you are trying to achieve, and take them along for the journey through development? Do you obsess over core game feel like camera FOVshake changes, controller rumble values, and other behind-the-scenes tuning knobs? Are you a game designer looking to work on AAA games with talented and passionate people in a team environment? If so, we have the job for you! Bungie is looking for a passionate and creative Staff Gameplay Designer for Marathon!
As a Staff Gameplay Designer on the Marathon Weapons and Equipment team, you will work closely with the design team to craft robust gameplay and define 3C at an atomic level. You will collaborate with team members from other disciplines to drive a holistic gameplay experience. You will contribute to the design processes to ensure your work and that of your team is the very best it can possibly be.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Apply player sandbox design principles to create a diverse and exciting suite of weapons and equipment.
Help set the direction for extensible weapons systems and future weapons team work
Work closely with the Leadership Team to achieve experience goals
Help build compelling second-to-second gameplay experiences
Collaboratively plan, design, and evaluate top notch weapons gameplay
Work with audio, effects, software engineering and animation to make in-game weapons communicate gameplay and fantasy clearly
Help refine, develop, and create team processes to drive alignment and collaboration

REQUIRED SKILLS           

Previous experience as a Gameplay Systems Designer (or similar) on a shipped, high-quality game, especially if combat-focused
Experience designing, documenting, and building game feel systems with a focus on mechanics and philosophies that drive it
Demonstrable understanding of how second-to-second action games work and why people play them
Clear history of collaboration with designers, artists, programmers, audio professionals, quality assurance and producers to achieve a common goal
Ability to creatively align with the team and then take initiative locally and externally
Social intelligence, great interpersonal skills, and empathy for creative teams
Ability to handle ambiguity, including giving and handling feedback despite that ambiguity
Understanding of animation principles, ability to talk anticipation, follow-through, character and the fundamentals of 3C

NICE-TO-HAVE SKILLS     

Experience designing, documenting, and building weapon systems, damage systems, abilities, or any other gameplay system on any scale
Portfolio demonstrating the drive to make great feeling action gameplay
Demonstrable leadership experience
Experience successfully leading interdisciplinary teams through several game development cycles
Experience hiring, training, mentoring, and managing peer and junior designers
Listed below is this roles base pay range. In other locations that Bungie has approved for remote work, this pay range may be adjusted up to - 10 and some roles may be classified as non-exempt (hourly). This range is determined by an array of factors, including training, transferable skills, work experience, business needs, and market demands. Additionally, it is subject to change and may be modified in the future. In the journey to make incredible worlds, Bungie employees dont simply do meaningful work - they receive meaningful support. Competitive salaries and discretionary bonus opportunities are just the start. We offer comprehensive healthcare coverage, generous 401(k) matching, flexible time off policies, paid parental leave, social clubs, and so much more. Check out our benefits page: Benefits - Bungie Careers to see all the perks that come with joining Bungie.Bellevue Pay Range160,000—189,000 USD 

Bungie full-time (non-contract) employees in the U.S. also receive:

20 days of accrued time-off in the form of PTO and sabbatical days, depending on the level of the position
10 paid Floating Days annually, prorated in the first year of employment based on start date
10 paid Bungie-observed holidays annually
One hour of Paid Sick Time (PST) for every 30 hours worked 

Contract and International FTE employees receive competitive benefits through their relevant contracting agency.

So you dont meet every requirement listed in this job description? Do you think your experience level is not where it needs to be? Studies show that women and people of color are less likely to apply to jobs unless they believe they meet every single qualification. Bungie is focused on building a diverse, inclusive, and equitable workplace. If youre interested in this position but your past experience doesnt line up perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we want you to apply anyway. The right role for you may be right around the corner!
 
Most Bungie full-time employees will adopt a digital first approach allowing remote work in Bungie approved locations (outside of positions identified as 100 onsite in BellevueSeattle, or individuals preferring a hybridflex environment). Prospective full-time employees located outside of CA, CO, DC, FL, GA, ID, IL, MA, MD, MI, MN, NC, NJ, NY, OR, TN, TX, UT, VA, WA, or WI will need to establish residency in one of the states we are compliant in within 45 days of a start date. Contractors will follow a digital first approach adhering to the location guidelines agreed upon by our third-party employervendor and Bungie. Bungies remote policy is subject to change at the companys discretion. 