Founded in 2019, Cake Group is a leading decentralised finance services provider and Southeast Asias fastest growing fintech platform. We Do Crypto. You Do You. - Our vision is to become a one-stop platform for all crypto users to get easy access to DeFi and Web3 services. To date, more than 1 million users from over 190 countries trust us to manage over 1 billion in assets. We are a profitable, cashflow positive private rocket ship thats just getting ready for take-off. Join us.
 Software Engineer- Enterprise, blockchainhttps:levain.tech
About Levain
Levain is the institutional vertical of Cake Group, one of Southeast Asias fastest growing digital assets innovators.Introduced in 2022, Levain offers institutions a secure gateway to decentralized finance (DeFi) products and services. Levain empowers institutions to personally manage their digital assets through self-custodial technology and instant multi-chain access to DeFi protocols—all in a transparent and secure manner.For more information, please visit https:levain.tech
What youll do

Be a full-stack engineer, building features for a distributed system connecting on web2 and web3 technologies.
On the product engineering front, be a pioneer in multiple emerging domains, ranging from blockchain custody tech to decentralized app (dApp) integration.
On the engineering front, work with bleeding edge technologies in a team obsessed with maximizing developer experience.
Actively communicate and collaborate with other passionate engineers and stakeholders for planning the development process.
Pick up new technology stacks and domains, some on the bleeding edge, when required to get the job done.

What youll need

Bachelors degree (or higher) in computer science, computer engineering, or equivalent practical experience.
1 years of development experience.
Hands on with Typescript, SQL, Docker.
Ability to work independently while collaborating in a fast-paced agile team.
Understand how blockchain works (e.g. distributed consensus, transaction pooling, fork resolution, smart contracts, UTXO, etc.).

Youll fit well if youre:

Independent; you are an efficient, independent learner. If you encounter an unknown, you will know how to manage your time to digest it.
Conscientious; you are proactive in picking up tasks and new challenges.
Passionate: in resolving issues, contributing meaningful change, because it is in your blood. You are an engineer simply because you love what you do.
An idea champion; you suggest new and better ways of doing things where appropriate, because you care about Engineering standards and the longevity of the products you deliver.

 We want to transform and decentralise finance with tomorrows technology. This is where you come in. Join a company that is at the forefront of bleeding-edge innovations in blockchain and DeFi. You will be empowered to push boundaries and think out of the box. You will get to work with a bunch of ridiculously motivated and talented people. And most importantly, youll have fun. The best places to work at, are often also the most fun to work at. Thats us.
We hire based on merit, fit, and strong alignment to our culture. Our culture is defined by 7 team principles: Integrity, Resourcefulness, Ownership, Meritocratic Decision-making, Customer Obsession, Radical Candour, and Passion. These 7 principles guide our company, our people, and our work. At Cake Group, our culture is our pride. It has been instrumental to our success, so we are steadfast in our commitment to it. We welcome you to add to it.