Founded in 2019, Cake Group is a leading decentralised finance services provider and Southeast Asias fastest growing fintech platform. We Do Crypto. You Do You. - Our vision is to become a one-stop platform for all crypto users to get easy access to DeFi and Web3 services. To date, more than 1 million users from over 190 countries trust us to manage over 1 billion in assets. We are a profitable, cashflow positive private rocket ship thats just getting ready for take-off. Join us.
 About the Marketing Team:Storytelling comes in many forms. Our diverse and multi-talented team takes care of all aspects of marketing at Cake: brand, content  community, events, CRM, design, affiliate  performance marketing, public relations, and social media. Weve built a team that is deeply passionate about what our brand stands for and represents in the crypto, DeFi and web3 space. 
 
Job Description:Cake is seeking a Senior Events Manager to join our dynamic brand and marketing team. In this role, you will be responsible for identifying opportunities to increase brand awareness, expand our network, and generate new leads through a strategic approach to events. We host a variety of events, from marquee events we organize ourselves to smaller meet-ups and co-sponsored events, all within the crypto and blockchain space. We are looking for an experienced and passionate individual who can take our events to the next level and create meaningful connections within the industry.
 
What youll do:

Event Strategy: Develop and execute a comprehensive event strategy that aligns with Cakes brand and marketing objectives. Identify opportunities for events that will enhance brand visibility and engagement.
Event Planning: Take charge of planning and organizing medium to large-scale events, ensuring they run smoothly and successfully. This includes both in-person and virtual events.
Partnerships: Collaborate with sponsors, speakers, partners, and attendees to create mutually beneficial partnerships that enhance the quality and reach of our events.
Cross-Vertical Synergy: Seek opportunities for synergy between different verticals within Cakes marketing and branding efforts to maximize the impact of events.
Hands-On Approach: Be willing to be hands-on and resourceful, leveraging our own teams capabilities and resources to execute events effectively.

What youll need:

Proven experience in organizing medium to large-scale events, preferably within the crypto or blockchain space.
Strong knowledge of the crypto, DeFi, and web3 industries, with a network of contacts in these areas.
Exceptional project management and organizational skills.
Effective communication and negotiation abilities when coordinating with stakeholders.
Creative thinking and problem-solving skills to make events stand out.
Ability to work independently and as part of a collaborative team.
Willingness to travel as needed for in-person events (when applicable).
We want to transform and decentralise finance with tomorrows technology. This is where you come in. Join a company that is at the forefront of bleeding-edge innovations in blockchain and DeFi. You will be empowered to push boundaries and think out of the box. You will get to work with a bunch of ridiculously motivated and talented people. And most importantly, youll have fun. The best places to work at, are often also the most fun to work at. Thats us.
We hire based on merit, fit, and strong alignment to our culture. Our culture is defined by 7 team principles: Integrity, Resourcefulness, Ownership, Meritocratic Decision-making, Customer Obsession, Radical Candour, and Passion. These 7 principles guide our company, our people, and our work. At Cake Group, our culture is our pride. It has been instrumental to our success, so we are steadfast in our commitment to it. We welcome you to add to it.