Founded in 2019, Cake Group is a leading decentralised finance services provider and Southeast Asias fastest growing fintech platform. We Do Crypto. You Do You. - Our vision is to become a one-stop platform for all crypto users to get easy access to DeFi and Web3 services. To date, more than 1 million users from over 190 countries trust us to manage over 1 billion in assets. We are a profitable, cashflow positive private rocket ship thats just getting ready for take-off. Join us.
 Birthday Research

Birthday Research (BR) is our Blockchain Research and Development arm. Fuelled by the best minds in the industry, BR seeks to develop best-in-class blockchain innovations with the mission of enabling the next bound of Web3.
As a pioneering force, our work spans cryptographic research, deep blockchain consensus development, and smart contracts development — with a laser-sharp focus on driving the industry frontier while tackling the most demanding DeFi challenges of today. To date, one of our core contributions, DeFiChain, has garnered over 1 billion USD in total value locked on the layer-1 protocol.
We are a fast-growing, globally distributed, close-knit team of multi-disciplinary doers and getters. Join Birthday Research today to be a part of the driving force shaping the future of decentralization.

What Youll Do

Distill requirements, develop concepts and translate them into user flows, mock-ups and prototypes with cutting-edge interactions.
Develop intuitive, user-centred and user friendly interfaces from product requirements
Excellent visual design skills with sensitivity to user-system interaction.
Maintain  contribute to the Design Systems for reusable design and UI component creation to achieve design scalability and consistency across multiple products
Collaborate effectively with Design Team, Product Managers and Engineers through the full product lifecycle from concept to shipping
Articulate design intent to product teams and other stakeholders
Craft valuable and high-quality work without sacrificing speed
Collaborate within design team to raise the quality bar and continuously improve design processes, principles, and tooling

What Youll Need

At least 4 years of experience in Product Design (including web applicationsdigital products)
Experience in a technology-focused startup and agency is a plus.
Experience in Cryptocurrency or knowledge in Cryptocurrency is a plus.
Proven product design experience including research, prototyping, and implementation of user-facing applications.
Strong design thinking and human-centric problem-solving.
Proactively identify emerging design trends, and design with awareness of the latest WebMobile UIUX trends
Able to function independently and in a team environment, with excellent collaboration skills.
Be able to present and articulate ideas.
Trained in User Experience Design, Interaction Design, User-Centered Design or similar disciplines
Proactive attitude, ensuring product quality and progress
An excellent online portfolio of work demonstrating design thinking, design process, and solutions for web and mobile applications.
Master at Figma  other leading design tools.


 
We want to transform and decentralise finance with tomorrows technology. This is where you come in. Join a company that is at the forefront of bleeding-edge innovations in blockchain and DeFi. You will be empowered to push boundaries and think out of the box. You will get to work with a bunch of ridiculously motivated and talented people. And most importantly, youll have fun. The best places to work at, are often also the most fun to work at. Thats us.
We hire based on merit, fit, and strong alignment to our culture. Our culture is defined by 7 team principles: Integrity, Resourcefulness, Ownership, Meritocratic Decision-making, Customer Obsession, Radical Candour, and Passion. These 7 principles guide our company, our people, and our work. At Cake Group, our culture is our pride. It has been instrumental to our success, so we are steadfast in our commitment to it. We welcome you to add to it.