Founded in 2019, Cake Group is a leading decentralised finance services provider and Southeast Asias fastest growing fintech platform. We Do Crypto. You Do You. - Our vision is to become a one-stop platform for all crypto users to get easy access to DeFi and Web3 services. To date, more than 1 million users from over 190 countries trust us to manage over 1 billion in assets. We are a profitable, cashflow positive private rocket ship thats just getting ready for take-off. Join us.
 Birthday Research
Birthday Research (BR) is our Blockchain Research and Development arm. Fuelled by the best minds in the industry, BR seeks to develop best-in-class blockchain innovations with the mission of enabling the next bound of Web3. As a pioneering force, our work spans cryptographic research, deep blockchain consensus development, and smart contracts development — with a laser-sharp focus on driving the industry frontier while tackling the most demanding DeFi challenges of today. To date, one of our core contributions, DeFiChain, has garnered over 1 billion USD in total value locked on the layer-1 protocol.We are a fast-growing, globally distributed, close-knit team of multi-disciplinary doers and getters. Join Birthday Research today to be a part of the driving force shaping the future of decentralization.
What youll do:

Develop a growth strategy focused on identifying and pursuing new business opportunities in the crypto space, including establishing partnerships with web3 projects and non-crypto companies.
Design and execute collaborative campaigns with partners to drive brand awareness and ecosystem growth.
Identify key events that will help increase the visibility of DeFiChain, help to establish key partnerships and ultimately grow the ecosystem. This will also include representing DeFiChain Labs at these events 
Develop innovative and out-of-the-box ideas to aid the team in its goals to grow DeFiChain across the globe
Work closely with the marketing and product teams to develop and execute strategies for customer acquisition and retention, and ecosystem growth.
Research and stay up-to-date on the latest trends and developments in the crypto and web3 industry - especially related to the L1 ecosystem. 
Build a CRM strategy to manage and build relationships with B2B vendors. 
Negotiate on terms and agreements with partners. 

What youll need:

4 years of BDpartnerships experience, with a minimum 3 years of experience in the crypto space
Deep understanding and passion of the crypto industry
Excellent CRM management skills  knowledge.
In-depth experience with L1 ecosystems and DeFi protocols
Experience working with B2B vendors
Proven track record of establishing and maintaining partnerships in the crypto space
Strong communication, negotiation, and writing skills
Self-starter with the ability to work independently and as part of a team

 
 We want to transform and decentralise finance with tomorrows technology. This is where you come in. Join a company that is at the forefront of bleeding-edge innovations in blockchain and DeFi. You will be empowered to push boundaries and think out of the box. You will get to work with a bunch of ridiculously motivated and talented people. And most importantly, youll have fun. The best places to work at, are often also the most fun to work at. Thats us.
We hire based on merit, fit, and strong alignment to our culture. Our culture is defined by 7 team principles: Integrity, Resourcefulness, Ownership, Meritocratic Decision-making, Customer Obsession, Radical Candour, and Passion. These 7 principles guide our company, our people, and our work. At Cake Group, our culture is our pride. It has been instrumental to our success, so we are steadfast in our commitment to it. We welcome you to add to it.