Founded in 2019, Cake Group is a leading decentralised finance services provider and Southeast Asias fastest growing fintech platform. We Do Crypto. You Do You. - Our vision is to become a one-stop platform for all crypto users to get easy access to DeFi and Web3 services. To date, more than 1 million users from over 190 countries trust us to manage over 1 billion in assets. We are a profitable, cashflow positive private rocket ship thats just getting ready for take-off. Join us.
 Marketing
Behind every successful brand lies an amazing product, supported by an equally fantastic brand  marketing team. At its core, the brand  marketing team at Cake DeFi are a bunch of creative storytellers. From awareness to conversion, skeptic to advocate - we create and shape the brand story at every step of the customer journey. Our aim is to deliver a consistent and exceptional experience across the entire marketing funnel.
Storytelling comes in many forms. Our diverse and multi-talented team takes care of all aspects of marketing at Cake DeFi: brand, content  community, CRM, design, affiliate  performance marketing, public relations, and social media. Weve built a team that is deeply passionate about what our brand stands for and represents in the crypto, DeFi and web3 space. Were on the lookout for other creative storytellers. If you want the opportunity to help build a global brand that is at the forefront of DeFi, apply now!
What youll do

Produce, shoot and edit videos for Cake DeFis social media channels
Research, ideate, and pitch relevant content ideas for Cakes individual social media channels
Write video strategies, concepts and scripts
Organize personal shooting schedules and workflow
Focus on creating content for views and high engagement
Supervise the progress of your project from pre-production to post-production
Operate and maintain proper levels and calibration of cameras, audio and video recorders, lights, and other production equipment
Misc grip work such as assembling, and setting up equipment prior to filming, assistance with video producing, and shoots on-site or in the office studio
Write social copies for publication.

What we need

At least 2 years of relevant experience in the media industry and video production
Strong interest in crypto (B2C and B2B)
Detail-oriented
Familiar with social media video trends and styles (Tik Tok, FB, Instagram, YouTube)
Adapt in sourcing for compelling and emotional storiesangles
Positive attitude, self-motivated, and independent
Profound knowledge of camera technical skills
Profound knowledge of scriptwriting
Profound knowledge in post-production using Adobe Premier Pro
Profound knowledge in color correction, usage of color profiles and LUTs
Knowledge of using After Effects and the ability to create motion graphics and do basic color grading (Lumetri or Da Vinci) is a plus
Ability to meet deadlines and fast turnovers
Experience with using mechanical gimbals and drones is a plus.

We want to transform and decentralise finance with tomorrows technology. This is where you come in. Join a company that is at the forefront of bleeding-edge innovations in blockchain and DeFi. You will be empowered to push boundaries and think out of the box. You will get to work with a bunch of ridiculously motivated and talented people. And most importantly, youll have fun. The best places to work at, are often also the most fun to work at. Thats us.
We hire based on merit, fit, and strong alignment to our culture. Our culture is defined by 7 team principles: Integrity, Resourcefulness, Ownership, Meritocratic Decision-making, Customer Obsession, Radical Candour, and Passion. These 7 principles guide our company, our people, and our work. At Cake Group, our culture is our pride. It has been instrumental to our success, so we are steadfast in our commitment to it. We welcome you to add to it.