Founded in 2019, Cake Group is a leading decentralised finance services provider and Southeast Asias fastest growing fintech platform. We Do Crypto. You Do You. - Our vision is to become a one-stop platform for all crypto users to get easy access to DeFi and Web3 services. To date, more than 1 million users from over 190 countries trust us to manage over 1 billion in assets. We are a profitable, cashflow positive private rocket ship thats just getting ready for take-off. Join us.
 About the team
Product management lies at the heart of Cake DeFi. As an organization that places our users at the forefront, the team collaborates closely with the engineering and design teams to identify problems and innovate solutions that strive to provide users with easy access to DeFi in a transparent manner. Ownership being the core tenet of the team, we also serve as the custodians of products in the company, where we work closely with internal stakeholders to ensure the continued success of our offerings.
Beyond the status quo, the team also endeavours to push the boundaries in simplifying and optimizing the user experience in DeFi, made possible through data-driven decisions derived from analytics and research. The product team is composed of talented self-starters with diverse backgrounds  a driving force that continues to shape the narrative of the company.
What youll do:

Establish a shared product vision across the company through the alignment of business priorities that lead to successful product execution.
Lead strategic roadmap and OKR planning alongside senior management. 
Manage and grow a team of product managers while expanding existing competencies
Drive a data-informed product organization. Define and analyze metrics and customer feedback that inform the success of the products at Cake DeFi
Coordinate cross-functional teams and ensure high quality and timely product launches
Continuously refine product development and delivery processes by working closely with engineering and design leads

What youll need:

Proven experience as a Product Lead, similar role
Experience in leading a robust team of engineers, designers and product managers
Experience in product lifecycle management
Background in software development is preferred
Experience in crypto-related industries is preferred
Familiarity with Agile framework
Organizational and leadership abilities
Excellent communication skills
Problem-solving aptitude
Creative thinking skills
BScBA in Business, Computer Science, Engineering or related fieldLI-CL
We want to transform and decentralise finance with tomorrows technology. This is where you come in. Join a company that is at the forefront of bleeding-edge innovations in blockchain and DeFi. You will be empowered to push boundaries and think out of the box. You will get to work with a bunch of ridiculously motivated and talented people. And most importantly, youll have fun. The best places to work at, are often also the most fun to work at. Thats us.
We hire based on merit, fit, and strong alignment to our culture. Our culture is defined by 7 team principles: Integrity, Resourcefulness, Ownership, Meritocratic Decision-making, Customer Obsession, Radical Candour, and Passion. These 7 principles guide our company, our people, and our work. At Cake Group, our culture is our pride. It has been instrumental to our success, so we are steadfast in our commitment to it. We welcome you to add to it.