Founded in 2019, Cake Group is a leading decentralised finance services provider and Southeast Asias fastest growing fintech platform. We Do Crypto. You Do You. - Our vision is to become a one-stop platform for all crypto users to get easy access to DeFi and Web3 services. To date, more than 1 million users from over 190 countries trust us to manage over 1 billion in assets. We are a profitable, cashflow positive private rocket ship thats just getting ready for take-off. Join us.
 Marketing
Behind every successful brand lies an amazing product, supported by an equally fantastic brand  marketing team. At its core, the brand  marketing team at Cake are a bunch of creative storytellers. From awareness to conversion, skeptic to advocate - we create and shape the brand story at every step of the customer journey. Our aim is to deliver a consistent and exceptional experience across the entire marketing funnel.
Storytelling comes in many forms. Our diverse and multi-talented team takes care of all aspects of marketing at Cake: brand, content  community, CRM, design, affiliate  performance marketing, public relations, and social media. Weve built a team that is deeply passionate about what our brand stands for and represents in the crypto, DeFi and web3 space. Were on the lookout for other creative storytellers. If you want the opportunity to help build a global brand that is at the forefront of DeFi, apply now!
What youll do:

Play a leadership role in defining our strategic approach to Performance Marketing across business verticals, to support acquisition, activation and retention.
Liaise closely with strategic, creative and product leads to deliver against our targets.
Leverage new tools to ensure creative (design and copy) is scalable
Be hands-on with bidding, buying and deploying across channels.
Play a proactive role in identifying creative uses of media to support our goals
Embrace a systematic test-and-learn methodology, identifying opportunities for scale-up
Report accurately and diligently to attribute progress
Improve our market awareness and user acquisition through performance and digital growth acquisition strategies
Leverage insightful data and consumer insights to ensure were able to plan ahead, in collaboration with the rest of the teams
Manage the cross-channel digital and performance marketing funnel to increase awareness and conversions.
Identify opportunities and utilise analytics to maximize reach, personalize user experiences and optimize attribution
Grow users from the ecosystem through user segmentation, product cross-selling  up-selling, and product offerings integration.

What youll need:

Experience leading digital and performance marketing in a tech-focused, high-growth environment
Experience designing, managing and executing performance media programs in the crypto  blockchain space is a must
A strong point of view on channel strategy, especially in the context of crypto  blockchain
A strong understanding of the limitations and possibilities related to advertising in the crypto  blockchain space
Experience with programmatic ad-buying and performance ads management
A curious mindset, to show that you can leverage new tools to deliver creative variations at scale
We want to transform and decentralise finance with tomorrows technology. This is where you come in. Join a company that is at the forefront of bleeding-edge innovations in blockchain and DeFi. You will be empowered to push boundaries and think out of the box. You will get to work with a bunch of ridiculously motivated and talented people. And most importantly, youll have fun. The best places to work at, are often also the most fun to work at. Thats us.
We hire based on merit, fit, and strong alignment to our culture. Our culture is defined by 7 team principles: Integrity, Resourcefulness, Ownership, Meritocratic Decision-making, Customer Obsession, Radical Candour, and Passion. These 7 principles guide our company, our people, and our work. At Cake Group, our culture is our pride. It has been instrumental to our success, so we are steadfast in our commitment to it. We welcome you to add to it.