Founded in 2019, Cake Group is a leading decentralised finance services provider and Southeast Asias fastest growing fintech platform. We Do Crypto. You Do You. - Our vision is to become a one-stop platform for all crypto users to get easy access to DeFi and Web3 services. To date, more than 1 million users from over 190 countries trust us to manage over 1 billion in assets. We are a profitable, cashflow positive private rocket ship thats just getting ready for take-off. Join us.
 About the teamProduct management lies at the heart of the company. As an organization that places our users at the forefront, the team collaborates closely with the engineering and design teams to identify problems and innovate solutions that strive to provide users with easy access to Web3 in a transparent manner. Ownership being the core tenet of the team, we also serve as the custodians of products in the company, where we work closely with internal stakeholders to ensure the continued success of our offerings. Beyond the status quo, the team also endeavours to push the boundaries in simplifying and optimizing the user experience in Web3, made possible through data-driven decisions derived from analytics and research. The product team is composed of talented self-starters with diverse backgrounds  a driving force that continues to shape the growth of the company.
 
What youll do:

You will be involved in product planning, prioritisation and strategy throughout the product lifecycle.
Work closely with Design, Engineering and other cross-functional teams to deliver products that align with this vision, meet market needs and are delivered to a consistently high-quality standard.
Help identify key value propositions of products, experiment towards impactful outcomes and shape product narrative for both internal and external stakeholders.

What youll need:

At least 3 years of proven experience as a Product Manager or similar role
Experience in product lifecycle management
Strong understanding of blockchain technology and its applications
Demonstrated experience in leading and managing product engineering and design teams, with a focus on collaboration and achieving results.
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, high-growth startup environment.
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to articulate complex ideas and concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, or a related field.
Experience working in a startupfast-paced environment.
Self-starter with an entrepreneurial mindset
We want to transform and decentralise finance with tomorrows technology. This is where you come in. Join a company that is at the forefront of bleeding-edge innovations in blockchain and DeFi. You will be empowered to push boundaries and think out of the box. You will get to work with a bunch of ridiculously motivated and talented people. And most importantly, youll have fun. The best places to work at, are often also the most fun to work at. Thats us.
We hire based on merit, fit, and strong alignment to our culture. Our culture is defined by 7 team principles: Integrity, Resourcefulness, Ownership, Meritocratic Decision-making, Customer Obsession, Radical Candour, and Passion. These 7 principles guide our company, our people, and our work. At Cake Group, our culture is our pride. It has been instrumental to our success, so we are steadfast in our commitment to it. We welcome you to add to it.