Founded in 2019, Cake Group is a leading decentralised finance services provider and Southeast Asias fastest growing fintech platform. We Do Crypto. You Do You. - Our vision is to become a one-stop platform for all crypto users to get easy access to DeFi and Web3 services. To date, more than 1 million users from over 190 countries trust us to manage over 1 billion in assets. We are a profitable, cashflow positive private rocket ship thats just getting ready for take-off. Join us.
 About the team
At the Bake Experience and Product Design Team we believe a good experience is as much about empathy, behaviour and emotion, as it is about utility and performance. We strive to use human-centered design to level up the design maturity of the company. Being in Decentralized Finance, we aspire to excise the complexities of DeFi in favour of an easy-to-use, motivating and dare we say, joyful experience that welcomes all. We are looking for team members whod love to do just that.
Walking through the door into this team means to take on a customers view, advocate for product simplicity and evangelise Design Thinking. At the same time, it means to assume responsibility for working efficiently and effectively towards business objectives.
Yes, it kind of sounds like you have to have two souls and were asking a lot. Look, the most fulfilling work happens outside the comfort zone, where there is the need, ability and empowerment to grow. Now you know what our door looks like. Are you going to knock?
 
What you will do:

Be a problem solver, not a visual executer
Solve the problem of simplifying complex financialinvestment topics for humans
Be the customer and own  drive the UX flow design in one of several product squads
Work hands-on and self-directed in close alignment with the design teams shared truth and vision
Collaborate with researchers for uncovering customer insights and with project managers for finding the best ways to meet business requirements
Create successful and modular user flows and use an existing Design System to bring them to production
Participate in the strategic creation and exploration of the overall customer experience beyond the squad
Help the team grow and develop by proactively supporting others
Help the company move up on the design maturity scale by challenging briefs and established views with insights, data and simplicity

What you will need:

8-12 years experience creating mobile apps and service websites
Deep knowledge of iOS  Android and their pattern differences is a plus
Strong understanding of UX principles and psychology
Ability to simplify the complex
Experience working with and contributing to Atomic Design Systems and interaction pattern standards
Ability and desire to present, convince and connect
To not be a rock star. You will be part of a team with split responsibilities. We define success through mutual support. We want you to know a few things very well, not everything a little.
You dont need to have a history in crypto or finance. You should have a history in understanding people
We want to transform and decentralise finance with tomorrows technology. This is where you come in. Join a company that is at the forefront of bleeding-edge innovations in blockchain and DeFi. You will be empowered to push boundaries and think out of the box. You will get to work with a bunch of ridiculously motivated and talented people. And most importantly, youll have fun. The best places to work at, are often also the most fun to work at. Thats us.
We hire based on merit, fit, and strong alignment to our culture. Our culture is defined by 7 team principles: Integrity, Resourcefulness, Ownership, Meritocratic Decision-making, Customer Obsession, Radical Candour, and Passion. These 7 principles guide our company, our people, and our work. At Cake Group, our culture is our pride. It has been instrumental to our success, so we are steadfast in our commitment to it. We welcome you to add to it.