Tell the story of open source in business and IT
Canonical, the publisher of Ubuntu, has a growing portfolio of open-source products and solutions. We aim to be the default provider of open source to the world, making it easier for organisations and individuals, from governments to startups and students, to benefit from the extraordinary wealth of innovation that open source provides. Our product management organisation has a team of writers with the mission to tell our integrated story - not the details of specific products, but rather the woven narrative that brings them together to shape the IT landscape and experience. This is effectively the voice of the company from a product perspective, and we are looking for people who are as passionate about open source as we are.
You will work closely with product managers and marketing managers on content production and planning. You will ensure quality and consistency, and improve our content strategy to achieve business objectives. You might review product-specific materials to help a product manager tell that story, but your responsibility will be to tell cross-cutting narratives that connect the dots between products, or groups of products. From IoT to the data centre, from cloud to the desktop, Ubuntu and Canonical bring together the best of open source to enable visionaries, entrepreneurs and changemakers to achieve their goals. This team tells that story.
Location: This team works in Europe, Middle East and Africa time zones and positions can be filled anywhere from Cape Town to Tromso.
What your day will look like

Write content for Canonical.com to deepen understanding of our portfolio
Review and provide feedback on content to help our product and marketing teams tell engaging stories
Collaborate to map the buyers journey and implement a content strategy that optimises that journey
Maintain an editorial calendar for your content and provide progress updates to the broader team
Perform content performance audits to understand the effectiveness of your content
Participate in person in quarterly content planning sessions

What we are looking for

Demonstrated interest in technology, preferably with open source at heart
Ability to write authoritative and engaging content - portfolio of written work required
Appreciation for the written word and the ability to write persuasive copy
A problem solver: you dont shy away from taking on challenges
A finisher who sees projects through to completion
Attention to detail and appreciation for standards
Appreciation for knowledge sharing and a collaborative attitude
Practical experience with search engine optimisation
Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events

Additional skills that you might also bring

Applied skills in product marketing
Applied knowledge of content marketing attribution
An eye for layout and design

What we offer you
We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.

Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Maternity and paternity leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues from your team and others
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote