We are hiring a software developer to focus on dqlite, our distributed SQLite database which uses our own Raft library for establishing consensus and replication. Dqlite is available as a pure C library or through a Go package that we also maintain, and we intend to provide bindings for Python and other languages.
You will design and implement enhancements to the libraft, dqlite and go-dqlite components which we consume in MicroK8s, LXD and other projects. Work includes development in those pieces of software as well as responding to issues and user inquiries.
This is an excellent opportunity for someone who wants to have a meaningful impact on modern computing technologies. Canonical offers a fast-paced team environment and a career full of learning and development opportunities.
What you will do

Design and implement features across dqlite
Debug and fix issues encountered by your users
Improve Jepsen tests, traditional HA database automated testing and stress tests
Participate in our engineering process through code and architectural review
Engage with the open source community and commercial partners

Valuable skills and experience

Experience with distributed systems (preferably with Raft)
Good C programming experience
Solid understanding of asynchronous programming and concurrency patterns a plus
Capacity to learn quickly about new systems and techniques
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree

Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote Stack