The role of a Dell Alliance Manager at Canonical
Large OEM or Independent Hardware Vendor (IHV) brands - Dell, HPE, IBM, Lenovo, Ericsson, Cisco, Fujitsu and many more - are major partners for Canonical. These companies build software-defined solutions to capitalize on global open source mandates and associated macro trends. Canonicals flagship product, Ubuntu, and its broader open source portfolio are key ingredients for these partners to realize their aspirations. Canonical represents the best platform for rapid open source innovation.
The Dell Alliance Manager will be a key contributing team member within the growing Dell alliances organization. This individual will assist in achieving operational excellence and global expansion for this important relationship. Reporting to the Senior Director of Global Alliances - Dell, the Dell Alliance Manager will work closely with Dell and Canonical teams in various geographies to enable Dell teams, generate and transact opportunities, drive a Canonical agenda within Dell, and achieve targeted results. 
The Dell Alliance Manager is responsible to build trusted relationships with Dell, increase Canonical market share and attach rate, evangelize the partnership and drive business interactions from across persona - from engineer to CxO. They will often run customer workshops focused on particular initiatives at that customer, attend sales events, give public presentations and participate in executive engagements as coordinated by the Senior Director.
Location: This is open for EMEA or North America 
 
What your day will look like

Build strategic relationships and enable Dell teams on the partnership
Build pipeline and transact opportunities through Dell 
Grow Dells awareness of open source capabilities on Canonical Ubuntu
Demonstrate a deep understanding of the Linux and cloud software ecosystem
Deliver on targets, objectives and provide a voice of the partner
Travel regularly - sometimes internationally - to drive partnerships in person
Align and support internal canonical field teams - identify, support, grow, transact
Expand existing footprint with Dell customers with an aim to upsell to broader portfolio
Support and contribute to broader strategy, initiatives and key campaigns as defined by the Senior Director

What we are looking for in you

Experience in alliance or indirect sales management roles
Autonomous, disciplined, hands-on, get-it-done mentality
Ability to capture customer requirements, evaluate gaps, identify and create opportunities
Passionate about Ubuntu products and mission
Comfortable in fast-paced and high pressure environments with measurable goals
Experience with Linux, virtualization, containers, and other cloud technologies
Excellent communication and presentation skills


Team player with superior accountability and customer support skills
Credibility and working knowledge of Dell - its products, go-to-market motion, and field
Experience managing cross-functional teams and track record of operational excellence
WIllingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events
Hands on experience with SalesForce.com and Google Suite a plus

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits below, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
 
LI-remote