This is an opportunity to lead a globally distributed software engineering team thats building a multi-cloud orchestration engine thats driving software operations at scale around the world. Youll be responsible for the day-to-day leadership of 3 teams spread across the globe, and deliver high quality software written primarily in Go.
As an engineering director at Canonical your primary responsibility is to the teams you support: ensuring that they are continually improving, doing valuable work, and having a great time at Canonical. As a leader of managers and contributors, astute technical leadership and management acumen is a must, so that youre able to challenge and grow your teams. You will have the opportunity to influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your teams to hone strategy and execution.
Youll be delivering a large open source Go project that powers complex, highly concurrent distributed software systems across the world, while growing and developing engineers at all levels. Were looking for someone with a proven track record in delivery of quality software over time. 
Technical contribution through code is not expected in this role, but significant past experience with hands-on software development, particularly in Go, is desirable. You will be expected to lead and facilitate technical design and architecture work alongside your senior engineering staff.
The role is fully remote, with global travel for 4-6 weeks per year to facilitate company events. 
What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 