Design, develop and contribute to a mature distributed systems Go code base. Were looking for experienced Go developers who can show strong technical leadership and engineering rigour. Own the design, delivery and support of features in a highly concurrent, highly distributed system that drives cloud automation and software operations at scale. 
As a software engineer on the Juju team, youll be working on a large open source Go project that powers complex distributed software systems across the world. Juju is the engine behind model-driven operations, providing a means to operate complex software on public cloud, private cloud, Kubernetes and bare-metal. Combined with the Charmed Operator framework, Juju provides a complete solution for applications and infrastructure management. 
If you love solving interesting technical challenges in elegant, high-performance ways, come join our globally-distributed team of software engineers in building the future of the software-defined datacenter on the Ubuntu platform. 
Many internal and external teams depend on Juju to deliver their products and services - from Canonical Infrastructure Services, our Openstack and cloud delivery teams, to Fortune 500 companies
What we are looking for in you

Proven track record of professional software delivery using Go, C, C or similar.
Hands-on experience developing highly concurrent distributed systems
Experience with container technologies (Docker, LXD, Kubernetes, etc.)
Solid networking background and experience
Degree level education in a technology field  
Experience with agile software development methodologies
Experience of the Linux and free software world
Working knowledge of cloud computing and experience with highly-concurrent distributed systems
Excellent communications skills in the English language, both verbal and written, especially in online environments
Ability to effectively interact with a diverse group of people (both technical and non-technical)
Ability to be productive in a globally distributed team through self-discipline and self-motivation, delivering according to a schedule, and to motivate and mentor others to do the same

Additional skills that you might also bring

Passionate about software quality and testing
Experience with packaging (debian, snappy)
Programming with and operating MongoDB
Experience working on a distributed team on an open source project -- even if that is outside work open source contributions.
Demonstrated track record of Open Source contributions

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 