The role of an Engineering Manager, Commercial Systems at Canonical
This engineering management role is an opportunity for a technologist with a passion for Linux and Ubuntu to build a career with Canonical and drive the success of the business. If you have an affinity for open source development, then you will enjoy working with some of the best people in the industry at Canonical.
Our new Commercial Systems unit is conceived as five engineering teams that closely collaborate with other engineering and business teams at Canonical. Services designed, developed, and operated by the Commercial Systems unit are used by millions of machines all over the world. Apply here if you would like to run one of these teams. They cover the following areas:
A contracts service. We develop and operate a contracts service that, among others, supports the authentication, authorization, and delivery of Extended Security Maintenance (ESM) at scale to a wide range of devices spanning from individual systems to large enterprise fleets running in cloud environments via Ubuntu Pro. This service also delivers certain contract-based services, like our kernel live patches.
JAASIdentityLivepatch. We take the operational scalability of Juju, Canonicals solution to public, private, and hybrid-cloud application management and orchestration, to the next level by developing JIMM (Juju Intelligent Model Manager) and Candid (open source identity manager) that enable organizations to operate clusters of Juju-enabled clouds at a scale. In addition to that, we deliver the Livepatch client package and the Livepatch server backend that integrate with the contracts service to deliver live patches for the Linux kernel.
Data lake and SAAS integration. The third major area is related to internal business operations. We develop and operate several data warehouses, including data ingestion pipelines, used by operations and data analytics teams. In addition to that, we help internal business units to automate processes across a number of software solutions and integrate with a number of SaaS solutions to ensure a smooth flow of data.
Integration with public clouds. The fourth major area or responsibility lies in integrating the contracts service with public clouds, such as Azure, AWS, and GCP, to deliver customers a seamless SAAS experience at the OS level, including access to Extended Security Maintenance and support offerings provided by Canonical personnel.
Salesforce. The fifth major area is centered around Salesforce. Our team of Salesforce engineers and administrators ensures that business operations teams have the right data at a hand and the right business processes in place. The team works closely with the four engineering teams and provides subject matter expertise.
We are looking for software engineering managers, ideally with strong background in Go, Python, who have the drive and energy to lead a team of engineers in delivering and operating these capabilities at scale, ensure the highest engineering quality, sharpen team skills, and work with us to define the future of open source.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.
What your day will look like

Lead a team of software engineers implementing and operating software solutions
Provide engineering and process guidance to engineering teams
Actively seek improvements to established processes, designs, and solutions
Collaborate with peers and cross-functional teams
Code in Go or Python

What we are looking for in you

Bachelors degree or equivalent in Computer Science or a related engineering field
Experience as a software developer in a high-level language - preferably Go or Python
Experience as a hands-on engineering manager or a team lead
Experience building, deploying, and operating distributed systems and APIs
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English
Ability to collaborate remotely with a diverse set of team members and stakeholders, remain highly motivated, productive, and organized in a fully remote environment
Ability to travel to international destinations for one week at a time, approximately 2-4 times per year. Locations prior to the global pandemic included New York, Seattle, London, Cape Town, Budapest, Berlin, Montreal, and Brussels

Additional skills that you might also bring

Experience developing for and deploying on Ubuntu Linux in public clouds
Experience integrating authentication  authorization, financial, public cloud or marketplace systems
Experience with Salesforce developmentintegration or APEX

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote