Canonical is looking for a marketing manager who will be responsible for developing long-term marketing strategy and executing campaigns for the Americas region for a diverse range of products and industries to support our growth strategy. This is a hands-on, multi-disciplinary and dynamic position within Demand Generation Team, requiring close collaboration with the regional Sales Teams, the Partner  Alliances Team, Product Team, and other Marketing functions.
The ideal candidate is passionate about technology, technology marketing and the use of technology in marketing. They prefer to work in an environment that emphasises ownership of campaigns, collaboration, learning, curiosity and a drive to continually improve oneself  the team  the organisation. They love to problem solve, get hands-on, experiment, measure and use automation to make daily life easier.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.
What your day will look like

Develop and execute go-to-market strategy for certain industries within the Americas region
Set relevant KPIs for lead generation, demand generation and brand awareness campaigns; monitor and improve them on a regular basis
Build organic and paid campaigns from scratch including crafting strong messaging, and creating visual assets for emails, social media and paid ads in line with canonicals brand look  feel
Own webinars and regional offline events at all stages from planning to execution including holistic pre- and post-eventwebinar strategies, webinar set up, streaming
Work with the CRM Team to attract, convert, engage and communicate with new and existing audiences  
Be fully responsible for the regional budget planning and execution constantly monitoring and adjusting it accordingly
Collaborate extensively with regional Sales teams to get their insights and implement them to the regional marketing strategy

We expect members of the Canonical marketing team to be excellent communicators who are at ease working with a complex mix of engineers, product managers, sales representatives and executives.
Read more about the marketing team
What we are looking for in you

Experience in B2B marketing for enterprise IT products, SaaS experience
Experience working with the Americas market including the US, Canada and Latin America preferred
Excellent academic results, with Bachelors or equivalent in Business, Marketing, or STEM
Excellent verbal, written, presentation skills in English
Hands-on mindset and ability to test various marketing assumptions attributing to scaling the most efficient ways of achieving positive marketing results
Growth mindset - enthusiasm for challenges and work ethic with a can do attitude
Objectivity and openness to others views while continuously building a positive team spirit
Proven ability to prioritise and meet deadlines without sacrificing quality

 
What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 