Our mission is to secure and manage Ubuntu on IoT devices globally. With billions of connected devices running Linux, we think the opportunity for Ubuntu is enormous, and we will need a high-performance, scalable management system to ensure they are healthy, up to date, and doing what they should be doing! Our device management and telemetry team is building a cloud-native solution for large-scale estate and fleet management, ultimately aiming to be the industry standard for devices of every category.
This is an opportunity for a software engineer passionate about open source software, Linux, and web services at scale.
Canonicals engineering team are at the forefront of the IoT revolution. Ubuntu is the number one Linux for IoT, and with Ubuntu Core we have set the pace for device security. We are now working to expand our portfolio with industry-leading, secure, auditable and reliable telemetry services.
The right candidate will be part of the team that will provide the backbone to our expanding IoT market, enhancing both our on-prem offering as well as scaling to a global cloud-based platform.
What youll do

Collaborate with a globally distributed team.
Write scalable service APIs in Python and Golang to provide telemetry services.
Develop observability, remote logging, data acquisition, alert and notification, and edge processing capabilities
Work with our infrastructure team to develop both a cloud-based SaaS offering as well as a containerised local on-prem solution.
Design and implement new features and enhancements from spec to production at scale.
Review code and technical designs produced by other engineers.
Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions.
Work remotely with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events.

Who you are

You love technology and working with a diverse set of talented people.
You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable.
You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated.
You have a broad technology base but favor backend code and infrastructure.
You have a good understanding of cybersecurity and the challenges of the IoT environment.
You have knowledge and experience of telemetry systems including data streaming technologies, observability and monitoring systems, and the application of securityIAM models to such systems.
You  have proficiency in developing tooling and libraries, and the design and implementation of back-end web services, messagingdata pipelines, and REST APIs using python andor Golang
You are comfortable with Ubuntu as a development and deployment platform.
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree.

About Canonical
Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu. Canonical is a unique tech company - global, remote-first, open source, with 1000 professionals across 70 countries. We want to be the worlds best, not biggest, global software company. With almost every team remote by default, Canonical sets the pace on the 21st-century digital workplace.
What Canonical offers:

Work from home
Learning and development allowances
Competitive Salary
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Generous annual leave
Paid maternity, paternity and sick leave
Priority Pass for travel
Exposure to international business and technology

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote