What is Canonical?
Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our mission is to realise the potential of free software in the lives of individuals and organisations. Our services are helping individuals and businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
 
Job Summary:
Global System Integrators (GSI) play a crucial role in Canonical growth plans in the coming 3 years.
Reporting to the VP Global Alliances and Channels, the GSI Alliance Director will be responsible for helping partners to thrive and grow their business with Canonical solutions and services.
Our Alliance Director will work closely with Canonical GSI partners throughout their sales cycles and across their sales organizations to facilitate ubuntu based solutions and opportunities, as well as help GSI build long term digital transformation platforms with ubuntu stacks and services.
Our GSI Sales Director is responsible for building trusted relationships with partners, increase Canonical market share and attach rate, evangelize about the partnership and lead all business interactions from engineers to CxO level. The GSI Sales Director will own the strategy, the sell-to, sell-through and sell-with motions with the GSI and will animate many customer workshops, sales event, public presentations and executive engagements.
 
As a GSI Alliance Sales Director you will:

Build strategic relationships with partners at levels, and stickiness with Ubuntu technology
Deep understanding of Linux and cloud software ecosystem, and opensource selling models
Negotiate contracts and commercial business terms
Deep understanding of partner organizations and sales models, in particular with Global System Integrators
Work closely with marketing, sales engineering and product management to deliver on targets, objectives and provide a voice of the partner
Lead executive interlocks between partners and Canonical leadership team
Ability to travel - sometimes internationally - up to 40 of the time

 
The successful GSI Alliance Sales Director will have :

 Extensive experience in alliance or indirect sales management roles
Extensive experience with OpenStack, virtualization, containers and other Cloud technologies.
 Autonomous, disciplined, hands-on, get-it-done mentality
 Ability to capture customer requirements, evaluate gaps, identify and create opportunities
 Passionate about Ubuntu products and mission
 Comfortable in fast-paced and high pressure environments with ambitious achievement goals
 Excellent communication and presentation skills

 
What Canonical Offers:

Learning and Development
Annual Compensation Review
Recognition Rewards
Annual Leave
Priority Pass for travel

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
 
LI-remote