The role of a Silicon Alliances Ecosystem Development Manager at Canonical
Ubuntu is the fastest growing enterprise Linux, the leading platform for public cloud computing, and the engineers favorite way to drive the future. 
Our goal is to help the enterprise embrace open source from end to end, across every class of compute and every class of application, starting with the linux kernel itself, to infrastructure solutions like OpenStack and Kubernetes, all the way up to data, security, analytics and serverless capabilities. 
The Silicon Alliances Team works with the leading semiconductor companies  to combine open source adoption with innovative optimizations to get the most from each new chip. With our semiconductor partners, we develop joint product roadmaps, drive delivery, formulate go-to-market plans and conceptualize new business models, enabling differentiated hardware and robust product life-cycle support while still anchored to best-in-class Ubuntu. The end goal is a frictionless experience to deploy, maintain, and develop on any hardware from cloud to edge. 
The successful candidate is someone who is passionate about both hardware and software technology with interest to grow into business development.  We are hiring for positions across early career to senior roles, with scope ranging from small exploratory partnerships to managing our largest and most strategic partnerships.
If you are someone who can navigate complex new technical challenges, learn quickly, and architect solutions and strategies across global teams, this challenging role is for you.
Location:  We are hiring for remote roles in Americas.   We will also consider applicants in EMEA who can accommodate a shifted schedule to support Silicon partners in Americas.    Global travel to sprints, events, and partner meetings is part of the role.
What your day will look like 

Represent Canonical, its solutions and software to partners.
Develop a deep understanding of silicon partner strategies, technologies and roadmaps and identify overlap with Canonicals current and future products.
Work cross-functionally with engineering, product, marketing and sales teams to facilitate new business, leading definition of joint products, solutions and complex programs relying heavily on your communicating and influencing skills.   
Ensure that robust project plans are created, tracked, and executed. 
Develop joint Go To Market strategy and campaigns with silicon partners, manage market messaging, collateral and launch plans across products.
Negotiate successful contracts.

What we are looking for in you

B.A  B.S  B.E degree in science, technology andor engineering.
Fundamental understanding of the semiconductor industry and ecosystem.
Experience in software and system architecture is preferred.
Customer-facing experience in business development, technology strategy or similar functions.
Excellent communication skills; ability to grasp complex material and synthesize key points.
Ability to think and work at both strategic and tactical levels
Disciplined and self motivated for a remote-first workplace environment.

Additional skills that you might also bring

Experience with open source software and open source business models is preferred.
Team leadership or program management experience.

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
 
LI-remote 