The role of an Accounts Receivable Clerk at Canonical
We have an exciting entry level opportunity for an Accounts Receivable Clerk to join our growing team. If you are passionate about the technology industry and want to work for a company that aligns with your interests, we might be the place for you! Canonical, and our world class Ubuntu product, attracts some of the leading talent from around the world. Come and work with exceptional people and kick start your career in Finance! 
Our Finance team is growing and its a really exciting time to join the team. We are looking for bright, motivated people who have a passion for making a difference. You will be seeking an opportunity to drive process improvements and change, input your ideas and truly contribute to the team. 
Your role will include ensuring accuracy of the AR ledgers, process customer invoices in a timely and accurate manner, register customer payments, deal with queries effectively and efficiently and maintain compliance with processes and procedures. You will learn the fundamentals of how finance works in an organisation.
In return we will provide you with ample opportunity for career development including offering you with support for continuing education and the pursuit of professional Accounting certifications. You will report directly to our Global Controller who will help you develop into the role and guide you through your learnings.
A day in the life of an Accounts Receivable Clerk

Maintain accuracy of our AR ledgers and reconciliation of accounts
Manage our customer data (names, addresses, etc.), validate and get approval for new accounts, and maintain our audit record of customer data changes and approvals
Process our customer invoices in a timely and accurate manner, including entry of invoices into accounting systems and maintain our files in a tidy and organised manner
Efficiently resolve any problems prior to raising and issue of invoice
Implement and comply with the Canonical credit control policy 
Maximise cash collection through the effective collection of debts and maintain records to track debt collection through to conclusion
Ensure payments are received in line with contractual terms
Help with our month end processes: bank reconciliations and balance sheet reconciliations
Resolve questionsissues, escalating when appropriate in a timely manner
Maintain compliance with processes and procedures, recommend corrective action when identified and maintain suitable records to demonstrate compliance

What you will bring to the role

Exceptional education achievements in an Accounting or Finance subject
Excellent spreadsheet skills, including pivots, look ups etc.
Excellent attention to detail, with great organisation skills and the ability to meet deadlines
Great communication skills that you will use when connecting directly with our customers
A passion for the world of Finance with ambition to progress your career
Some experience using a major accounting system advantageous

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits below, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 