Ubuntu Server is the worlds most popular Linux - on cloud and bare metal. In this role, you will manage the team responsible for the software that manages access to all professional Ubuntu offerings.
This software runs on every major Release of Ubuntu and is regularly updated on all of them. To be able to do so your team owns continuous integration and verification across releases as well as a matrix of underlying platforms.
Youll be fully owning the product allowing you to influence its evolution and interact with many teams and partners to coordinate new features, enhancements and integration into various platforms.
The successful applicant will be passionate about the future of Ubuntu, mindful of the dynamics of the open source ecosystem, and aware of the needs of large, innovative customers.
This is an exciting opportunity for a leader passionate about strong teams, open source software and Ubuntu. Build a rewarding, meaningful career working with the best and brightest people in technology at Canonical, a growing international software company.
What youll do

Build and lead a globally distributed team of engineers
Develop talent through coaching, mentoring, feedback and hands-on career development
Work with Product Management to define the vision and strategy for Ubuntu and your team
Effectively set and manage expectations with other engineering teams, senior management, and external stakeholders
Advocate and advance modern, agile software development practices
Develop and evangelize great engineering and organizational practices
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with the company values
Be an active part of the leadership team and collaborate with other leaders in the organisation
Participate in strong engineering process through code and architectural review
Engage with teams at Canonical, the open source community and commercial partners
Oversee the quality of the Ubuntu Server image family
Plan and deliver Ubuntu Server features
Work from home with global travel for up to 6 weeks per year for internal and external events

Who you are

You love developing and growing people and have a strong track record of doing it
You are knowledgeable and passionate about software development
You have 3 years of experience in leading, managing, coaching and mentoring software developers. Experience managing distributed teams is a plus.
You are focused on success and the delivery of timely, high quality software
You have experience working in an agile development environment
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
You have strong written and verbal technical communication skills in english
you have experience with a modern GNULinux distribution, Debian or Ubuntu preferred
Practical experience with at least 1 of Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, or Amazon Web Services

What Canonical Offers:

Learning and Development, with annual budget for professional development
Annual Compensation Review
Recognition Rewards
Annual Leave
Priority Pass for travel
Flexible working options and schedules
Work remotely with a talented globally distributed team
18 weeks full pay primary care giver parental leave, 4 weeks secondary, from day 1

Canonical is proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We truly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better platform for our users and customers. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of the world of Ubuntu.
stack LI-remote
 