Canonical, the publisher of Ubuntu, is growing its Linux kernel engineering team significantly. We are creating new teams in EMEA, Americas and APAC time zones that work holistically on the Ubuntu kernel and is therefore seeking multiple candidates to lead these new teams. These teams handle upstream development and the expression of new kernel capabilities in Ubuntu, they work with silicon and cloud partners to optimise the Ubuntu kernel for CPUs and hypervisors, they handle CVEs, livepatch and security updates to LTS and current release kernels, and they work with partners to ensure that Ubuntu works first time on every possible piece of hardware.  
This role would suit either an experienced manager of high performing software development teams, or a very proficient technical lead who is excited to take on a management responsibility. You will need to be passionate about Linux and aspire to be an integral part in its distribution to millions of users worldwide.
As an engineering manager at Canonical, your primary responsibility is to your team: helping them grow as engineers, do important and satisfying work, and have a great time while doing it. Technical leadership experience and a background in software engineering are necessary prerequisites for this role. You will be expected to lead, challenge, and develop strong engineers, positively influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution.
What your day will look like

Lead a distributed team of engineers in your time zone
Develop your team through coaching, mentoring, leading by example, and feedback
Support timely delivery of core and specialised Ubuntu kernels
Oversee commercial engagements that require custom kernel engineering
Ensure an ongoing commitment to strict quality and reliability standards
Engage with other teams at Canonical, the open source community and commercial partners
Work from home with travel globally 2-3 times a year for up to two weeks, for internal and external engineering events

What we are looking for in you

Significant programming experience in C, with Python, Golang, or other like languages also highly regarded
Substantial experience with Linux kernel internals and concepts
Solid understanding Linux kernel development principles
Demonstrated experience managing or leading a team of software engineers
Contributed to an open source project in the past
Understanding of agile software development methodologies
Ability to communicate effectively in English, both written and oral

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 