This role is an opportunity for a technologist with a passion for Linux and Cloud to build a career with Canonical and drive the success with those leveraging Ubuntu and open source products.  If you have an affinity for open source development and a passion for technology, then you will enjoy working with some of the best people in the industry at Canonical.
Dedicated Services Engineer
Dedicated Services Engineers (DSEs) architect and run the leading cloud technologies on the market today and in the future. This includes OpenStack and Kubernetes for multi-cloud environments as well as automated infrastructure and service orchestration. The dedicated cloud engineer works directly with a Canonical customer to understand their cloud needs and help shape their cloud strategy.
As a member of the team you will gain experience using a broad range of cloud technologies. Canonical clouds include future upgrades meaning you arent stuck working with old solutions. Canonical is a technology agnostic cloud leader, incorporating new solutions like Kubernetes as they become available staying up to date with the best open-source offerings.
Requirements

Proficiency in both Portuguese and English
Degree level education or equivalent, ideally in Engineering or Computer Science
Software Development experience and familiarity with Python
Demonstrated drive for continual learning
Experience working directly with customers

Nice to haves

Ideally located in or ready to relocate to the So Paulo, Brazil area but we welcome applications from other locations
Experience with OpenStack or Kubernetes deployment or operation

About Canonical
Canonical is a growing, international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu -- the worlds 1 cloud operating system. Our mission is to realize the potential of free software in the lives of individuals and organisations. Our services are helping businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu. 
We hope that youll join us in helping to shape and build the future of free software together.
We offer: 

Learning and Development
Competitive Salary
Recognition Rewards
Annual Leave
Priority Pass for travel
Flexible working option

Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
Canonical believes a diverse workforce enhances our ability to deliver world class software and services which meet the worlds computing needs. We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
LI-REMOTE Stack