This role is office based at our location in Xizhi District, New Taipei City.
This is a Python software engineering opportunity for a computer lab engineer passionate about open source software, Linux, and the latest server and network technologies. Come build a rewarding, meaningful career working with the best and brightest people in technology at Canonical, a growing international software company. If you love hacking in your home lab and are curious about hardware, you will love this opportunity.
As a Python Engineer - Data Center Hardware Integration Engineer in Canonical, you will be responsible for the day-to-day management and operations of our lab in Taipei, which serves as a centre point for Ubuntu device certification efforts, in partnership with Asia based OEMs, ODMs, and silicon companies. This role includes software defined hardware management, working with, and developing data centre automation tooling (MAAS), interacting with vendors, asset tracking and handling deliveries.
What youll do

Own a fully automated device lab with the latest hardware from leading vendors.
Use your Python development skills to develop the Metal as a Service (MAAS) software to work with a large variety of devices and network hardware.
Actively expand MAAS functionality by creating integrations with testing and scheduling software such as Testflinger, and test harness hardware developed by Canonical.
Manage the physical lab setup, ensure it is well structured and tidy.
Work to standardise processes, configurations, and procedures in cooperation with the engineers both locally and in other Canonical facilities.
Improve and extend hardware and network monitoring through automation.
Regularly update asset management tools to ensure accuracy and completeness of the lab hardware.
Update of equipment firmware when appropriate.

Who you are

Bachelors degree, preferably in Computer Science or Software Engineering.
Python programming experience.
Passion for tinkering: you are a maker.
Linux administration experience: virtualization (qemu, KVM), containers (Docker, LXD), OS imaging, boot management (Secure Boot, PXE, IPMI).
Continuous integration experience with tools like Jenkins, GitHub Actions, Circle CI.
Able to communicate clearly and effectively in English.
Ability to manage competing priorities.
Ability to work with a globally distributed team of passionate engineers.

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Onsite