The role of a Senior Software Architect, Commercial Systems at Canonical
This role is an opportunity for a senior software architect to build a career with Canonical and drive the architecture of internally developed and deployed software solutions.
The Commercial Systems team closely collaborates with other engineering and business teams at Canonical. Services designed, developed, and operated by the Commercial Systems team are used by millions of machines all over the world. Designing and developing these systems requires a high degree of understanding of distributed systems and appreciation for business critical systems and the value of data flowing between the systems. It is crucial for services developed by the Commercial Systems team to flawlessly and securely operate 247 and to allow for seamless integration with solutions developed and used by other teams at Canonical, while keeping security at the forefront. Apply here if you would like to be at the center of connecting all the dots and drive the architecture of such software solutions.
As a successful candidate, you will provide architectural guidance to six engineering teams within Commercial Systems that develop backend services for ESM, automate business processes, integrate a number of software systems used across Canonical, and develop an internal data lake. You will also work with engineering and business stakeholders on designing software solutions developed by the Commercial Systems team and made available to other engineering teams at Canonical as a service.
We are looking for a senior software architect with hands-on experience with Go and Python, distributed systems, SaaS, and microservices, who has the drive, energy, and skills to drive the architecture of business critical systems at Canonical.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.
What your day will look like

Drive the architecture of internally developed and operated software solutions
Actively seek improvements to established processes, designs, and solutions
Provide architectural guidance to engineering teams

What we are looking for in you

Bachelors degree or equivalent in Computer Science or a relevant work experience
Experience as a software architect working on distributed and business critical systems
Experience with Golang and Python as a software engineer
Experience with Kubernetes
Experience with Apache Kafka or similar
Experience with PostgreSQL
Excellent analytical skills and both verbal and written communication skills in English
Ability to collaborate remotely with a diverse set of team members and stakeholders, remain highly motivated, productive, and organized in a fully remote environment
Ability to travel to international destinations for one week at a time, approximately 2-4 times per year. Locations prior to the global pandemic included New York, Seattle, London, Cape Town, Budapest, Berlin, Montreal, and Brussels

Additional skills that you might also bring

Experience from finance, sales, or e-commerce domains

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote