The role of a Software Engineer at Canonical
This engineering role is an opportunity for a technologist with a passion for Linux to build a career with Canonical and drive the success of those leveraging Ubuntu and open source products. If you have an affinity for open source development, you will enjoy working with some of the best people in the industry at Canonical.
The Commercial Systems unit has several areas of responsibility spread across five engineering teams, closely collaborating with other engineering and business teams at Canonical. Services designed, developed, and operated by the Commercial Systems unit are deployed to millions of machines worldwide.
The first area of responsibility is centered around security. We develop and operate Ubuntu Pro and Livepatch backend services that support the authentication, authorization, and delivery of Extended Security Maintenance (ESM) at scale to a wide range of devices spanning from individual systems to large enterprise fleets running in cloud environments.
On the distributed systems front, we develop an open source identity manager Candid and a Juju multi-controller manager JIMM (Juju Intelligent Model Manager), that enables organizations to centrally manage operations across many Juju controllers deployed to public, private, and hybrid clouds. The majority of our systems are deployed to Kubernetes clusters.
The third major area is related to internal business operations. We develop and operate a data warehouse, including data ingestion pipelines, that are relied on by operations and data analytics teams. In addition to that, we help internal business units to automate processes across many software solutions and integrate SaaS solutions to ensure a smooth flow of data.
Lastly, we have a dedicated team of Salesforce engineers and administrators who take care of our Salesforce implementation and integration crucial to our sales and business operations. This team configures Salesforce and implements business processes that facilitate efficient operations.
We are looking for new colleagues with strong background in Go or Python, who have the drive and energy to deliver and operate solutions at scale with the highest engineering quality, continuously develop their skills, and work with us on defining the future of open source.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.
What your day will look like

Code in Go or Python
Collaborate with colleagues on technical designs
Stay in sync with team mates
Deploy and operate services developed by the team
Improve engineering and operations practices

What we are looking for in you

Bachelors degree or equivalent in Computer Science or related engineering field
Experience as a software developer in a high-level language - preferably Go or Python
Experience building, deploying, and operating distributed systems and APIs
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English
Ability to collaborate remotely with a diverse set of team members and stakeholders, remain highly motivated, productive, and organized in a fully remote environment
Ability to travel to international destinations for one week at a time, approximately 2-4 times per year. Locations prior to the global pandemic included New York, Seattle, London, Cape Town, Budapest, Berlin, Montreal, and Brussels

Additional skills that you might also bring

Experience developing and deploying for Ubuntu Linux in public clouds
Experience integrating authentication  authorization, financial, public cloud or marketplace systems
Experience with Salesforce developmentintegration or APEX

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote