We have openings for recent graduates in our global team of HR Generalists, one in each major region of the world. We are holding these positions for truly exceptional individuals who will graduate from their first undergraduate degree in the next year, or who have graduated in the last six months at the time of application. We will assess candidates on the basis of academic achievement and extramural leadership. Candidates will need to show a track record at school and university of consistent over-achievement as well as evidence of a desire and ability to learn, drive and shape HR practices on the global stage in a rapidly changing world.
Our people are based in more than 70 countries around the world. Our HR department depends on the precise application of policy and process as well as a depth of compliance and People partnering to make us an efficient, friendly, quality-driven, real-time service. The Associate HR Generalist will be responsible for supporting and coordinating general HR activities supporting our AMER and EMEA regions and driving our HR processes. This is a great opportunity to start and progress your career in a People function supporting team members worldwide. 
The successful candidate will bring an exceptional academic track record coupled with some experience working in an entry-level role in an HR or People Team. You will bring some existing knowledge of employment law. Ideally, we are looking for someone who has an inherent interest in the Technology sector, specifically Open Source.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA and Americas regions.
What your day will look like

Provide HR support by answering team members questions and responding to requests regarding their employment and contracts, escalating when necessary. Requests may include information about the new starter process and onboarding, questions regarding global benefits, employment verifications, and other general inquiries.
Maintain our HRIS, ensuring a high degree of accuracy and timeliness in processing all team member changes and new joiners. 
Owning global projects (e.g. engagement, training or culture initiatives)
Partnering with the managers and employees - supporting HR processes and driving the people strategy for your areas of responsibility
Working as a truly global partner to colleagues, especially leads, managers and executives
Process new hires, including country-specific on-boarding documentation, creation of files, systems set-up, and coordination of introductory reviews. 
Provide support to employees for the enrollment and processing of benefits and the payroll process, ensuring monthly data is provided on time and is accurate.
Liaise with payroll to guarantee smooth salary payments.
Create purchase orders for internal departments. 
Provide administrative support to employees for the enrollment and processing of benefits. 
Conduct regular audits of employment files and systems to ensure they are up-to-date, accurate, and GDPR compliant. 
Continually work to better our processes, spotting areas we can improve to drive our function forward.
Conduct and manage global background checks.

What we are looking for in you

An exceptional academic track record from both high school and preferably university
Experience working in an entry-level role in an HRPeople team is beneficial, preferably in the Technology industry.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Able to prioritize complex workloads, manage time effectively and work well under pressure. 
Self-motivated and results-orientated with a clear focus on accuracy. 
High level of honesty, integrity, and ability to handle confidential data. 
Flexible attitude and easily adaptable to change. 
Willing to take the initiative and provide suggestions and ideas to contribute to the success of the roleteam.
Ambitious to grow your career within HR.
Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events

What we offer you
We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus which varies based on seniority but starts at a range up to 10. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to ensure fairness globally.

Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Maternity and paternity leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues from your team and others
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 
 