Are you passionate about learning new stuff, maybe graphics drivers in the context of the Linux kernel? Or maybe youve mastered a different software development environment and are ready for a new challenge in Linux?  Are you looking to work on a great team, where you can apply and grow your knowledge about debian packaging as well as graphics drivers? In this role you will play an integral part in the delivery of Nvidia graphics drivers for our kernels.
The Canonical Linux Kernel Team is responsible for developing and maintaining all supported Ubuntu Linux kernels, which run on a variety of platforms and architectures from small embedded devices to standard desktopserver systems to large scale cloud environments. Ubuntu boasts first class support for Nvidia graphics cards, thanks to its constant and prompt delivery of driver updates on all its platforms.
For this position we are seeking a candidate that is a recent University graduate or a young professional who is enthusiastic to develop software in multiple areas including security updates, patching, and testing. This person must have a background in software engineering, be motivated to work in a distributed team and willing to travel globally up to 4 times a year for internal and external engineering events.     
Location: This is a remote role for someone based in the EuropeMiddle EastAfrica (EMEA) region.                       
What your day will look like

Maintain the NVidia graphics drivers and package new releases
Take personal responsibility for the delivery of graphics drivers
Patch the kernel driver to work against the latest Ubuntu kernel
Enhance and maintain Ubuntus additions to the NVidia settings panel
Maintain Ubuntus tools for hardware detection and driver installation
Diagnose and resolve issues reported by customers and the community
Collaborate regularly and proactively with a globally distributed team
Work closely with external silicon, cloud, or hardware manufacturer delivery teams on bleeding edge platforms

What we are looking for in you

Well-organized, self-starting and able to deliver to fixed schedules
Demonstrated ability to present oneself in a professional manner when interacting with colleagues, business partners, and the open source community
Ability to communicate effectively in English, both written and oral
Programming experience in C, with Python and Bash scripting
Solid background with git
Knowledge of the Linux kernel and kernel subsystems would be a plus
Demonstrated experience with kernel patching and debugging is also highly regarded
Prior experience with UbuntuDebianSnap packaging would be highly regarded

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 