The role of a Telecommunications Field Engineer at Canonical
The telco industry is moving to software-defined services. This transformation is driven by open source software, cloud computing and the move to VNF  CNF approaches. Canonical Ubuntu is a key platform for telco innovation, and we are growing our team of specialists who work in the industry to accelerate the change.
Canonical enables operators and communications service providers to embrace this new world, with a focus on platforms such as Ubuntu, OpenStack, and Kubernetes, and reusable, high quality automation for operations at scale.
As part of the Canonical Field Engineering organization, you will lead customers through the design and delivery of OpenStack, Kubernetes, and software-defined networking solutions. Your passion for open-source technologies will enable customers to understand and operate advanced infrastructure substrates to meet the demands of 5G and beyond.
Location: Remote-based, Americas and EMEA
 
What your day will look like

Match customer requirements to advanced capabilities in the VNFCNFNFViNFVOVNFMVIMMEC space
Provide technical pre-sales consulting to Service Provider teams
Design and implement telco-grade open source multi-tenant private clouds and micro clouds
Investigate, report andor fix software defects uncovered during customer deployments
Demonstrate advanced Infrastructure as code (IaC) techniques relevant to telco
Architect and implement advanced, resilient Service Provider Cloud and Application solutions
Design and deliver software defined infrastructure with OpenStack, Kubernetes, MAAS and Ceph
Learn model-driven operations with Juju charms for Kafka, Hadoop, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, NGINX, and more
Help customers adopt advanced Bare Metal, Public, Private and Hybrid Cloud solutions
Learn from customer engagements and drive meaningful product improvements
Shape our roadmap to accelerate our growth in the telco market

 
What we are looking for in you

Python software development experience (mandatory - intermediate level)
A thorough understanding of the telco NFVi (VIM), NFVO, VNFM and MEC space
Technical understanding of key telco technologies like CPU Pinning, NUMA, SRIOV, DPDK, etc
 A thorough working understanding of the architectures and infrastructure of MNOs and CSPs
Working knowledge of Mobile Packet Core, Radio, VAS, OSSBSS
Understanding of best practices for open source technology in telco virtualisation
Working knowledge of Linux, Openstack and Kubernetes networking
A passion to automate and improve all aspects of open source products and tooling
Ability to lead complex projects from start to finish
A collaborative attitude with a keen eye on customer success
Excellent communication and presentation abilities
Able to travel up to 50 of the time for events, customer meetings, project delivery

 
Additional skills that you might also bring

Second language
Track record of open source contributions 

 
What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

 
About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis 
and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
 
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
 
LI-remote 