The role
The Web and design team works as a multidisciplinary inclusive team with world-class user researchers, UX designers, visual designers and web engineers. We work collaboratively with many teams and roles across the organisation including product managers and other engineering teams.  
As an Engineering Manager at Canonical, your primary responsibility is to the people you support: ensuring that they are growing as web engineers, doing valuable work, and generally having a great time at Canonical. As a lead for strong engineers, technical leadership and a solid background in web development is a must, so that youre able to challenge and grow your team members. You will have the opportunity to influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution.
About Canonical
Canonical is a growing, international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu  the worlds 1 cloud operating system. Our mission is to realise the potential of free software in the lives of people and organisations. Our services are helping businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu. 
What you will do:

Collaborate proactively with a distributed team
Write high quality code to create new features
Debug issues and produce high quality code to fix them
Consistently provide high-quality code reviews to other engineers
Demonstrate sound engineering principles by directly contributing to your teams goals
Estimate work, set goals, and meet them
Write briefs, epics, and specifications and understand risks
Work from home with global travel 4 to 6 weeks for internal and external events
Understand completion criteria and push work to completion
Help mentor other engineers and manage staff.
Work to reduce complexity
Effectively set and manage expectations with other engineering teams, senior management, and external stakeholders
Support timely delivery of technical solutions to address business needs
Advocate and advance modern, agile software development practices and help develop and evangelise great engineering and organisational practices
Build and lead a globally distributed team of web engineers through hiring, coaching, mentoring, feedback and hands-on career development
Support timely delivery of technical solutions to address business needs
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with the company values
Be an active part of the leadership team and collaborate with other leaders in the organisation

Who you are

You are knowledgeable and passionate about web and software development
You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
You try to learn and use web best practices in your work
You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
You take web best practices into account with your work
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
You have solid experience working in an agile development environment
You drive work to completion
You take operational considerations (CI, updating, monitoring, observability, life-cycle management) into account
You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
You follow industry trends and new technologies
Youre capable of representing your team as a subject matter expert
You have the ability to own architecture and solve larger technical challenges
Youre seen as a trusted advisor for your area of expertise within Canonical
Youre capable of representing your team in the absence of management
You understand and value how you do what you do as well as what you do
You love developing and growing healthy teams and have a track record of doing it
You are knowledgeable and passionate about software development and organisational management
You value getting things done by turning product vision into executable strategy

We offer

Remote first: 100 remote working with the opportunity to travel to Sprints. We meet a couple of times a year in interesting places all around the world to come together to collaborate. These Sprints see circa 300 people come together. This year we have travelled to Frankfurt, Copenhagen, Montreal and Prague!


Personal development: Annual budget allowance and time to focus on areas you want to improve.


Compensation: eligibility for annual pay review including bonuses.
Recognition: The ability to possibly be rewarded and recognised by others for the work you do.
Travel: Priority Pass for lounge access when flying to sprints. International SOS membership to support you whilst travelling.

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote
 