Canonical is building a new generation of Ubuntu-based container images to simplify open-source application deployment across the world. These container images will be free to use with long-term security commitments, and engineered for performance, security and usability. As with Ubuntu, we will work in the open and welcome community participation.
In this role, youll be developing the tools and technology for building and maintaining this new generation of container images. Youll be working with multiple teams, both inside and outside Canonical, to ensure we deliver container images with the highest quality whilst maintaining a seamless Ubuntu user experience. You will also be highly involved in the implementation and maintenance of the Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery automation around these container images, for which you are expected to demonstrate deep insights into container-based DevOps.
You will be contributing to fast-moving products like ROCKs (OCI images) and Chisel, and thus have the chance to help steer and consolidate this new team. Youll gain experience with numerous container technologies and participate in exciting and exploratory tasks, where your feedback will be critical for the decision-making process. As an engineer, your seniority will be based on your software development background and ability to lead junior team members.
Come build a rewarding, meaningful career working with the best and brightest people in technology at Canonical. This is an exciting opportunity for experienced software engineers looking for a place to leave their mark, who are passionate about shaping an open source product with the highest quality, with and for the community!
What youll do

Build robust, scalable, leading-edge container images
Work on automated CiCD processes for building, testing and publishing our container images
Write tools and tests for assessing security compliance and cloud-native compatibility
Work in Python andor Go to deliver new functionalities to our container-building tools
Participate in strong engineering process through code and architectural review
Provide technical feedback for the teams decision-making process
Engage with the open-source community as a subject-matter expert
Grow our knowledge base and write documentation
Work in a collaborative, agile and globally distributed environment
Mentor and help hiring
Work from home with global travel up to 15 for internal and external events

Who you are - at least some of those statements apply to you:

You are knowledgeable and passionate about software development
You are a team player and have experience in collaborative development
You have worked with CICD systems (e.g. Jenkins, GitHub Actions, Concourse CI, etc.)
You have a track record of delivering timely, high-quality software
You have experience with container images and containerised operations
You master at least one container managementorchestration tool (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes, etc.)
You have significant experience with Python andor Go
You are experienced with Linux systems administration and package management
You have strong written and verbal communication skills to convey technical concepts
You bring clarity to technical and engineering discussions
You are someone who strongly believes that sharing is caring, and knowledge is power
Your skills range from those of a Graduate to a mid-senior Software Engineer
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or a similar degree

What Canonical Offers:

Learning and development, with an annual budget for professional development
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Priority Pass for travel
Work remotely with a talented, distributed global team

Canonical is proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background lead to a better environment for our employees and a better platform for our users and customers. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of the world of Ubuntu.
 
stack
LI-remote