Almost 20 years ago, with Ubuntu, Canonical created the first Linux for human beings. Our design team is on a mission to turn complex, open-source software into intuitive products that can change the face of enterprise IT. We are looking for an exceptional senior user experience designer, who shares our passion and wants to bring Linux to millions of desktops.
Our mission is to make enterprise-grade open source software, applications and services available to people everywhere. We create world-renowned software, impacting the lives of millions of engineers, enterprises, entrepreneurs and consumers every day. Our multi-disciplinary web design and production team includes visual designers, UX designers, front-end and back-end developers to bring exciting web projects to life. We help and learn from each other and strive to improve our work and processes.
Location: Remotely in the EMEA region
What your day will look like

Work with the Ubuntu desktop user community to research new features and improvements
Collaborate with product managers and engineers to shape the future of Ubuntu desktop
Create world-class desktop and web interactions for Ubuntu
Evolve and evangelise design systems that drive consistency and efficiency
Provide direction to the design team, keeping our efforts aligned with product strategy and best practices
Interact with the open source community to encourage adoption of features and designs
Managing a team of UX designers focusing on Canonicals developer experience

UX designers should be excellent communicators who are at ease working with a complex mix of engineers, designers and executives. They represent us at cross-functional company meetings and must present their design position with clarity and precision. They should be confident and excited to take on complex design challenges. They should also be able to connect their design leadership to the strategic vision of the company.
Read more about the design team
What we are looking for in you

Excellent academic results at school and university
Bachelors or equivalent in User Experience, Design, or STEM
Knowledge and passion for user experience, technology and design
Commitment to continuous learning and improvement - curious, flexible, scientific
Drive to finish work and celebrate success
Confidence in user research practices
Engagement with the latest design research and innovation

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events
An opportunity to shape a company and products
Influence in the open source community
An inclusive work environment

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-RemoteLI-ET1