We are looking for an experienced, rigorous and effective lawyer to lead Canonicals regulatory and legal compliance process, policy and activities. We anticipate expanding this responsibility as we float the business on one of the global markets. This role includes identifying and managing regulatory risk on a global basis. The successful candidate will work closely with experienced legal counsel in both Europe and USA and with Canonical personnel and external counsel worldwide.
This is an opportunity to own compliance for a dynamic technology business across multiple jurisdictions. Candidates must be able to demonstrate good commercial acumen as well as being organised, efficient, and capable to provide high quality legal and compliance advice.
Location: This role can be filled anywhere in the EMEA or Americas time zones.
What your day will look like

Report to our global general counsel as the senior member of a team focused on compliance
Conduct global research and monitoring to ensure that Canonical is aware of, and compliant with, emerging regulatory and legal requirements.
Review and maintain existing processes and policies to ensure compliance.
Work with local counsel in many countries to seek and implement advice.

What we are looking for in you

A well-qualified lawyer with experience in global regulatory and legal compliance matters.
Proven ability to develop and maintain policies and procedures to assure compliance.
Familiarity with applicable regulatory and legal obligations, including employment law.
Management of data privacy processes for Canonical, including subject access requests.
Responsibility for customer enquiries, contractual compliance, supplier and personnel compliance.
Input to IPO activities across people, process and technology.
Strategy and implementation of processes to mitigate AML risks. Ownership of the company risk register.
Remain up to date on national, federal and state laws related to the Canonical and update policies accordingly.
Create compliance resources, arrange training and manage annual compliance training.
Partnership with relevant stakeholders within Canonical (e.g. IS, Product and Finance) to manage compliance.
Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events.

Additional skills that you might also bring

Able to work in a fast-paced, multi-cultural environment operating in the open source software arena, with worldwide engagement and under tight deadlines and still contribute thoughtful and high-quality output.
Strong organisational and prioritisation skills, including the ability to coordinate projects. Able to take end-to-end responsibility.
Must be both an independent worker and a strong team player, very flexible, enthusiastic, friendly and approachable.
Good written and spoken communication skills.
Intellectually curious and confident. Comfortable with own areas of expertise and happy to learn more and be stretched.
Ideally would have a strong understanding of, belief in and commitment to free and open source software, free culture movements, and associated philosophies.

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 
 