This role is an opportunity for a technologist with a passion for Linux and Cloud technologies to build a career with Canonical and drive the success with those leveraging Ubuntu and open source products.  If you have an affinity for open source development and a passion for technology, then you will enjoy working with some of the best people in the industry at Canonical.
Engineering Manager
The BootStack team designs, builds, and operates modern distributed systems on private infrastructure for customers. From Kubernetes to OpenStack and everything in-between, youll be working with the latest technology in a fast-paced engineering environment. As a BootStack Engineering Manager for the BootStack team, you will be responsible for managing the engineers that oversee day-to-day Managed Service of customer environments, including customer service management, managed services operations and consistent product improvement engineering. Collaboration with customers, product engineering, and operations is critical to success.
As an Engineering Manager you will:

Manage a growing engineering team to optimise the quality and velocity of both development and operations
Identify and measure team health indicators
Implement disciplined engineering and operations processes
Represent the BootStack team with respect to stakeholders, customers, and external teams
Ensure proper team focus on priorities, milestones, and deliverables
Work to meet service level agreements with customer deployments around the globe
Deliver quality managed services in a consistent, timely manner

The successful Engineering Manager candidate will have:

Bachelors (or equivalent) education in a technology field
Proven track record of professional experience of either software delivery using Python, Go, C, C, Java, or similar andor managing operations teams
Proven experience with OpenStack
Demonstrated strong commitment to testing methodologies and maintainable code quality
Experience with Linux system administration, UbuntuDebian a plus
Strong communication and cooperation skills
Experience with agile software development methodologies
Experience working in and managing distributed teams
Technical aptitude for understanding complex distributed systems
Experience with cloud topologies and technologies
Travel to team and company events and customer meetings, roughly 20 or less

About Canonical
Canonical is a growing, international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu -- the worlds 1 cloud operating system. Our mission is to realize the potential of free software in the lives of individuals and organisations. Our services are helping businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu. 
We offer: 

Learning and Development
Competitive Salary
Recognition Rewards
Priority Pass for travel
Flexible working option

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote


 

