Work on mission-critical Golang code, focused on software delivery, containers, security sandboxing, telemetry and device management, as a software engineer on our SnapD team.
Snaps are next-generation software packaging and delivery for Linux. They are designed for safety, security and robustness, with application-specific confinement of containers optimised for IoT devices, desktops and servers. Our goal is that snaps work across multiple Linux flavors to ensure that publishers have the simplest way to reach the whole Linux world.
This role requires an obsession with quality and performance, for work at the heart of the operating system. It also requires an interest in the software publishing and consumption experience. Applicants should be passionate about open source software development. We value collaboration, peer reviews, good unitintegration testing and maintainable code. General knowledge and experience with Golang and Linux as a developer platform is required.
What youll do

Collaborate proactively with a distributed team
Write high quality code to create new features
Debug issues and produce high quality code to fix them
Review code produced by other engineers
Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions
Obsess over how to achieve robustness despite unexpected events like power outages
Work from home with global travel for up to two weeks, twice a year

Who you are

You love technology and working with brilliant people
You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
You value soft skills, are thoughtful and self-motivated
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
You have professional software development experience using Go, Python, C, or C
You know Linux system-level fundamentals,  e.g. cgroups, namespaces, apparmor
Commitment to software testing, code reviews and maintainable code

About Canonical
Canonical is a growing, international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu. Our services help businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.  Canonical is a unique tech company - global, remote-first, open source, with 700 professionals across 50 countries - we want to be the worlds best, not biggest, global software company. With almost every team remote by default, Canonical sets the pace on the 21st-century digital workplace.

Work from home
Learning and development allowances
Competitive Salary
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Generous annual leave
Paid maternity, paternity and sick leave
Priority Pass for travel
Exposure to international business and technology

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote
 