The role of a Graduate Customer Success Manager at Canonical
Customer success is a new and strategic department at Canonical, with a clear objective to reduce risk and churn, facilitate the adoption of new products or services and support expansion within existing accounts. Customer Success Managers (CSM)  are responsible for developing trust with their assigned customers and committing to providing them with the best possible experience navigating Canonicals vast offering. Through a clear understanding of their customers objectives, the CSM can activate a large range of internal and external capabilities to alleviate any pain point, align expectations, as well as help draw and deliver on an appropriate  collaboration roadmap. 
We are growing our Customer Success team to continue to offer thoughtful, smart, precise interactions across all our product portfolio, from Ubuntu to open source infrastructure and applications. 
This role is a first step in the CSM organisation. Primarily focusing on the Tech segment, including the store customers, you will also have a the portfolio assigned. Ubuntu is chosen by thousands of new users every month. This is our responsibility to ensure the best user experience for them through problem solving, onboarding, enablement and value realisation, the all the way to success. Through collaborative problem solving and participation in campaign efforts, you will connect with a large range of users of Canonical products and identify our future champions. 
Location:  This role will be based remotely worldwide.
 
What your day will look like           

A strong focus on supporting customers by finding solutions to ticket requests.
Enrich documentation about problem solving, QA, onboarding materials.
Drive campaigns targeting multiple customers through digital touch-points and activities.
Identify high potential as well as high risk customers from newly onboarded users or customers
Onboard new customers and introduce them to our products and support processes. Products include: Ubuntu Pro, MAAS, Landscape, Openstack, Ceph, Kubernetes, data applications and many more. 
Collaborate with Sales and Support in developing and delivering engagement plans that fulfill the customers objectives.
Engage with your portfolio of customers to ensure risk identification
Collect feedback from customers and format them for review by the product team

 
What we are looking for in you

Customer-facing experience
An empathetic individual with a natural drive to help others
Passion for technology, infrastructure and Ubuntu in particular is a must
Excellent presentation skills
Strong organisational skills, ability to structure and constantly update documentation
A team player capable of interacting with all departments internally 

 
Additional skills that you might also bring

Fluency in a language other than English

 
What we offer you
We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.

Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Maternity and paternity leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues from your team and others
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

 
About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
 
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
 
LI-remote 