Bring your people analytics, social science research and data miningscience skills to a unique team seeking to understand, and shape, the future of the digital workplace. We are interested in technology, of course, but we are also interested in the human mission of enabling the worlds brightest and hardest working people to live where they want and work from anywhere. Most of our colleagues could move to a tech hub but they choose Canonical because of our mission and our approach to the workplace.
Wed like to understand what really makes a distributed, remote-first workplace work. We think were pretty good at this (being remote first for almost 20 years), but we know there is a lot still to understand, and the frontier of possibility continues to move outward. Wed like to invest in research, analytics and tooling which raises the bar even further for remote collaboration and organisation.
If we are able to build tools that meaningfully improve our cooperation and our satisfaction, then we intend to share our insights with the world, both as a narrative and as SAAS or open source that helps other companies follow in our footsteps.
The role of a Workplace Analytics Engineer at Canonical
Support analytics and data mining in a cross-disciplinary team of organisational psychologists, web front end engineers, back end engineers and statistics  analytics experts to help us build a new definition for the 21st century digital workplace. Collaborate to figure out what really drives productivity, effectiveness and happiness in a remote-first globally distributed company.
In addition to your existing people analytics work experience, this role will combine your skills in psychology, data analytics and visualisation, to help create a more effective workplace.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region. 
What your day will look like

Utilise advanced data analytics to understand how we hire and how we work (productivity, happiness and effectiveness) across a global, remote first organisation
Focus on quantitative and qualitative data analytics to find insights and meaningful business outcomes
Tell the story from the insights through dashboards, visualizations and presentations
Design and conduct research into trends shaping talent science and remote work
Collaborate with stakeholder teams (ex., engineering, information systems, etc) to improve the data and tool ecosystem supporting our digital workplace

What we are looking for in you

Background in data science, mathematics, actuarial science, or engineering
First work experience in People Analytics 
Knowledge in advanced statistics, data sciences, codingscripting languages (Python, R, etc), and databases (SQL, etc)
Strength in data analytics and visualization (Looker Studio, Tableau, etc)
Ability to translate business questions to key research objectives
Ability to identify the best methodology to execute research, synthesize and analyse findings
Excellent writing and communication skills
Willingness to examine the status quo and resilient in the face of challenges

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilization. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.
 Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
 Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per annum
 Annual compensation review
 Recognition rewards
 Annual holiday leave
 Parental Leave
 Employee Assistance Programme
 Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
 Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events
About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 