Were looking for an exceptional payroll administrator with experience of working with outsourced payroll bureaus (US, UK, EU andor additional jurisdictions) to manage the companys end to end global payroll and contractor payments. Youll have domain expertise in processing payroll in different countries. You are reliable, diligent and pay attention to details and always work towards improving current processes.
This role may choose to be office based out of London or home based, and will report to our Global Financial Controller.
Key responsibilities

Ensure all payrolls are always delivered on time and with 100 accuracy
Process the payrollcontractor data in an organised and structured manner
Manage all payroll deadlines and monthly payroll tasks
Prepare payroll reports and provide monthly payroll data in journal format to finance for processing
Comply with GDPR regulations and maintain payroll securityconfidentiality
Deal with payroll queries and resolve or escalate as required
Constantly seek out ways to improve systems and processes to ensure a seamless flow between HR, Payroll and Finance
Keep payroll policies up to date and write any new procedures as required
Provide support to any project related activities from Finance and HR
Provide support to Finance with reporting and audit queries
Assist with future expansions of global payrolls and other projects
Manage all payroll correspondence and act as a point of contact for all escalated payroll queries
Maintain strong cross-functional team relationships
Build strong relationships with vendors to ensure excellent service delivery and compliance in all countries

Valued skills and experience

Experience in a similar payroll role or working with outsourced payroll bureaus
Excellent communication skills to converse with external parties and internal team members of all levels
Strong process and planning mindset
Ability to think outside the box and solve problems when faced with new challenges
Excellent analytical skills and attention to detail
Exceptional planningorganisational skills and being deadline oriented
Ability to work with different software systems, and have excellent knowledge of spreadsheets and formulas
Being a team player as well as being able to work independently

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 