Our mission is to reinvent the way companies manage their open source information systems - on public clouds and in their own data centres. To achieve that we are building a new community around Python opscode for open source applications, running on Kubernetes. We want to move all of Canonical and Ubuntu IS onto this new, open source codebase.
We are confident that we can dramatically improve the experience of running complex business operations - and then we can help our customers embrace those new techniques and products. Traditionally, IS is an inward-facing operation. We would like to transform our IS team into an extension of the product engineering capability at Canonical. Our internal workloads are in many cases the same open source workloads that our customers want to operate. This team will productise those workloads for real-time automated operations on Kubernetes.
This role is ideal for software engineers who enjoy Python, have a passion for distributed systems, and an interest in the entire Linux stack - from kernel to networking to virtualization and containers. It is a role that requires rigour in both code and customer interactions. Our engineers are technically astute open source enthusiasts who are excited about cloud computing and are ready to join a global team charged with delivering world class services to our customers.
Strong Python development skills and familiarity with Kubernetes are key requirements of this role. Youll work closely with other teams in Canonical to ensure your products operate reliably, efficiently and scale to production sized workloads for our customers looking to adopt cutting-edge technology. You will participate and be responsible for ensuring sound software architecture and follow best practices in software quality, testing and documentation.
What youll do

Work in Python to design and deliver open source software operations code
Work across the entire Linux stack, from kernel, networking, storage, to applications
Learn to think rigorously about application and infrastructure reliability
Shape high quality open source monitoring and alerting infrastructure
Simplify open source operations for our customers and open source community
Demonstrate sound engineering design and testing principles in your code
Follow agile software development practices
Coach and develop your colleagues where you have insights
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with company values
Work from home with global travel once or twice a year for up to 2 weeks for events

Who you are

You love technology and working with brilliant people
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
You are experienced with Linux systems administration, package management, and operations
You have hands-on experience with at least one public cloud
You are familiar with Docker and Kubernetes
You are an experienced Python programmer and enjoy challenging projects
You understand the importance of reliable software and strive to design and code to that expectation
You are organized and want your team to deliver timely, high quality software

About Canonical
Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our mission is to realise the potential of free software in the lives of individuals and organisations. Our services are helping individuals and businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote Stack