Canonical is building a comprehensive suite of multi-cloud and on-premise data solutions for the enterprise. We want to make it easy to operate any database on any cloud, or on premise. The data platform team covers the full range of data stores and data technologies, spanning from big data, NoSQL, cache-layer capabilities, and analytics; all the way to structured SQL engines like Postgres and MySQL. We aim to deliver fault-tolerant mission-critical distributed systems, and the worlds best data platform. 
We are looking for a technical Engineering Manager to lead a team focused on NoSQL databases. We write code in Python and encode modern operational practices for data applications at scale on Kubernetes and cloud machines.
Location: This role can be filled in European, Middle East, African or any American region  time zone.
What your day will look like

You will lead a team building scalable data solutions for Kubernetes and cloud machines
You will hire, coach, mentor, provide feedback, and lead your team by example
You will demonstrate sound engineering skill by directly contributing code when needed
Effectively set and manage expectations with other engineering teams, senior management, and external stakeholders
Advocate modern, agile software development practices
Develop and evangelize great engineering and organizational practices
Ensure that your team delivers excellent products that users love by maintaining a culture of quality and engineering excellence
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture aligned with the companys values.
Be an active part of the leadership team and collaborate with other leaders in the organization
Work from home with global travel twice yearly, for internal events of one or two weeks duration

What we are looking for in you

A software engineering background, preferably with Python and Golang experience
Experience running in production and at scale, preferably databases, preferably NoSQL
Excellent judgement about people - their motivations, abilities, developmental needs, and prospects for success
Proven ability to build high-quality, open-source software
Proven to drive good engineering practices around performance and quality
An open-minded attitude to new technologies and the drive to push the boundaries of what is possible
The ambition to build products that improve how people operate software and infrastructure everywhere
Love developing and growing people and have a track record of doing it
Knowledgeable and passionate about software development

Additional skills that you might also bring

Specialist knowledge in one or more of MongoDB, OpenSearch, and Redis
Prior experience working with open source and a will to build products with the community

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote
 