Our mission is to build a next-generation private cloud infrastructure, combining KVM, Ceph, and SDN technologies to create a data center scale cloud that just works and provides a mission-critical cloud for edge and core enterprise deployments. Were hiring engineering managers with experience in high-quality microservice architectures and high-performance team leadership who also have deep familiarity with Linux kernel, virtualisation, storage and networking.
LXD components span the entire software stack from low-level kernel features to the upper level management APICLI. Our most effective engineers are fluent in all these layers, and able to anticipate the consequences of design and engineering choices elsewhere in a complex distributed system.
As an engineering manager at Canonical you must be technically strong, but your responsibility is to run an effective team and develop the colleagues you manage. You are expected to help them grow as engineers, do important work, do it outstandingly well, find professional and personal satisfaction, and work well with colleagues and community. Technical leadership experience and a background in software engineering are necessary prerequisites for this role. You will be expected to lead, challenge, and develop strong engineers, positively influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution.
The successful candidate will have experience leading successful, collaborative engineering teams, and demonstrate the ability to solve challenging distributed systems problems and deep knowledge of Linux.
What youll do

Lead a team of remote engineers
Develop talent through coaching, mentoring, feedback and hands-on career development
Set and manage expectations with other engineering teams, senior management, and external stakeholders
Advocate and advance modern software development practices
Participate in the engineering process through code and architectural review
Engage with teams at Canonical, the open source community and partners
Work from home with global travel for 4 to 6 weeks per year for internal and external events

Who you are

You understand modern Linux cloud computing technologies, including networking, storage, containers and K8s
You love developing and growing people and have a strong track record of doing it
You are focused on success and the delivery of timely, high quality software
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
You have strong written and verbal technical communication skills
You have experience programming in C andor Go.

What is Canonical?
Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote Stack