The role of HR Manager at Canonical
With 1,000 colleagues across 70 countries, we require an HR function that thinks and acts globally. Were looking for three regional leads that will all report into our Global Head of People who can help build our company as we go through continued growth plans. Its an exciting time to join with the opportunity to help shape and create an HR function for the future. You will lead the APAC team of HR professionals to provide precise, compliant and scalable HR operations to the business, advise and execute on HR issues across the whole employee life-cycle, and partner with senior leadership in your region. You will have an analytical approach, a keen eye for detail and the ability to interpret data trends and themes.
What your day will look like

Lead and scale Canonicals regional HR team 
Deliver precise and compliant HR operations in a timely manner and with the highest degree of accuracy
Interact closely with Talent Acquisition and Workplace Engineering teams and create tight-knit processes across all HR regions 
Be accountable for HR processes such as talent development, succession planning, performance assessments, onboarding, culture and engagement initiatives that drive a high performing team
Work with senior managers across the business on performance management, organizational design, employee engagement, rewards- and workforce planning
Coach and advise people managers on the full spectrum of employee relations issues across multiple countries
Partner with people managers to support the delivery of appropriate training and development programs
Establish a trusted partnership with the business in your region
Drive diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives
Design new policies and deliver on business-critical HR related projects globally
Present at Canonical events to articulate Canonicals HR practices

What we are looking for in you

Degree qualified
HR experience leading initiatives across regions within a technology business
Labor law experience in Taiwan, Australia, Japan or China
People management experience
Experience in business partnering with senior stakeholders
A good balance between leading and executing, in this role you will need to be hands-on involved in the daily HR routines, too  
Experience in working in a remote first organization
Able to leverage data to make informed decisions
Fluent in business English (written and spoken)
Self motivated, organized, accurate, confident, authentic,  results-orientated, open-minded, enthusiastic and energetic
Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events

Additional skills that you might also bring

Experience with immigration policies and mobility processes
Professional HR qualification
Facilitation skills 

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits below, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilization. Canonicals compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.
 Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
 Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
 Annual compensation review
 Recognition rewards
 Annual holiday leave
 Parental Leave
 Employee Assistance Programme
 Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
 Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events
Who is Canonical?
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
 
 LI-REMOTE 