The role of a Senior Project Manager - Ubuntu Embedded Systems at Canonical
As a Senior Project Manager for Canonicals Devices business, this role is responsible for the coordination and completion of large complex customer-facing projects, overseeing all aspects of project delivery and acting as the primary delivery liaison between Canonicals engineering teams and Canonicals customers.
You will be managing the projects that involve the delivery of Ubuntu images on a wide variety of devices ranging from robots, edge gateways, and IoT devices to PCs and automotive systems. This is a high-profile project management position where you are expected to build and maintain working relationships with team members, customers, other partnersvendors (Silicon vendors, OEMs, ODMs, IHVs), and other Canonical departmentsteams. 
Location: This role will be based remotely in the APAC region
What your day will look like

Manage projects through their complete life cycle and ensure that the overall goals for both Canonical and the client are met
Successfully deliver engineering professional services for assigned projects
Work with engineering teams on custom board enablement and delivery of Ubuntu images to the customers
Assist in the development of project statements of work
Draft and maintain project-specific schedulesproject plans 
Obtain client agreement to the project schedule and agreed-upon work items
Ensure projects are delivered within the timeresourcesscope expectations
Manage project risk mitigation and plans
Drive technical issues to reach desired delivery outcomes
Maintain daily and weekly communication with the client and all internal stakeholders
Manage delivery schedule of critical third-party deliverables for the project
Keep management informed of the status of assigned projects
Identify custom engineering requests that are not part of an existing business contract
Advocate the appropriate technologies from Canonicals product portfolio to customers
Support different time zones and work non-traditional hours as required to support the assigned projects
You will be responsible for managing multiple projects simultaneously

What we are looking for in you

Solid project management experience in delivering engineering services to customers managing software development teams and field engineers
Extensive experience successfully managing projects with cross-cultural and multi-continent internal and external project resources, preferably with resources in Asia, Europe, and the Americas
Educational degree preferably in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math
Good knowledge of Linux and the wider Open Source Software community, and understanding of computer architecture
Excellent communications skills, both verbal and written, in English
Strong leader and problem solver with extensive experience building successful internal and external partnerships and effective working relationships with demanding project sponsors in complex organizational environments
PMPPMI or PRINCE2 Practitioner Certification preferred
Ability to work non-standard work hours in support of a worldwide sales and project team
Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events

What we offer you
We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.

Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person
Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Maternity and paternity leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues
Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Working at Canonical is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 