This is an Engineering Manager role, focused on a new generation of ops technology, to run a team that works in Python on Kubernetes.
Our mission is to reinvent the way people run software - on public clouds and in their own data centres. To achieve that we are building a new community around Python opscode for open source applications, running on Kubernetes. We want to move all of Canonical and Ubuntu IS onto this new, open source codebase.
This is cutting-edge opportunity for a technical leader passionate about building a world-class devops culture in corporate information systems. We are confident that we can dramatically improve the experience of running complex business operations - and then we can help our customers embrace those new techniques and products. Traditionally, IS is an inward-facing operation. We would like to transform our IS team into an extension of the product engineering capability at Canonical. Our internal workloads are in many cases the same open source workloads that our customers want to operate. This team will productise those workloads for real-time automated operations on Kubernetes.
As an engineering manager youll lead a team in your local time zone, focused on the business workloads that make Ubuntu, Canonical, and our various services highly available around the planet.You will be responsible for sound software architecture and best practices in software quality, testing and documentation.Technical leadership experience and a background in software engineering are prerequisites for this role. You will be expected to lead, challenge, and develop strong engineers, positively influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution.
What youll do

Youll lead a team focused on productising business workloads
You will build and manage a regional team of engineers
Youll develop your team through coaching, mentoring, and feedback
You will demonstrate sound engineering by directly contributing toward your teams goals
Set reasonable schedules based on considered estimates, with feedback loops for improvement
Set and manage expectations with other engineering teams and external stakeholders
Advance modern, agile software development practices
Maintain a culture of quality and engineering excellence
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with the company values
Be an active part of the leadership team and collaborate with other leaders in the organisation
Work from home with global travel up to 20 for internal and external events

Who you are

You have experience in Docker and Kubernetes operations
You have a software engineering background, with proven Python experience
You have experience developing Python frameworks, and understand the importance of stable consumable APIs
You love embracing new technologies and pushing the boundaries of what is possible
You have an interest in building products that improve how people operate software and infrastructure everywhere
You love developing and growing people and have a track record of doing it
You are knowledgeable and passionate about software development
You have experience working in an agile development environment

About Canonical
Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote Stack