The role of a Product Designer at Canonical
With Ubuntu, Canonical created the first Linux for human beings. Our design team is on a mission to turn complex, open-source software into intuitive products that can change the face of enterprise IT. We are looking for an exceptional Product Designer, who shares our passion.
Our mission is to make enterprise-grade open source software, applications and services available to people everywhere. We create world-renowned software, impacting the lives of millions of engineers, enterprises, entrepreneurs and consumers every day. Our multi-disciplinary web design and production team includes visual designers, UX designers, front-end and back-end developers to bring exciting web projects to life. We help and learn from each other and strive to improve our work and processes.
We make enterprise-grade open source available to people everywhere. We are looking for an expert Product Designer who is fluent in current design thinking, with an appetite for technology and innovation, and who is looking to bring the Ubuntu and Canonical brands to life across events, offices as well as digital and social assets. As a multi-disciplined designer, you will deliver exceptionally crafted and creative work in response to the business design needs.
This role sits in the design team reporting to the design manager - brand  marketing.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.
What will your day look like
We create world-renowned software, impacting the lives of millions of engineers, enterprises, entrepreneurs and consumers every day. Our design team works in a multi-disciplinary environment with visual designers, UX designers, front-end and back-end engineers to  bring exciting web projects to life. We help and learn from each other and constantly strive to improve our work and processes.
Product Designers at Canonical have a vital role in the success of Ubuntu, our partners, customers and the larger Ubuntu community. Clear, stylish presentation that aids the user experience of our products is how we raise the bar and reach the widest audience. Real content and information will be at the core of the designs you produce. You know the ins and outs of typography, colour and layout, and you care deeply about usability, accessibility and web standards. You should have agency, company or freelance design experience.
Read more about the design team
What we are looking for in you

Excellent academic results at school and university
Bachelors or equivalent in Art Design
Exceptional design talent with experience in branding, including visual identities, brand experiences
Knowledge and passion for user experience, technology and design
Commitment to continuous learning and improvement - curious, flexible, scientific
Engagement with the latest design research and innovation
Knowledge of InDesign, Illustrator, and Figma Photoshop

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events 

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer 
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-RemoteLI-ET1