Work across the full Linux stack from kernel through networking, virtualization and graphics to optimise Ubuntu, the worlds most widely used Linux desktop and server, for the latest silicon.
The role is a fast-paced, problem-solving role thats challenging yet very exciting. The right candidate must be resourceful, articulate, and able to deliver on a wide variety of solutions across Server, PC and IoT technologies. Our teams partner with specialist engineers from major silicon companies to integrate next-generation features and performance enhancements for upcoming hardware.
What youll do

Design and implement the best Ubuntu integration for the latest IoT and server-class hardware platforms and software stacks
Work with partners to deliver a delightful, optimised, first class Ubuntu experience on their platforms
Take a holistic approach to the Ubuntu experience on partner platforms with inputs on technical plans, testing strategy, quality metrics
Participate as technical lead on complex customer engagements involving complete system architectures from cloud to edge
Help our customers integrate their apps, SDKs, build device OS images, optimize applications with Ubuntu Core, Desktop and Server
Work with the most advanced operating systems and application technologies available in the enterprise world.

Joining Canonical, you will partner with bright minds from all over the world, and work with an exciting set of new technologies in a fast growing company with a truly unique and ambitious vision to build a better platform with free software. You will work with customers on exciting IoT and server platforms and technologies, built to support different verticals: from robots to data centers, from telco to retail.
Who you are

You love technology and working with brilliant people
You have a Bachelors degree in Computer Science, STEM or similar 
You have experience with Linux packaging (Debian, RPM, Yocto)
You have experience working with open source communities and licences
You have experience working with C, C
You can work in a globally distributed team through self-discipline and self-motivation.

Nice to have

Experience with graphics stacks
Good understanding of networking - TCPIP, DHCP, HTTPREST
Basic understanding of security best practices in IoT or server environments
Good communication skills, ideally public speaking experience
IoT  Embedded experience  from board and SoC, BMCs, bootloaders and firmware to OS, through apps and services
Some experience with DockerOCI containersK8s

What Canonical Offers

Learning and development opportunities
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Priority Pass for travel

Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our mission is to realise the potential of free software in the lives of individuals and organisations. Our services are helping individuals and businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.