Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. The Commercial Engineering Quality Assurance (QA) team works with all the engineering teams in Canonical, OEM and ODM customers, to bring Ubuntu directly to millions of users by delivering certified Ubuntu laptop, desktop, IoT and other computing devices.
As a Graduate Software QA engineer, you will join the team responsible for our strategy for quality coordination and testing. You will learn to be a quality expert with extensive experience establishing quality processes from the ground up. You will understand the tools and techniques used to introduce new products, and will work with teams across the company to drive quality improvements through the entire development cycle.
As a Graduate Software Quality Assurance Engineer you will:

Improve our automated test capability with design and code contributions
Perform automated and manual testing of Ubuntu Desktop, Server and Core on varies latest hardware.
Suggest solutions to identified product problems
Collaborate with the Project team to ensure consistent project execution
Identify quality assurance process bottleneck and suggest improvements
Collect quality data
Establish proactive measures to improve the quality and reliability of the Ubuntu platform
Prepare time estimates and schedule for testing activities
Identify, isolate, and document bugs clearly and concisely in the bugs database
Work with development teams across multiple projects to build efficient, effective automated testing
Communicate effectively with colleagues in a variety of time zones around the world
Triage test reports and customer bugs

The successful Graduate Software Quality Assurance Engineer will have :

Passionate about Linux desktop, and related technologies. Ubuntu experience would be a plus
Experience with common scripting languages, including Shell script, Python or JavaScript
Comfortable with online communication and collaboration such as mailing lists, Mattermost, wiki
Excellent logic, problem solving, and troubleshooting skills
Strong written and spoken communication skills in English
Ability to be productive in a globally distributed team
Ability to pick up new technologies and achieve high effectiveness quickly

What Canonical Offers:

Learning and development
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Priority Pass for travel
Annual health check

 
Canonical believes a diverse workforce enhances our ability to deliver world class software and services which meet the worlds computing needs. We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
 