We are seeking an experienced software engineer passionate about Linux systems, hardware architectures, Ubuntu, and the open source community, to join the Ubuntu Foundations Engineering team to maintain and enhance Ubuntu bootloader stack to provide fast, reliable and secure Ubuntu systems on all devices and in the cloud. 
The boot process is one of the most critical aspects of any operating system where stability, reliability and security are paramount. Its efficiency and quality contribute to Ubuntus success from Desktop, Server to the Cloud. We are expanding our Foundations team to focus our efforts on this essential function and are looking for people passionate about lower level technologies from the hardware, to the firmware, and Linux itself, involved in an operating system startup. Applicants should be comfortable working with Secure Boot, Measured Boot, Full Disk Encryption and other technologies used during modern operating systems boot process.
This is highly technical work, and we are looking for a colleague with a very careful and systematic approach to their software. This work is critical to system security and reliability.
The Ubuntu Foundations Team delivers and maintains the core of the Ubuntu system, the base for the entire Ubuntu family of products and services. Ubuntu strives to deliver the latest and best free software components, in an easy to use and highly reliable form. We build on the technical excellence of Debian and bring additional focus and shape to the solutions we offer industry. 
As a Linux System Engineer, you will work on the architecture, design and development of core components involved in the boot and startup of the Ubuntu Distribution, often interacting with the upstream community for projects like Grub, shim and u-boot. You will be discussing design with other team members and mentor less senior engineers and participate in code reviews and design reviews.  You will also be working with other teams to ensure architecture decisions improve the overall performance and experience of Ubuntu.
What youll do

Collaborate proactively with a distributed team
Work with highly technical team to define and shape the boot architecture of Ubuntu
Work with teams focused on Ubuntu for server, desktop, IoT and clouds 
Write high quality code to create new features and contribute upstream
Contribute to feature and bug fixes in projects including Grub, shim, u-boot and associated tools.
Debug issues and produce high quality fixes
Review code produced by other engineers
Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions
Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks a year for internal and external events

Valued skills, approach and experience

Development experience with early boot software like TF-A, OP-TEE, U-Boot, shim, GRUB, or the Linux kernel.
Experience on non x86 platforms such as ARM, RISC-V
A love of technology and working with brilliant people
Motivated, curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
A long-time Linux user with broad interests in the future of Linux
Experience or interest in learning how to package software for Debian and Ubuntu
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
Enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated

What Canonical offers:

Personal learning and development budget 
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Priority Pass for travel

Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote