Lead the team responsible for MicroK8s and Charmed Kubernetes.
Canonical offers two distributions of upstream Kubernetes, and enables multiple partners to build their own specialised distributions too. For small clusters, IoT, and developers, we offer Microk8s, a very popular low-ops, self-healing, highly available Kubernetes. Our goal with MicroK8s is to have Kubernetes disappear into the background, with a one-command install and one-command cluster deployment approach that uses best-of-breed defaults, and maintains itself automatically. For large-scale deployments with complex integration requirements we offer Charmed Kubernetes, which enables people to mix-and-match components from a wide range of open source and proprietary vendors across the industry, with specific architectures on metal and clouds.
As an engineering manager of the Kubernetes team youll engage the Kubernetes community, represent Canonical and Ubuntu at KubeCon, and use your engineering leadership abilities to guide teams using Python and Go to deliver exciting new features to thousands of enthusiastic users. Join our globally distributed team and help build the next generation of container technology for devs, cloud, clusters, workstations, Edge and IoT.
This is an exciting opportunity for a leader passionate about strong teams, open source software, Linux and Kubernetes. Build a rewarding, meaningful career working with the best and brightest people in technology at Canonical, a growing international software company.
What youll do

Build and lead a globally distributed team of engineers
Develop talent through coaching, mentoring, feedback and hands-on career development
Support timely delivery of technical solutions to address business needs
Effectively set and manage expectations with other engineering teams, senior management, and external stakeholders
Advocate and advance modern, agile software development practices
Participate in strong engineering process through code and architectural review
Engage with teams at Canonical, the open source community and commercial partners
Oversee the quality, and engineering practices of a large team of software engineers building Kubernetes offerings
Work from home with global travel for 4 to 6 weeks per year for internal and external events

Who you are

You are knowledgeable and passionate about software development
You have some experience leading, managing, coaching and mentoring software developers
You are focused on success and the delivery of timely, high quality software
You have solid experience working in an agile development environment
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
You have strong written and verbal technical communication skills
You bring an understanding of modern Linux, Containers, Docker, and Kubernetes

What is Canonical?
Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote Stack