We have created a role for a Technical Manager, Automotive and Industrial with a passion for open source and precision engineering. Today, Canonical is providing secure and reliable products to our industrial and automotive partners. Our solutions are bridging the gap between Open-Source innovation and industry specific requirements represented by stringent certification processes. Our goal is to enable industries such as automotive to leverage our open source portfolio. From the factory to the cloud by way of the car, we are committed to providing the most secure and advanced platform for automotive innovation. 
Your role will include the ability to grow, lead a team of dedicated engineers aiming at adaptating our products to automotive and industrial specific requirements. You will represent Canonical and Ubuntu in the industrial and automotive community and standards consortia. You and your team will make sure our products and ways of working are supporting standards addressing processes, cyber-security and safety concerns such as described by (but not limited to) IEC 65108, ISO9001 and Automotive specific ISO 21434 UNECE R155  R156, ISO26262 ASIL (from B to D) or ASPICE. At the same time, we aim at enhancing the delivery quality, security and developer experience where you will be expected to lead, challenge, and positively influence the culture and work with your team on strategy and execution. You will report directly to our Vice President of Engineering Excellence and work closely with the Automotive Product Manager to define and execute a vision and roadmap for automotive at Canonical.
Location: This is a Globally remote role
What youll do

Work with Product Management to refine the vision and strategy for automotive at Canonical
Define and execute an engineering roadmap for the automotive team at Canonical
Represent Ubuntu and Canonical in the automotive community, in front of customers, partners and consortia
Build and lead a globally distributed team of engineers and coordinate, guide and oversee their work
Develop skills through coaching, feedback and hands-on technical leadership
Set and manage expectations with other engineering teams, senior management, and external stakeholders
Advocate and advance modern, agile software development practices
Help develop and evangelize great engineering and organizational practices
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with the company values
Work from home with international travel twice a year, up to two weeks at a time, for company events

Who you are

You have a strong software engineering, Linux, and open source background
You have knowledge of automotive and industry standards such as ISO21434, ISO26262, SOTIF, IEC 65108, and ideally have led product development initiatives that fulfilled compliance with one or more of the mentioned standards
You have in-depth knowledge in Linux packages and embedded development
You have experience in CC and Python programming
You have practical experience in automotive, including functional safety, embedded systems, cloud and related software trends
You have experience leading, managing, coaching and mentoring software developers
You have a track record of timely delivery and high quality software
You love developing and growing people and have a track record of doing it
You have experience working in an agile development environment

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits below, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-REMOTE