The role of a Financial Analyst at Canonical
As a Financial Analyst, youll be a core member of the FPA Team and wider finance team. You will play a key part in our monthly business reviews, quarterly forecasting, annual planning, and continuously drive cross-functional business alignment. Our ideal candidate is a highly analytical independent thinker, who has a desire to learn how to leverage business judgment, driven by data, to advise on critical financial, commercial and strategic decisions.
Location: This is a Globally remote role.
What your day will look like

Generate insights into business operations by analyzing unit economics, drivers of variance, and other KPIs
Support quarterly and annual financial planning, forecasting, reporting, and monthly budget reviews
Provide analysis of commercial initiatives that have a strategic or financial impact on the business
Create objective analyses and processes for a fast-growing tech company to scale efficiently and make data-driven decisions
Support multi-functional change projects designed to enhance systems, processes, and data accuracy
Partner with and communicate business progress to key stakeholders against financial and strategic targets 

What we are looking for in you

An exceptional academic track record from both high school and university
Drive and a track record of going above-and-beyond expectations
Strong problem-solving and analytical abilities
Excellent presentation and communication skills
Curiosity and willingness to work on a wide range of projects
Proficiency in spreadsheets and financial modeling
Understanding of core accounting principles 
Professional written and spoken English 
Excellent interpersonal skills, curiosity, flexibility, and accountability 
Passion, thoughtfulness, and self-motivation 
Excellent communication and presentation skills 
Result-oriented, with a personal drive to meet commitments 
Ability to travel twice a year, for company events up to two weeks long

Additional skills that you might also bring

Bachelors degree in finance, business, or related field
Previous experience in an analytically focused finance or business role
Experience with Business Intelligence reporting, CRM and ERP systems

What we offer you
We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.

Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person
Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Maternity and paternity leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues
Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote