Ubuntu Security Certifications Manager
The role of a Ubuntu Security Certifications Manager
This is an exciting opportunity to work on making Ubuntu the most enterprise ready operating system in the world. You will work alongside fantastic security professionals already onboard at Canonical, and share your time between contributing technically, and managing team members and projects.
The security certifications team are responsible for achieving and maintaining various industry standard certifications that enable Ubuntu and the other Canonical products to be deployed and used in some of the most demanding environments. This work involves understanding and preempting the market needs, as well as driving the overall industry future of open source security certifications.
As an engineering manager at Canonical your primary responsibility is to the people you support: ensuring that they are growing as engineers, doing valuable work, and generally having a great time at Canonical. As a lead for strong engineers, technical leadership and a solid background in software security is a must, so that youre able to challenge and grow your team members. You will have the opportunity to influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution.
Location: This is a Globally remote role
Day-to-day responsibilities

Build and lead a globally distributed team of engineers through hiring, coaching, mentoring, feedback and hands-on career development
Plan, prioritize and track progress towards multiple certification achievements.
Provide technical thought leadership for your team and others around Canonical 
Advocate and advance modern, agile software development practices
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with the company values

What we are looking for

Strong software engineering skills - design, document, plan, execute
Demonstrated experience in managing or leading software engineering teams
Demonstrated ability to deliver certification or compliance for products
Experience with cryptographic modules
Experience with one or more of the following:

FIPS 140-3
CIS
DISA-STIG
Common Criteria
Compliance-as-Code

WIllingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis 
and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 