This is a highly unusual opportunity to work on a new open-source developer experience tool. We are rethinking typical developer workflows, trying to preserve what people love about traditional Linux while enabling people to work better in immutable distro environments, as well as with remote cloud resources. Youll join to work on a product that is deeply and securely integrated with Ubuntu desktop, modern IDEs, and SDKs from publishers like NVIDIA, Intel, AMD and others. Our ultimate goal is to free developers from the hours of tedious environment setup across multiple industry domains such as Robotics, MLOps, IoT. Come help us to make Ubuntu the greatest platform for software engineers!
The role implies a deep interest in crafting tools for software engineers. It requires taste in experience design, and will benefit from experience with professional Linux based software development, Linux system-level fundamentals and containers. As a team, we value intellectual honesty in decision-making, peer reviews, and writing clear and maintainable code. While we are building a full team including senior, junior and entry-level roles, the senior roles require a strong understanding of containers and the kernel semantics and capabilities that underpin them.
Location: This team is based in the APAC region, these remote roles can be filled from anywhere in APAC time zones.
What your day will look like

Design the user experience of new capabilities in the tool
Write high-quality code to create new features
Obsess with correctness and robustness of your work for diverse use cases
Go the extra mile in making sure the software you create addresses a well-defined problem
Think carefully through implementation strategy from the perspective of performance, quality and security
Work with teams both inside and outside of Canonical

What we are looking for in you

You have professional software development experience using Go, Python, C, or C
You know Linux system-level fundamentals, e.g. cgroups, namespaces
You are curious, thoughtful, articulate, and accountable

Additional, non-essential skills we value

Experience with LXCLXD
Experience with AIML andor CUDAOpenVINO
Knowledge of system and language package managers internals

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 