The role of a Linux Curriculum Developer at Canonical
For todays developers and system administrators, Ubuntu is the centrepiece of their valuable professional skills from cloud to containers, from edge to IoT, and in data science and AI. We are building a program to help technical professionals test, certify and showcase their open source abilities. This will be the Canonical Ubuntu version of RHCE, Cisco CNE and similar certifications. Join a fast-paced, global, fully remote team and help set the trajectory of our expanding technical certifications, credentials and future training programmes. This position requires the ability to balance the rigorous methodology of instructional design with the technical experience of an engineer to help create engaging technical curriculum and assessment content.
As a Curriculum Developer on the Credentials  Curriculum team, youll use your skills as a quick learner and effective communicator to balance an interest in open source communities, operating systems, DevOps and cloud technologies, scripting languages, and git repositories, with a passion for improving assessment and instructional content through  blueprinting, JTA surveys, and SME recruitment and management phases.
This role reports to the Skills Certification Lead.
Location: This role can be held anywhere in the EMEA or Americas time zones  regions.
What your day will look like

Working with stakeholders and cross-teams in analysing instructional design requests to determine technical resource requirements and project needs
Creating relevant, engaging, accurate instructional, assessment, and supporting content based on blueprints, JTA surveys, item writing panels, SME guidance, and industry best practices
Act as internal Subject-Matter Expert (SME) for Linux and data centre products, verifying items and instruction accuracy 
Determine exam delivery platform specifications required per exam
Working with technical vendors and internal teams to manage porting and transferring of content and user data in various internal and vendor-based systems, including GitHub repositories and JIRA

What we are looking for in you

An expert in Linux, preferrably Ubuntu or Debian.
Effective communication and collaboration across cross-functional teams, vendors, and with internal stakeholders to ensure resources and needs align
Relevant, engaging and accurate instructional design and assessment
Industry best practices of exam blueprinting and job task analysis
Strong initiative and leadership skills, Agile experience, and security and privacy assessment
User-friendly, accessible methods of conveying highly technical information that is relevant, appropriately challenging, and offers the highest quality user experience.
Experience with GitHub repositories,CRMs, and JIRA
Curiosity and the drive to learn highly complex technologies rapidly and autonomously in addition to working with SMEs.

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

An opportunity to shape the open source community
An inclusive work environment
Learning and development
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Priority Pass for travel

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote
LI-ET1
 