Canonical is a remote-first global company that publishes Ubuntu and open-source enterprise solutions for cloud, developer, IoT and AI. Ubuntu is the fastest growing Linux distribution and ranks as the number 1 OS  in the cloud.
In partnership with Google, Amazon, IBM and Microsoft, Canonical helps companies become more agile, productive and adopt new technologies faster. Examples of customer success include  AI, Blockchain, IoT, Advanced Robotics and self-driving cars, where Ubuntu is the preferred development platform.
The role of a Sales Development Representative at Canonical
Canonical is profitable and growing. We consider our sales development organization to be the best technology sales academy in the market, and as such, we select exceptional and ambitious candidates to join our team. You will enjoy this role if you are organized, persistent, charismatic, and hard-working. You will need to be interested in tech and its business implications. In this role, you will collaborate with a regional sales and marketing team, and your primary objective is to find customer projects that fit our product lines and spread the good name of Canonical across multiple different industries and geographies.
Click HERE  to watch our SDR team discuss their role in Canonical
What your day will look like

Handle inbound customer inquiries across email, phone and chat
Execute outbound sales  marketing campaigns
Travel to events and conferences worldwide, presenting on booths and driving face-to-face marketing and sales opportunities
Collaborate across multiple teams and senior stakeholders to drive results 
Work directly with marketing on campaigns
Research information about prospective customers
Generate a multi-million pound pipeline
Identify prospects and market trends
Help define the processes and policies for the team
Liaise with new and existing customers, setting up and attending meetings whilst actively mapping accounts to identify new opportunities
Accurately create, update, maintain and nurture leads on global opportunities

What we are looking for in you

Excellent academic results at school and university
Passion for business and technology
Commitment to continuous learning and improvement - curious, flexible, scientific
Creative problem solving and cross team collaboration
Verbal and written communication skills
Result driven with an over-achiever spirit
Persistence  perseverance

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
 
LI-remote 