Canonical, the publisher of Ubuntu, is a remote-first global software company at the forefront of Cloud and IoT. Our products help companies transform their digital operations from cloud to edge.
This management role is to lead a regionally-focused (APAC) team of consulting engineers, who help customers with device design and delivery.
Our Internet of Things mission is to enable companies to make fleets of very secure connected devices. Canonical provides the base Ubuntu OS and kernel, with secure update and management mechanisms. Our customers create mission-critical control systems, gateways and appliances that need to meet stringent quality and security requirements, and we aspire to bring this level of security to the wider consumer electronics and device market.
Our Consulting Engineers do what is right for the client. They are accomplished technologists that take a hands-on approach to embedded Linux strategy and delivery. They have a passion to help customers achieve ambitious technical and business goals, and to show how the Canonical approach to open source and connected devices brings best-of-breed thinking to the emerging field of edge compute. They also care to develop their colleagues, helping them deepen their understanding of the technology, their ability to manage time, and their awareness of customer business thinking for continuous improvement and personal development.
This career opportunity requires a unique blend of skills. Successful candidates will know Linux well and be proficient coders and scripters. They will have experience of low-level Linux boot, BIOS, firmware and embedded software development methodologies. They also enjoy the pace of change and diversity of client engagements with driven and ambitious technology entrepreneurs. Competitive, business-focused technologists at heart, they are also dedicated team players that take pride in team and company wins.
Here are some of the things we are looking for:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related technical field
Extensive embedded Linux experience - Yocto or other
Extensive Linux experience - Debian or Ubuntu preferred
Fluency in at least one of Golang, Python, C, C, or Rust
Readiness to manage a small team
Experience with customer engagements
Professional written and spoken English
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Result-oriented ability to multi-task
A personal drive to meet commitments
An ability to communicate the business benefits of technology
An humble learner and quick study

Other desirable traits include RTOS experience, additional languages (both the programming and human kinds), and previous experience working in a remote-first, diverse, distributed company.
What Canonical offers is more than just a job. It is a career opportunity to leave your mark on the world. We provide a stimulating work environment where you will learn a lot, and a culture that encourages innovation. We also offer a competitive compensation package, generous benefits and perks, including the ability to work from anywhere in your team time zones.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
stack
LI-Remote