
Note - This role is office-based in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Candidates must be based there or have the ability to relocate (we offer VISA sponsorship). 
Combine your Linux support and software engineering skills, passion for technology, and your general knowledge of the full stack, from hardware to application, networking, Linux and open source, to help customers get the most from their solution from Canonical. Our team provides exceptional technical support and engineering solutions to help customers with everything open source from Ubuntu Server and Desktop to OpenStack and Kubernetes.
This is an exceptional opportunity for an open source technologist who enjoys solving problems under pressure. 
What your day will look like

Apply your knowledge of Linux virtualisation using LibvirtKVM, containers and Kubernetes along with your knowledge of TCPIP networking to support customised solutions for our customers. 
Be the technical authority and demonstrate your experience with popular open source software such as PostgreSQL, CorosyncPacemaker, MongoDB, MySQL and Apache. 
Provide advice on deployed architecture, implementing solutions for complex problems and guiding customers to successful data-center infrastructure operations
Communicate regularly with the customer team about ongoing issues

What we are looking for in you

BABS degree in Computer Science or related technical field
Open source development or scripting experience
Professional experience with OpenStack is a must
Professional experience with Kubernetes andor Ceph
Must be able to speak English fluently
Excellent communication skills and extensive experience in customer-facing positions
High motivation, ability to multi-task and follow-up reliably on commitments
Experience with or willingness to learn new technologies, including LXD, Snaps, MAAS, Juju and Ubuntu
Ability to travel

If you have a passion for the latest open source technologies, technical support, cloud-native development, data-center technologies such as OpenStack, Kubernetes and networking, you will love the Senior Support  Software Engineer role at Canonical. 
What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner

Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.