We are hiring a Golang software engineer to work on the low level Go codebase sitting between our REST API and the low level C libraries used to manage containers and virtual machines. We are looking for system-level developers with experience in design and data managementmodeling.
The LXD team is responsible for the design, development and evolution of LXD, a modern system container and virtual machine manager that is widely used on Ubuntu, ChromeOS and other Linux platforms. LXD components span the entire software stack from low-level kernel features to the upper level management REST API and CLI.
This is an opportunity for someone who wants to have a meaningful impact on modern cloud computing technologies. Canonical offers a fun, fast-paced team environment and a career full of learning and development.
What you will do

Design, implement and document system level Go code
Model data, design database schemas and implement data storage in a dqlite (SQL) database
Maintain code quality through static analysis, unit and system tests
Collaborate proactively with a distributed team
Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions
Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeksyear for internal and external events

Who you are

You have experience programming in Go and C
You are knowledgeable in networking and storage technologies
You have experience with two or more of: cloud computing, virtualisation, containers, distributed systems, open source community
You are curious, flexible, articulate and accountable
You value soft skills and are enterprising, thoughtful and self-motivated
You have a bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree

Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote Stack