The role of a Channel Sales Manager at Canonical
We are seeking multiple Channel Sales professionals with various levels of experience, including roles that focus on Distributors, DMRs, LVARs, Public Sector andor Latin America.
Canonical is the publisher of Ubuntu, the worlds leading operating system for container, cloud and hyperscale computing. Ubuntu is the operating system of choice for most public cloud linux workloads as well as the emerging categories of smart gateways, self-driving cars and advanced robots. Canonical provides enterprise security, support, and services to commercial users of Ubuntu. Canonical is growing its Channel Sales team to capitalize on rapidly growing demand from channel partners, leveraging their expertise and connections to bring open source technology to organizations across a multitude of industries. 
At Canonical, the Channel Sales Manager role reports to the Director, Global Channel Sales and requires a mix of both farming and hunting capabilities. The successful candidate will be responsible for achieving assigned annual growth quotas. They should be able to identify, prospect, and engage reseller and distributor partners  to build and maintain relationships and grow Canonicals business within the assigned territory. The successful candidate must be comfortable owning and leading initiatives in an unstructured, startup-like environment.  This individual must be able to sell open source, cloud, virtualization, and technical software solutions. Although the role is focused primarily on reseller and distributor channel partners, the successful candidate must be capable of and comfortable with initial customer discovery calls and presentations as appropriate.  
Location: This role will be based remotely in the Americas region
What your day will look like

Develop and execute channel strategy for distributors and resellers within the assigned territory
Increase awareness of Canonical as a lead player in Open Source and Cloud (Private, Hybrid, Multi, and Public models) 
Identify and recruit new potential partners in assigned territory
Leverage personal network and prospecting skills to engage new partners and build on Canonicals already-successful relationships
Guide partners through onboarding and enablement 
Develop mutually beneficial go-to-market plans and commitments with partners
Arrange and execute sales and pre sales trainings to these resellers
Drive and manage channel pipeline through recurring partner interactions
Support partners satisfaction and act as trusted advisor and point of contact
Maintain a regularityfrequency of contact with priority resellers and distributors.  

What we are looking for in you

Experience in software or technology sales from the specified market
Fluency in English
An understanding of open source, Linux and Ubuntu
A self starter with a proven track record of achieving sales targets
Detail oriented with strong follow-up skills
Effective negotiating skills with ability to close sales
Excellent interpersonal and presentation skills (written and verbal)
Productive in a globally distributed team through self-discipline and self-motivation
Mature approach to long-term relationship development with customers
The ability to represent the company at external events
Start-up experience would be an advantage

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits below, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 