This is a general track for security-focused engineering in every team at Canonical, across all levels of seniority. Apply here if you are already an exceptional security-focused software engineer.
Most product engineering teams at Canonical include one or two spaces for dedicated security-oriented software engineers. Their role is to challenge the entire team to think more deeply about security. They contribute to the product as engineers too, but their primary focus is to improve security through state of the art practices - from table-top threat model exercises to architecture reviews, from extended security testing with fuzzers and static analysis tools to external security analyst liaison.
We also build a number of products that are entirely motivated by security technology and requirements, such as our AppArmor kernel investments and our hardening, compliance and certification toolkits for Ubuntu.
As the publisher of Ubuntu we also handle long-term security response and hardening for the entire operating system and open source universe. Working with tens of thousands of upstreams means that we need to be fluent in every major programming language, and design, build and adopt sophisticated tools that enable us to work at scale and speed with confidence.
These roles encompass all aspects of product security, including feature development, vulnerability response, proactive security and open source community participation. All security roles interact closely with many of the other Canonical engineering and development teams, Canonical customers and our partners across the open source community.
Location: We have open roles for security specialist software engineers in every timezone.
What youll do
Security roles might tackle any of the following:

Define, implement and document new security features 
Lead security-oriented thinking in a product engineering team
Analyze, fix, and test vulnerabilities in Canonical and open source Software
Contribute to Ubuntu and upstream projects to benefit the community 
Audit and analyze source code for vulnerabilities 
Integrate new tools in our security infrastructure, pipelines and processes
Achieve and retain various security certifications 
Extend and enhance Linux cryptographic components - specifically with modules such as OpenSSLLibgcrypt - with the features and functionality required for country-specific compliance such as FIPS and CC certification 
Work with external partners to develop CIS benchmarks
Design and develop hardening automation for Ubuntu 
Monitor the security industry for new developments 
Develop, test and maintain new software capabilities  
Provide guidance and support to other engineering teams

What we are looking for in you

An exceptional academic track record from both high school and university
Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or STEM, or a compelling narrative about your alternative path
Drive and a track record of going above-and-beyond expectations
A thorough understanding of the common categories of security vulnerabilities
Modern engineering techniques to find and fix them 
Familiarity with open source development tools and methodologies 
Skill in one or more of C, Python, Go, Rust, Java, Ruby or PHP
Experience as a security champion
Experience driving security within a wider SDLC process 
Professional written and spoken English 
Experience with Linux (Debian or Ubuntu preferred) 
Excellent interpersonal skills, curiosity, flexibility, and accountability 
Passion, thoughtfulness, and self-motivation 
Excellent communication and presentation skills 
Result-oriented, with a personal drive to meet commitments 
Ability to travel twice a year, for company events up to two weeks each

Optional skills we also value

Clear and effective communication with the team and Ubuntu community members 
Experience working with Linux Kernel 
Security Certification experience and knowledge in FIPS andor CC 
Experience with OVAL (Open Vulnerability Assessment Language) 
Knowledge of and familiarity with low-level Linux cryptography APIs 
Demonstrated high learning ability
Performance engineering experience 

What we offer you
We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.

Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person
Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Maternity and paternity leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues
Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote
