The role of a Manager, Ubuntu Enablement Project Management at Canonical
We are looking for project managers with an aptitude and interest in team leadership and management. Run a team of project management professionals, who track and drive delivery of Ubuntu on a wide range of hardware for customer projects. Customers range from silicon customers like Intel, Nvidia, Mediatek and Qualcomm, to PC brands such as Dell or HP and ASUS, or IoT manufacturers such as ADlink or Advantech. Canonical Ubuntu is the worlds leading open-source platform for cloud, IoT devices, and developers.
In this role you will manage a regional team of project managers leading multiple engineering teams to enable stable, secure Ubuntu images optimized and certified for new hardware. Projects include robots, edge gateways, and development boards as well as traditional PC and IoT devices.
We look for customer-facing team players to drive projects and navigate complex engineering constraints. As a manager of the Ubuntu enablement project management team, you will provide active leadership across all aspects of software and hardware enablement, build and maintain working relationships with team members, customers, partnersvendors (Silicon vendors, ODMs, IHVs), and other Canonical departmentsteams.
Location: This is a globally remote role.
What your day will look like

Lead a diverse and distributed team of project managers including performance management and mentoring
Contribute to the success of our sales team in winning new opportunities
Promote industry-recognized, best-in-class project management practices
Lead the evaluation of project management tools, systems, and processes
Drive resource capacity planning for the team, identifying gaps and actively looking for solutions to ensure efficient and effective team allocation utilization
Drive continuous improvement and implementation of best practices
Establish KPIs for project status reporting across Canonical
Collaborate with cross-team leads to address common challenges across projects
Drive execution excellence through continuous feedback and improvement
Review customer feedback and participate in customer meetings
Develop your project management team through coaching, mentoring, and training
Serve as the first customer escalation point on critical projects
Act as a trusted adviser to company leadership, collaborating with stakeholders to enable customer success

What we are looking for in you

Experience leading diverse, remote project teams in a technology company
Experience with cross-cultural and multi-continent projects
Experience hiring, managing teams, and developing skills
Strong software engineering project management experience
Strong delivery of commercial technology projects to device manufacturers
Adept at making things happen while successfully managing risks
Experience building collaborative internal and external partnerships
Solid commercial skills; experience in dealing with SoW creation 
Effective negotiator, comfortable in a customer-facing pre-sales role for complex projects
Able to travel 4-6 weeks a year, up to two weeks at a time, sometimes internationally
Flexibility to work non-standard hours when required, in support of a worldwide sales and project teams
PMPPMI or PRINCE2 practitioner certification

Additional skills that you might also bring

Experience with the enablement of hardware and devices under Linux and delivery of commercial software technology projects to device manufacturers
Knowledge of Linux and the wider the Open Source Software community
Knowledge of Agile project management methodologies is an advantage
Familiarity with a wide range of technology such as embedded deviceIoT software development
Ideally a Masters degree, MBA, or similar qualification
Practical experience in automotive, including functional safety, embedded systems, and related software trends
Automotive industry standards experience (ISOIEC 27001, TISAX, ASPICE, etc.)

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote