We are on a mission to transform the world of software operations, using Python for next-generation infrastructure-as-code and pioneering model-driven operations, to enable companies to run very efficient bare metal operations for high performance computing, private cloud, data lakes and analytics. We need to invent some new technology, and we need to build some new products, and we are looking to hire a leader in that initiative to run a regional software engineering and devops team.
This team is part of our fully managed infrastructure operations organisation. We run many private clouds and Kubernetes clusters for customers around the world, which enables us to improve our infra-as-code products based on our own real experience, mirroring that of our users and customers. We work in Python, creating open source operations capabilities that simplify these operations for anybody, worldwide, who is building on Ubuntu.
This team is a true devops team - one of our global monitoring and network operations centers - but most of the work involved is pure Python software development, where we expect a focus on quality, design, documentation, tests and performance. The team will be responsible for remote monitoring of infrastructure, using open source products, and improvements to that monitoring capability. The team will also enhance operations code packages, and Ubuntu itself, to ensure our platform is the easiest, most robust, and best performing way to drive your data center.
As the Engineering Team Leader for the DevOps Centre, your primary responsibility is to the people you lead and support: ensuring that they are growing as engineers, doing valuable work, and finding satisfaction in their career at Canonical. As a lead for software engineers, technical leadership and a solid background in software development is a must, so that youre able to challenge and grow your team members. You will have the opportunity to influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on direction and execution.
What youll do

Lead and develop a team of up-and-coming, junior-level engineers working remotely in global locations
Hiring, coaching, mentoring, feedback and hands-on career development
Demonstrate sound engineering principles by directly contributing code yourself
Plan and manage progress on agreed goals and projects
Set and manage expectations with other engineering and operational teams
Coordinate with management and external stakeholders or customers
Advocate modern, agile software development practices
Help develop and evangelize great engineering and organizational practices
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with the company values
Be an active part of the leadership team and collaborate with other leaders in the organisation
Global travel up to 10 of time for internal and external events

Who you are

University degree in Computer Science or related software engineering field
Advanced level Python programming skills
You love developing and growing people and can demonstrate a track record of doing it
You are knowledgeable and passionate about software development 
You have experience in leading, coaching and mentoring software developers
You are organized and want your team to deliver timely, high quality software
You have solid experience working in an agile development environment
You have a thorough understanding of modern infrastructure, including OpenStack or Kubernetes
You have a demonstrated drive for continual learning
You have experience of operations as well as software development
You have sound knowledge of cloud computing concepts  technologies
You have practical knowledge of Linux and networking
You have hands-on experience with software automation
You are fluent and comfortable in cloud terminology

About Canonical
Canonical is a growing, international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu -- the worlds 1 cloud operating system. Our mission is to realize the potential of free software in the lives of individuals and organisations. Our services help businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We offer:

100 work-from-home
Learning and development
Competitive salary
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Priority Pass for travel

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote
 