The role of a Social Media Marketing Specialist at Canonical
Were on the look out for a brilliant Social Media Marketing Specialist to join our team and take our communications to the next level. Our social media provides a window between the people who make our products and those who use them. With audiences in the millions, our online communities have the opportunity to talk to us, engage with us, provide feedback and be involved in the world of Ubuntu. From opensource to coffee on K8s, launch previews to twitter storms over some cool release swag, our marketing team is committed to creating conversations with audiences all over planet earth: developers, tech enthusiasts, security engineers...
The ideal candidate is passionate about technology, technology marketing and the use of technology in marketing. They prefer to work in an environment that emphasises ownership of campaigns, collaboration, learning, curiosity and a drive to continually improve oneself  the team  the organisation. They love to problem solve, get hands-on, experiment, measure and use automation to make daily life easier. 
This role sits in the communications team reporting to the director of communications.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.
What your day will look like

Create, schedule and publish content and campaigns across multiple social media channels
Deliver regular analysis and reporting on social media metrics, content performance and campaigns results
Support the growth and nurturing of Canonicals social media audiences, while increasing engagement rates and valuable actions
Develop flair with copywriting  and asset creation to create messaging that aligns with the brand and its personality, and drives audiences towards action
Be responsible for executing AB and multivariate growth tests
Be audience centric, focusing on platform and community moderation, as well as direct audience engagement
Create awareness on integrated campaigns, product launches, webinar series, industry announcements and core content.
Package all of Canonicals product offerings and educational material creatively, from bare metal, AI, Kubernetes to chats on diversity and CSR.

What we are looking for in you

Experience managing social media platforms for tech brands, part of a content team or marketing agency
Hands-on knowledge of social media management tools, an understanding of web analytics tools (social and web)
Proficiency with at least four social media platforms including LinkedIn, YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and Reddit
An analytical eye and a good sense for the type of content that performs best depending on platform and objective
Experience with educational content funnels, and using video as a core social media marketing asset
Exceptional interpersonal skills and aptitude for forging trusting relationships across diverse, cross-functional teams
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong content marketer
Proven ability to prioritise and differentiate what matters from the noise, meeting deadlines without sacrificing quality
Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 