Canonical is growing rapidly. To support this growth, we are expanding our SDR teams globally. With this expansion, we are recruiting leaders to run new outbound sales development teams. We consider our sales development organization to be the best technology sales academy in the market, and as such, we are looking for exceptional and ambitious candidates.
You will enjoy this role if you are organized, persistent, charismatic, analytical, and hard-working. You are determined to grow your own skills as well as your teams and enjoy learning about new technologies. You experiment with new outbound approaches and adapt to changes in the market. You seek collaboration with other teams to plan successful go-to-market strategies. Your primary objective is to manage and mentor a successful team of 2-10 BDRs and maintain a multi-million dollar pipeline.
We value:

Excellent academic results at school and university
Bachelors or equivalent degree in Business or STEM
Knowledge and passion for business development, sales and technology
Track record of bringing exceptional outbound sales development results
Commitment to continuous learning and improvement - curious, flexible, scientific
Creative problem solving and cross team collaboration
Experience growing and coaching an SDR team
Hands on approach to using data to drive team activities and continuous improvement

Over the last few years, this team has trained dozens of talented tech sales professionals, now working at Canonical and across the industry. Meet some of the SDRs in one of the best tech sales academies.
What Canonical offers:

Competitive package: base  variable
Well known and respected brand name
Personal learning and development budget 
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Priority Pass for travel

Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote
 