Ubuntu is the most widely used Linux distribution in the world, and a strong factor in its broad adoption is the security and reliability the Ubuntu Linux kernels provide for their users.  Canonical, the company behind the Ubuntu Linux distribution, has an enduring commitment to not only high quality standards for a distribution upon release, but also to provide ongoing security and maintenance updates for its users for up to 10 years for the Long Term Support (LTS) releases.
The Canonical Linux Kernel Team is looking for individuals with a strong sense of determination to provide ongoing support and security updates for the Ubuntu Linux kernels.  These tasks can range anywhere from diagnosing and resolving kernel issues reported by end users to assessing the latest CVE security exploit notifications for impact and integrating a resolution.  Overall, you will be personally responsible for the continual delivery of updates for many of the variations of version, flavor, and architecture of Linux kernel Ubuntu provides.
What your day will look like

Collaborate regularly and proactively with a globally distributed team 
Respond quickly to assess and mitigate security exploits in the Ubuntu Linux kernel
Hone your kernel debugging techniques by diagnosing and resolving issues in the kernel reported by customers and the community
Master the art of Debian and Snap packaging for Linux kernels
Take personal pride in being directly responsible for the integration, packaging, and rigorous testing to deliver updates to millions of consumers worldwide
Contribute to the improvement of tooling and automation for the delivery and test of Ubuntu Linux kernels
Discover new means to ensure even greater Ubuntu reliability by adding and improving kernel test coverage and delivery process improvements
Utilizing a strong understand of git workflows, submit, review, and apply kernel patches, working with both internal and external upstream maintainers

What we are looking for in you

Well-organized, self-starting and able to deliver to fixed schedules
Strong commitment to quality processes and documentation standards
Demonstrated ability to present oneself in a professional manner when interacting with colleagues, business partners, and the open source community
Ability to communicate effectively in English, both written and oral
Significant programming experience in C
Solid background with git
Demonstrated experience with operating system kernel patching and debugging

Additional skills that you might also bring

Significant Python and Bash scripting ability
Broad knowledge of the Linux kernel and kernel subsystems
Knowledgeexperience with Linux kernel upstream processes and release cycle
Prior experience with UbuntuDebianSnap packaging
Strong grasp of device drivers, BSPs, and other low level system engineering
Contributed to or even maintained an open source project in the past or present
Understanding of CVE classification

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 