We have created a new senior leadership role, Head of Global System Integrator (GSI) Alliances, to lead our business development and partnership with these important actors in the global technology sector. As the publisher of Ubuntu and the leading provider of open source to major technology firms globally, we are expanding into the enterprise market where GSIs provide significant operational and tactical capacity. We have had good success with GSIs that are delivering next-generation private cloud, container, and public cloud solutions built with Canonical Ubuntu, and are looking to expand our investment in these alliances.
Reporting to the VP Global Alliances and Channels, the Global Head of GSI Alliances will lead a team of representatives and develop that strategic go-to-market strength for Canonical. You will work closely with GSI partners throughout their sales cycles and across their sales organizations to make Canonical their trusted partner to deliver opensource solutions at scale for their enterprise customers. In this role you will be responsible for ensuring that our solutions are used or embedded at the core of GSI digital transformation platforms.
Our GSI team builds trusted relationships with partners at executive level, increases Canonical market share and attach rate, evangelizes the partnership and leads all business interactions from engineers to CxO level. The Global Head of GSI Alliances will own the strategy, sell-to, sell-through and sell-with motions with all GSI partners, as well as promotion of our GSI related activities - from campaigns, to strategic opportunities and GSI related events (including Canonical s yearly GSI executive summit).
Our company largely works from home, this role can be based in the Americas or EMEA.
The role of the Global Head of GSI Alliances at Canonical:
As the Global Head of GSI Alliances you will:

Own and drive GSI partner strategy, forecast, bookings and revenues for Canonical
Lead and evolve a team towards accelerated revenue growth with GSI
Build strategic relationships with partners at executive levels
Guide our offering from product management, to product marketing, and scale it through the support of our global sales organization

What we are looking for in you:
The successful GSI Alliance Sales Director will have :

Experience in alliance and indirect sales management roles
Experience in the GSI sector
Deep commercial experience encompassing revenue and margins
Proven leadership and presentation skills
Insight into open source, Ubuntu and Canonicals competition and opportunities
Track record of data-driven decision-making
An autonomous, disciplined, hands-on, get-it-done mentality

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Remote work with regular team-wide in-person sprints - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 