In this high-profile position, customer relationship management and advocacy for Canonicals technical assets are crucial.   
This role is an opportunity for a technologist with a passion for Linux and Project Management to build a career with Canonical.   If you have an affinity for software, great communication skills, and a passion for technology, then you will enjoy working with some of the best people in the industry at Canonical.
Public Cloud Project Managers provide account leadership and insight for Canonicals key Tier 1 Enterprise Public Cloud accounts. This role will collaborate with individuals from Software Engineering through Senior Level Executives.  
As a Public Cloud Project Manager, you will manage multiple blue chip company projects simultaneously. Working with all stakeholders, you will shape the SoW or similar agreements with our clients, manage projects through their life-cycles, ensuring the overall goals for both Canonical and the client are met. 
Periodic international travel is required. Travel amount and duration will vary based on company and program requirements. 
Public Cloud Project Manager key responsibilities:

Ensure programs and projects are delivered within the schedule, scope, cost, budget and resources expectations
Identify key technical and project risks and issues and actively put mitigating actions in place 
Maintain strong customer focus and work with all key stakeholders to achieve successful outcomes
Assist senior management with contract negotiations and development of a project statement of work and RFIRFP response 
Conduct regular status meetings and business reviews with customers and provide direction when needed
Manage the delivery schedule of critical third party deliverables for the project
Identify and manage cross organization engineering requests that are not part of existing business contracts.
Advocate to customers the appropriate technologies from Canonicals portfolio 

Required skills to be a successful Public Cloud Project Managers:

Proven background in IT Cloud industry as a software development project manager, IT programproject manager, agile software manager or scrum master
Deep understanding of Linux, Open source, and the Public Cloud space 
Software engineering experience 
Ability and willingness to travel domestically and internationally 
Strong negotiation and influencing skills 
Bachelors Degree in a STEM discipline
Strong communication skills

Nice to have skills:

PMI or equivalent certification preferred e.g., Scrum Master
Full lifecycle project management experience 
Delivering global projects remotely 

About Canonical
Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu. Canonical is a unique tech company - global, remote-first, open source, with 900 professionals across 60 countries. We want to be the worlds best, not biggest, global software company. With almost every team remote by default, Canonical sets the pace on the 21st-century digital workplace.
What Canonical offers:

Work from home
Personal learning and development budget 
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Paid maternity, paternity and sick leave
Priority Pass for travel
Exposure to international business and technology

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote 