The role of a Salesforce Engineering Manager, Commercial Systems at Canonical
This engineering management role is an opportunity for a technologist with a passion for Linux and Ubuntu to build a career with Canonical and drive the success of the business. If you have an affinity for open source development, then you will enjoy working with some of the best people in the industry at Canonical.
The Commercial Systems unit has several areas of responsibility spread across six engineering teams, closely collaborating with other engineering and business teams at Canonical. Services designed, developed, and operated by the Commercial Systems unit are at the heart of Canonical business and Salesforce plays an integral role in it.
The Salesforce team is responsible for the development and configuration of Canonicals Salesforce instance. The teams mission is to deliver first-class experience to the Sales and business operations teams relying on Salesforce, while achieving the highest engineering standards expected of any engineering team at Canonical.
We are looking for an engineering manager with senior-level engineering experience in Salesforce, who strives for the highest engineering quality, seeks improvements, continuously develops their skills, and applies them at work. This is an exciting opportunity to lead a change, leverage the latest Salesforce features and best practices, and put them into practice, while keeping the Salesforce instance lean and maintainable.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.
What your day will look like

Lead a team of engineers delivering solutions leveraging the Salesforce platform
Seek improvements to established processes, designs, and engineering solutions
Collaborate on business analysis and technical designs
Provide Salesforce subject matter expertise to business customers and cross-functional teams
Deliver engineering solutions leveraging the Salesforce platform

What we are looking for in you

Bachelors degree or equivalent in Computer Science or a related engineering field
Experience with Salesforce development and integrations
Experience as a hands-on engineering manager or a team lead
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English
Ability to collaborate remotely with a diverse set of team members and stakeholders, remain highly motivated, productive, and organized in a fully remote environment
Ability to travel to international destinations for one week at a time, approximately 2-4 times per year. Locations prior to the global pandemic included New York, Seattle, London, Cape Town, Budapest, Berlin, Montreal, and Brussels

Additional skills that you might also bring

Experience as a software developer in a high-level language - preferably Go or Python
Experience in a business role such as sales, finance, or operations

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote