The role of a Marketing Operation Specialist at Canonical
Canonical has provided developers with open source since 2004, helping them build innovations such as public cloud, machine learning, robotics or blockchain. Marketing at Canonical means being at the forefront of technology adoption, for our customers and for our own martech stack. Were on the look out for a Marketing Operation Specialist to join our team.
The ideal candidate will be passionate about technology, technology marketing and the use of technology in marketing. You will prefer to work in an environment that has emphasis on ownership of campaigns, collaboration, learning, curiosity and a drive to continually improve oneself  the team  the organisation. You will also love to problem solve, get hands-on, experiment, measure and use automation to make daily life easier.
The Marketing team at Canonical drives commercial outcomes for the company across its portfolio of products and grows the addressable market through digital marketing campaigns, lifecycle management, events, partnerships and community development. If these things are important to you and youre motivated by driving growth, delighting customers and filling the sales funnel, we want to talk with you.
This role sits in the Marketing team reporting to the Growth Engineering Manager.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.
What your day will look like

Support marketing team members with strategic expertise, setting up and monitoring Marketo campaigns and automations
Monitor overall Marketo performance and health
Build on automation and AI to improve lead management
Develop Canonicals martech stack to industry leading standard

What we are looking for in you

Advanced proficiency with Marketo, Mautic, Hubspot or Salesforce Marketing Cloud
Experience in setting up integrations and automations between CRM systems and other platforms
Ability to work with at least two of the following languages: Python, JS, SQL, Velocity
A solid understanding of lead generation data with reporting experience
Experience in data analysis
Exceptional interpersonal skills and aptitude for forging trusting relationships across diverse, cross-functional teams
Proven ability to prioritise and differentiate what matters from the noise, meeting deadlines without sacrificing quality
Growth mindset - someone who is not afraid to think big and take on risks.
Engagement with the latest trends in marketing technology

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000 USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 