The role
Bring your people analytics, social science research and data miningscience skills to a unique team seeking to understand, and shape, the future of the digital workplace.
Lead a team of Software Engineers which form the Workplace Engineering team as a highly performant group that specialises in web architecture and data analytics. Building new tools, dashboards and analytics that empower colleagues, managers and executives to make better decisions and shape the 21st century of a remote, globally distributed and digital workplace.
About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneer in the digital workplace, established in 2004 with a global, remote-first policy that has delivered world-class open source and sets the pace in cloud, developer and IoT technology.
We are dedicated to continually improving to keep Canonical the best at remote work. Its part of our enjoyment of our mission - both to deliver the worlds best free software, and to push the boundaries of 21st-century work and collaboration.
Our goal is to improve the state of the art even further in key business processes for a distributed team: hiring, collaboration, communication, learning, documentation, development, and open source development. We want to understand our distributed teams as well as we could understand co-located teams. We want to help them work better, be happier, and make better decisions.
What you will do:

Being an inspiration and a leader towards ensuring your team delivers on projects
Design the architecture and deliver web-based systems and SAAS
Provide new insights into the Canonical workplace experience
Enable new processes and improve existing workflows
Collaborate proactively with a distributed team
Write high-quality code to create new features
Consistently provide high-quality code reviews to other engineers
Estimate work, set goals and meet them
Write project specifications, and epics and understand the risks
Understand completion criteria and push work to completion
Coaching, mentoring and providing feedback to more junior members of the team, while always developing yourself
Connect to many data sources and provide insightful visualisations
Database design and architecture for connected systems

Who you are

You are knowledgeable and passionate about web and software development
You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
You try to learn and use web best practices in your work
You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
You have solid experience working in an agile development environment
You drive work to completion
You take operational considerations (CI, updating, monitoring, observability, life-cycle management) into account
You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
Love what you do.

The ideal candidate will use their passion for experimentation and analytics to build tomorrows tech organisation. This team will help us gain insights into the business and our talent pool, and use those insights to improve the experience of working at Canonical.
As an Engineering Manager at Canonical, your primary responsibility is to the people you support: ensuring that they are growing as software engineers, doing valuable work, and generally having a great time at Canonical. As a lead for strong engineers, technical leadership and a solid background in web development is a must, so that youre able to challenge and grow your team members. You will have the opportunity to influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution.
We offer

Remote first: 100 remote working with the opportunity to travel to Sprints. We meet a couple of times a year in interesting places all around the world to come together to collaborate. These Sprints see circa 300 people come together. This year we have travelled to Frankfurt, Copenhagen, Montreal and Prague!


Personal development: Annual budget allowance and time to focus on areas you want to improve.


Compensation: eligibility for annual pay review including bonuses.
Recognition: The ability to possibly be rewarded and recognised by others for the work you do.
Travel: Priority Pass for lounge access when flying to sprints. International SOS membership to support you whilst travelling.

 
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote