This is an exciting opportunity for a software engineer passionate about open source software, Linux, containers, virtualization and Ubuntu Server. Come build a rewarding, meaningful career working with the best and brightest people in technology at Canonical, a growing international software company.
Ubuntu Server is a platform that enables amazing technology the whole world over. Applicants to this role will have the opportunity to bolster the Ubuntu Server as a platform for containers and virtual machines. They will get to work with our experienced team and have the benefits of learning and growing alongside the best engineers in the business.
What youll do

Collaborate proactively with a distributed team
Write high quality code to create new features
Debug issues and produce high quality code to fix them
Review code produced by other engineers
Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions
Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events
Become involved in the planning of new Ubuntu features, both new ideas in your areas of interest and advising on work being done elsewhere
Assist in the maintenance of Ubuntu Server packages. Specifically but not limited to:

Virtualisation (qemu, kvm, libvirt, )
Containers (runc, containerd, docker, )


Collaborate with other teams in the Ubuntu and Debian communities, with upstream projects, and commercially supported customers
Collaborate and work with our partners to make Ubuntu the best experience in the cloud

Who you are

You love technology and working with brilliant people
You have interest and experience with Container runtimes or Hipervisor software stacks (or both)
You have interest and experience in packaging (Already knowing .deb or snap packaging is a plus)
You are curious, articulate, and accountable
You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
Involvement in open source projects or maintaining or participating distributed software in the past a plus
Bonus: if you are familiar with an hypervisor ecosystem using rust-vmm or even better being part of such a community.

 
Canonical is proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We truly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better platform for our users and customers. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of the world of Ubuntu.
 
