The role of a Customer Success Manager at Canonical
Customer success is a new and strategic department at Canonical, with a clear objective to reduce risk and churn, facilitate the adoption of new products or services and support expansion within existing accounts. Customer Success Managers (CSM)  are responsible for developing trust with their assigned customers and committing to providing them with the best possible experience navigating Canonicals vast offering. Through a clear understanding of their customers objectives, the CSM can activate a large range of internal and external capabilities to alleviate any pain point, align expectations, as well as help draw and deliver on an appropriate  collaboration roadmap. 
We are growing our Customer Success team to continue to offer thoughtful, smart, precise interactions across all our product portfolio, from Ubuntu to open source infrastructure and applications. In order to provide the  appropriate level of focus for each and every customer, CSMs are specialized in the following segments:  

Mass - SMEs or large businesses starting their journey with Canonical
Focus - Large businesses with established ARR
Step Growth - a selection of high potential customers 

All CSMs are involved in contributing to business support at the company level for all remaining, not-yet-assigned customers (Tech segment), including our Store customers.
Location:  This role will be based remotely in the Americas region or APAC region.
 
What your day will look like

Onboard new customers and introduce them to our products and support processes. Products include: Ubuntu Pro, MAAS, Landscape, Openstack, Ceph, Kubernetes, data applications and many more. 
Elaborate and coordinate complex projects in interaction with developers, IT managers and decision makers from various industries.
Collaborate with Sales, Field Engineering and Support in developing and delivering engagement plans that fulfill the customers objectives.
Manage a portfolio of customers in a specific geographic region and identify growth opportunities or renewal risks in coordination with Sales.  
Experience running a disciplined, weekly customer and business review process with cross-functional teams, identifying and prioritizing blockers, and driving resolution through corporate product and engineering teams
Serve as a customer advocate internally and influence Canonical products roadmaps, Canonical websites, documentation, processes and people to improve customer satisfaction and retention.
Supporting customers through reactive ticket requests.
Create campaigns targeting multiple customers through digital touch-points and activities.

 
What we are looking for in you
The ideal candidate would display impeccable customer facing skills with a passion for cloud and data centre infrastructure technologies. We are also looking for:

Minimum 5 years of work experience with a strong relation to IT and with exposure to projects related to at least one of these topics: Linux OS, data applications, storage, cloud computing, networking, security,  migration, IoT. 
Excellent presentation skills with the ability to guide a conversation about complex softwares.
Experience building and improving internal processes while maintaining timely delivery to customer-related projects.
A true team player capable of interacting with all departments and at all levels both internally and externally.
Knowledge of agile methodologies.

Additional skills that you might also bring

Experience with Salesforce, Jira and CRMs
Fluency in a language other than English

 
What we offer you
We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.

Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Maternity and paternity leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues from your team and others
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

 
About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
 
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
 
LI-remote 