This is an exciting opportunity for a software engineer passionate about open source software, Linux, edge computing, and IoT. Come build a rewarding, meaningful career working with the best and brightest people in technology at Canonical, a growing international software company.
Your role will be to help us provide easy to deploy, secure, and customizable industrial edge solutions. You will work on designing and implementing applications that run on constrained IoT devices to powerful gateways. Embedded systems and Linux will be at the core of your everyday challenges.
In our team we value collaboration, peer reviews, good integrationunit testing and writing maintainable code. General knowledge and experience with Linux as a developer platform is required. 
What youll do

Collaborate proactively with a distributed team
Develop and maintain open source IoT application packages
Debug issues and produce high quality code to fix them
Review code produced by upstream andor other engineers at Canonical
Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions
Experiment with Ubuntu Core and showcase industry-grade IoT solutions
Work on Matter, the connectivity standard unifying smart homes
Contribute to the development of EdgeX Foundry IoT platform
Participate in IoT standardisation working group discussions and planning (Connectivity Standards Alliance, Web of Things, etc)
Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events

Who you are

Proven track record of at least 3 years of professional software development using Go or C.
You have experience working with RESTful APIs, MQTT or other messaging protocols
You are familiar with wireless communication protocols such as WiFi, BLE, Zigbee, Z-Wave, and Thread
You have interest and experience with a few of the following:

Containers (docker, kubernetes)
Linux distributions
Snap, debian, or RPM packaging
Shell scripting
CICD (Github Actions, Gitlab CI, etc)
IoT frameworks and protocols
Real-time applications

You value soft skills, communication and advocacy, and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree

Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote