fThe role of a Sales Director at Canonical
Our flagship product in IoT, Ubuntu Core, is unique. It is Linux reinvented for optimal reliability, security and footprint. Our customers come from a wide variety of industries - Automotive, Customer Electronics, Medical Devices, Industrial Systems, Robotics, Gateways, and so many more - but they all have this in common: they strive to meet stringent quality and security requirements.  
To cope with our rapid expansion, we are looking for a bright, technically savvy Sales Director to join our team. Reporting to the VP of Sales - Devices, the successful candidate will prospect and develop new enterprise accounts for new business andor further develop and grow existing strategic accounts in the defined territory. 
This is a unique hunter sales position and strategic account development role and requires energy, ambition and focus. In order to be successful, you must be comfortable positioning and selling open source, services, and software solutions to all levels of an organization, and specifically to departments that are developing embedded software and IoT devices. You should also be able to do so across multiple industries.
Location: This role will be based remotely in North America
What your day will look like

Build, execute and maintain a territory plan to promote our brand and increase market awareness
Develop new pipeline through outreach, prospecting, local marketing, and industry events
Close contracts to meet and exceed quarterly and annual bookings targets as well as to achieve tactical and strategic objectives
Manage customer relationships and interactions through all stages of the sales cycle
Work with IoT Field Engineers to increase account penetration and ensure customer satisfaction
Maintain accurate data and forecasts within Salesforce
Establish productive professional relationships with key personnel, influencers and decision makers, both externally and internally
Coordinate with colleagues, including support, delivery and management resources

What we are looking for in you

Bachelors level degree, preferably in engineering or computer science
Field experience in enterprise software
Track record of achievement in sales targets and large account wins
Ability to be successful in a globally distributed team through self-discipline and self-motivation
Ability to extend existing relationships with customers
Ability to develop joint strategic sales plans for increased revenue and market share
Detail oriented with effective follow-up
Willingness to travel up to 50

At this point in time, the successful candidate will be located in North America.
Additional skills that you might also bring
Previous experience selling to departments developing software for IoT, Devices andor Embedded Software is strongly preferred.
What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits below, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 