The role of a Revenue Accountant at Canonical:
If you are passionate about the technology industry and want to work for a company that aligns with your interests, we might be the place for you! Canonical, and our world class Ubuntu product, attracts some of the leading talent from around the world. Come and work with exceptional people and advance your career in Finance! 
Our Finance team is growing and its a really exciting time to join the team. We are looking for bright, motivated people who have a passion for making a difference. You will be seeking an opportunity to drive process improvements and change, input your ideas and truly contribute to a highly productive team. 
We are looking for an exceptional Accountant with IFRS experience to help us ready the business for public market scrutiny through our planned IPO.  The right candidate will have domain expertise and a passion for IFRS 15 or ASC 606.  
Location: This role may be office based in London, or Remote in EMEA or Americas Time Zones. 
What your day will look like

Assist in the month end reporting process to deliver timely and accurate information
Have full responsibility for a part of the revenue recognition process relevant to your strengths
Assist with the year end audit process and statutory reporting
Support the finance teams wider plans to prepare for an IPO
Improve the efficiency of financial processes and procedures and monitor compliance
Share knowledge between team members to ensure cover is available when needed
Actively develop your own skills to ensure current knowledge of applicable standards and regulations
Establish strong relationships with key colleagues outside the wider finance team

What we are looking for in you

Exceptional academic track record and subsequent career performance
Bachelors degree in Accounting or equivalent
Qualified accountant (ACCA, ACA, ACMA, CPA, etc.)
IFRS 15ASC 606 revenue recognition experience
Experience at a large public accounting firm, or public multinational corporate accounting department preferred
NetSuite or similar systems experience a plus
Willingness to travel up to four times per year

What we offer you
We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.

Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person
Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Maternity and paternity leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues
Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Working here is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote