This is an engineering management role to lead the reboot of our Landscape systems management solution for Ubuntu.
Ubuntu is growing rapidly in the enterprise, with estates expanding from cloud, to bare metal servers, to vSphere clusters, and of course desktops and devices. Ubuntu is easy to deploy and configure, one node at a time, but its difficult to know where you stand on policy and compliance, patch management, or access control across a large estate. Ubuntu used to be under the radar in the enterprise, but it is now becoming an official platform for many companies. Those enterprises very much want a high quality way to manage their Ubuntu estate.
We started work on Landscape many years ago, and the current generation of the service reflects the choices of the day. We now have the opportunity to invest significantly in a team to bring a fresh new vision for large-scale Ubuntu estate management to the project. That doesnt make this a greenfield opportunity - we have a system that serves thousands of deployments - but we know we want to step back and give it a big new push, letting go of some things that are no longer so important, and embracing a range of new priorities. This role is the critical engineering leadership role for that mission.
Today we use Python, PostgreSQL, RabbitMQ, HAProxy, and have a ReactJS front end. In other web services projects we use more Golang these days. Our next wave of Landscape engineering is an opportunity to raise the bar on SAAS and on-prem solution technologies, architectures, patterns and operations. Our goal is to make it easy for enterprises to own a few Landscape instances that serve their global estate, and to be able to apply policy and know intuitively where they stand - globally - in a very complex world of mixed Ubuntu versions, substrates and flavours.
Engineering managers at Canonical bring both technical and management skills to the leadership of their teams. You will work closely with product managers, and produce an engineering roadmap with ambitious and achievable goals. A successful applicant will be capable of growing a team of engineers, collaborating with other engineering and business teams at Canonical, and providing periodic updates about successes and areas of improvement.
As an engineering manager at Canonical you must be technically strong, but your responsibility is to run an effective team and develop the colleagues you manage. You are expected to help them grow as engineers, do important work, do it outstandingly well, find professional and personal satisfaction, and work well with colleagues and community. Technical leadership experience and a background in software engineering are necessary prerequisites for this role. You will be expected to lead, challenge, and develop strong engineers, positively influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution.
We work in Python and Golang, and expect engineering managers to be fluent in the language, architecture and components that their team uses. Code reviews and architectural leadership are part of the job. As manager, the commitment to healthy engineering practices, documentation, quality and performance optimisation are equally important technical responsibilities, as is the requirement for fair and clear management, and the obligation to ensure a high performing team.
Key responsibilities

Build and lead a team of engineers in your region
Develop talent through coaching, mentoring, feedback, and hands-on career development
Demonstrate sound engineering principles and directly contribute toward your teams goals
Set and manage expectations with other engineering teams, management, and external stakeholders
Lead modern, agile software development practices
Ensure a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with the company values
Be an active part of the leadership team and collaborate with other leaders in the organisation
Build automated, highly reliable image delivery, testing and publication pipelines
Engage with many other teams at Canonical, as well as the open source community and commercial partners
Work from home with global travel 4-6 weeks per year for internal and external events

Valued skills and experience

You love to mentor, develop and grow people, and have a track record of doing it
You are knowledgeable and passionate about software development
You are focused on success and the delivery of timely, high quality software
You have experience and commitment to agile development methodologies
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
Software development experience in Python or Golang
Effective written and verbal communication skills
Practical experience with Linux system administration

What Canonical offers:

Personal learning and development budget 
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Priority Pass for travel

Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote