Canonical is hiring a software engineer to join the Server Certification team. The Server Certification team develops Python based testing tools used to test Ubuntu Server on the latest enterprise hardware ensuring Ubuntu users have the best experience with their hardware. Members of the Server Certification team represent Canonical to our datacenter hardware partners. We focus on the interaction between server hardware and Ubuntu Linux, so the ideal candidate has software development experience and a good understanding of configuring and troubleshooting server hardware running Linux.
This is an excellent opportunity for someone who wants to have a meaningful impact on the adoption of Linux on enterprise server hardware across multiple industries. Canonical offers a fun, fast-paced team environment and a career full of learning and development opportunities. This team is centered in North and South American time zones.
We work together with silicon companies, OEMs, ODMs and teams within Canonical to ensure a smooth, secure out of the box Ubuntu experience, with success in this role leading to a great Ubuntu experience being offered on more and more devices. This role is perfect for someone who enjoys problem solving, developing tools, and creating and maintaining good partnerships with the biggest names in datacenter hardware.
What youll do

Contribute to Canonicals open source testing tools such as Checkbox and Testflinger.
Troubleshoot issues related to hardware compatibility, functionality, and performance.
Technically support Canonicals hardware partners in their hardware certification efforts.
Educate the partner about Canonicals tools, processes, and product roadmaps.
Support Canonicals internal teams on customer deployments of Canonicals suite of Datacenter and Cloud products that utilize the partners hardware.
Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 times per year for internal and external events.

Who you are

You have a good knowledge of Python and shell scripting.
You have knowledge of server-class hardware.
You know your way around Ubuntu, virtualization, and cloud computing concepts.
You are confident in a customer-facing role.

Desired skills and experience

Experience with test automation tools for validating hardware compatibility.
Knowledge of CICD concepts.
Comfortable with some virtualization or container technologies such as QEMU, KVM, LXC  LXD, Docker.

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. We truly believe that diversity of experience, perspectives, and background will lead to a better environment for our employees and a better platform for our users and customers. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of the world of Ubuntu.
LI-REMOTE