What is Canonical
Canonical is the global open source solutions provider and the publisher of Ubuntu. Since 2004 Canonical has led the way in providing free open source software solutions has created, putting innovation in the hands of everyone. Our portfolio of solutions are designed to support enterprises to innovate from the data centre to the edge; leading the way in cloud infrastructure, advanced robotics, enabling AI, blockchain, autonomous cars and smart things. We are proud to support the critical infrastructure and operations for thousands of businesses and millions of Ubuntu users around the world including ATT, Bloomberg, Netflix, Paypal, Sky, Slack, Spotify and Tmobile.
We seek to have a positive impact on the global IT community and support new and innovative development for the companies we work with and the communities in which we work. As a truly global company with more than 800 employees in over 39 countries, and 10 offices we offer a collaborative and open work environment where people are valued for their unique talents and empowered to do their jobs well. 
The marketing team at Canonical drives commercial outcomes for the company across its portfolio of products and grows the addressable market through digital marketing campaigns, lifecycle management, events, partnerships and community development. If these things are important to you and youre driven by driving growth, delighting customers and filling the sales funnel, we want to talk with you.
Job Summary:
Canonical is looking for a Product Marketing Manager who will be responsible for developing marketing strategy and go to market plans at a global level for a diverse range of products to support our growth strategy. This is a hands-on, multi-disciplinary and dynamic position, requiring close collaboration with the Product and engineering teams, content team, Sales Teams, as well as other Marketing functions.
The ideal candidate is passionate about technology, technology marketing and the use of technology in marketing. They prefer to work in an environment that emphasises ownership of campaigns, collaboration, learning, curiosity and a drive to always improve oneself  the team  the organisation. They love to problem solve, get hands on, experiment, measure and use automation to make daily life easier.
As a product marketing manager you will:

Be responsible for go-to-market planning and execution for a range of products
Lead on content dissemination planning, campaign development and planning for planning product launches.
You will lead on the development of compelling messaging and positioning that emphasizes business value and connects with target audiences throughout the buying journey 
Conceiving and executing customer base communications and marketing programs to upsell and cross sell into our large base of customers
Collaborating with demand generation teams, utilizing data and insights to create and improve strategies that drive traffic to our content, optimizing marketing funnels
Work with the teams to plan event, webinars and support paid and social media promotion
PR  AR coordination with Comms manager
Create and publish content (online and print) in line with marketing plans to deliver on campaigns
Monitoring the competitive landscape to define product positioning that differentiates

The successful Marketing Manager will have :

A minimum of 5 years in a Product Marketing function focused on enterprise software, SaaS experience preferred
Knowledge of workflow and process automation, case management and nolow code application development
Knowledge of enterprise content management  content services would also be ideal
Ability to think strategically about complex issues, leading to thoughtful recommendations, and action plans
Exceptional interpersonal skills, and aptitude for forging trusting relationships across diverse, cross-functional teams
Conversant in go-to-market strategies and methodologies
Skilled in leading presentations and discussions with industry analysts, business, technical, and sales stakeholders
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong content marketer
Proven ability to prioritize and differentiate what matters from the noise, meeting deadlines without sacrificing quality
Growth mindset - someone who is not afraid to think big and take on risk.

What Canonical Offers:

Learning and Development
Annual Compensation Review
Recognition Rewards
Annual Leave
Priority Pass for travel
Flexible working option

Canonical believes a diverse workforce enhances our ability to deliver world class software and services which meet the worlds computing needs. We are committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities to all qualified individuals. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.
LI-RemoteSP