The role of a Product Marketing Lead at Canonical
Canonical is looking for a Product Marketing Lead who will be responsible for leading a team that develops marketing strategies and go to market plans at a global level for the entirety of Canonical portfolio. This is a hands-on, multi-disciplinary and dynamic position, requiring close collaboration with the product and engineering teams, sales, as well as other marketing functions.
The ideal candidate will be passionate about technology, technology marketing and the use of technology in marketing. You will prefer to work in an environment that has emphasis on the ownership of campaigns, collaboration, learning, curiosity and a drive to continually improve oneself  the team  the organisation. You will also love to problem solve, get hands-on, experiment, measure and use automation to make daily life easier. 
This role reports to the VP of Marketing. 
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.
What your day will look like

Manage a team of product marketing managers covering all of Canonical portfolio; Cloud, IoT, Appplications, Ubuntu, Security...
Lead on the development of compelling messaging and positioning that emphasizes business value and connects with target audiences throughout the buying journey
Prioritise and orchestrate your teams activities to maximise overall pipeline generation and individual product growth
Conceive and execute customer base communications and marketing programs to acquire new users, upsell and cross sell into our large base of customers
Collaborate with data science teams, utilizing data and insights to create and improve strategies that drive traffic to our content, optimizing marketing funnels
Monitor the competitive landscape to define a portfolio and product positioning that differentiates Canonical

What we are looking for in you

Passion for technology and some exposure to one of the areas Canonical covers: Cloud, IoT, Ubuntu, Security and Open Source applications  middleware.
Ability to think strategically about complex issues, leading to thoughtful recommendations, and action plans
Exceptional interpersonal skills, and aptitude for forging trusting relationships across diverse, cross-functional teams
Conversant in go-to-market strategies and methodologies
Skilled in leading presentations and discussions with industry analysts, business, technical, and sales stakeholders
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong content marketer
Proven ability to prioritize and differentiate what matters from the noise, meeting deadlines without sacrificing quality
Growth mindset - someone who is not afraid to think big and take on risk.
Experience in enterprise software, SaaS or silicon preferred

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000 USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 