The role of a Manager, Talent Science at Canonical
Our Talent Science team brings deep analytical thinking to how we assess our Global talent. We are pioneering experts changing how an organisation thinks about building its talent. With a Hiring Leadership team that owns and runs our hiring process, our team is responsible for developing advanced insights into the decisions we are making with the ability to best predict performances in the workplace. We are leading the way on how an organisation builds itself through identifying exceptional people, holding the highest standards whilst searching in a globally remote world.
This is a unique opportunity to connect the science behind hiring to enable us to attract game changing talent. We are highly data driven, using advanced analytics to assess the effectiveness of our process. We are responsible for ensuring our assessment process helps our leaders identify exceptional talent. We also bring deep thinking on psychometric assessments and conduct in depth behavioural interviews to provide insights on drivers and motivations of our people.
We are looking for an experienced talent leader that has proven experience of driving world class talent initiatives. Being highly data centric you will have the ability to drive change through insights and analytics, and bring unique ways to measure talent in the tech marketplace. The suitable individual will bring experience of data science,  creating and using dashboarding to influence and drive our processes together with experience of conducting behavioral and psychometric assessments.
This role is home based in EMEA.
What your day will look like
In this role you will:

Lead a team of data driven behavioural experts, responsible for ensuring that our leadership teams are selecting  game changing talent for our organisation.
Building and driving deep dive analytics that impact the decisions we make when assessing talent in the Tech industry.
Build key relationships with global Hiring Leadership  stakeholders to drive our hiring agenda.
Be seen as a thought leader on talent initiatives with an inherent belief that past performance predicts future success.
Conduct in-depth behavioral talent interviews providing considerable insights into motivations and behaviours of talent.
Review our assessment effectiveness to drive continuous improvement.
Ensure our Employer branding and DEI initiatives support and drive an inclusive environment for our people.

What we are looking for in you

An exceptional academic track record with a degree in psychology or a science based subject with a data scienceanalytical background.
 Programming experience with advanced capability to build dashboards, manipulate large datasets and create complex metrics to drive positive behavioural change (SQL, Python, Scripting capabilities).
Management experience overseeing data driven experts in the talent field including managing projects that drive efficiency and deliver results.
Thought leadership in the talent space with the ability to influence best practice, bringing a solid point of how to build  a high performance organisation. 
Experience of running and providing stakeholder training on behavioural, competency based interviews.
Experience of interpreting psychometric assessments with a deep belief that motivations and behaviours are as important as technical domain skills.
Proven ability of working with senior stakeholders to drive a professional outlook on hiring talent  as well as challenge the status quo.
Passionate about building a great employer brand and candidate experience.
Experience of successful configuration of hiring tools that enable the selection process.
 Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 