Canonical is looking for a Graduate Product Marketing Manager who will be responsible for developing marketing strategy and go to market plans at a global level for a diverse range of products to support our growth strategy. This is a hands-on, multi-disciplinary and dynamic position, requiring close collaboration with the Product and engineering teams, content team, Sales Teams, as well as other Marketing functions.
The ideal candidate is passionate about technology, technology marketing and the use of technology in marketing. They prefer to work in an environment that emphasises ownership of campaigns, collaboration, learning, curiosity and a drive to continually improve oneself  the team  the organisation. They love to problem solve, get hands-on, experiment, measure and use automation to make daily life easier.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region.
What your day will look like

Be responsible for go-to-market planning and execution for a range of products - Cloud, IoT, Appplications, Ubuntu, Security
Lead on content dissemination planning, campaign development and planning for planning product launches.
You will lead on the development of compelling messaging and positioning that emphasizes business value and connects with target audiences throughout the buying journey
Conceiving and executing customer base communications and marketing programs to upsell and cross sell into our large base of customers
Collaborating with demand generation teams, utilizing data and insights to create and improve strategies that drive traffic to our content, optimizing marketing funnels
Work with other teams to plan event, webinars and support paid and social media promotion
Create and publish content (online and print) in line with marketing plans to deliver on campaigns
Monitoring the competitive landscape to define product positioning that differentiates

What we are looking for in you

Passion for technology and some exposure to one of the areas Canonical covers: Cloud, IoT, Ubuntu, Security, Applications
Ability to think strategically about complex issues, leading to thoughtful recommendations, and action plans
Exceptional interpersonal skills, and aptitude for forging trusting relationships across diverse, cross-functional teams
Conversant in go-to-market strategies and methodologies
Skilled in leading presentations and discussions with industry analysts, business, technical, and sales stakeholders
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, strong content marketer
Proven ability to prioritize and differentiate what matters from the noise, meeting deadlines without sacrificing quality
Growth mindset - someone who is not afraid to think big and take on risk.

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 