The world creates more than 2.5 quintillion bytes of data every day! We want to help teams to store data in open source storage on commodity hardware - safely, cheaply and simply.
Our goal is to make Ceph easy to install, manage and use - from large enterprise data center installations to half-rack edge sites. We believe that distributed storage shouldnt be hard - and to keep up with the increasing data storage demands, it needs to be easier than ever before. We have a range of tools to bring to bear on the problem, and were excited to make distributed Ceph easy enough that everyone does it.
As an engineering manager at Canonical you must be technically strong, but your responsibility is to run an effective team and develop the colleagues you manage. You are expected to help them grow as engineers, do important work, do it outstandingly well, find professional and personal satisfaction, and work well with colleagues and community. Technical leadership experience and a background in software engineering are necessary prerequisites for this role. You will be expected to lead, challenge, and develop strong engineers, positively influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution. You will be responsible for sound software architecture and best practices in software quality, testing and documentation.
What youll do

You will lead a team building a Ceph focused software defined storage solution
You will build and manage a globally distributed team of engineers
Youll develop your team through coaching, mentoring and feedback
You will demonstrate sound engineering principles by directly contributing toward your teams goals
Set reasonable schedules based on considered estimates, with feedback loops for improvement
Set and manage expectations with other engineering teams and external stakeholders
Advance modern, agile software development practices
Maintain a culture of quality and engineering excellence
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with the company values
Be an active part of the leadership team and collaborate with other leaders in the organisation
Work from home with global travel up to 20 for internal and external events

Who you are

You have a software engineering background, preferably with Python and C experience
You have experience operating scale out storage clusters on Linux in production environments, preferably with Ceph
You love embracing new technologies and pushing the boundaries of what is possibleYou love developing and growing people and have a track record of doing it
You have an interest in building products that improve how people operate software and infrastructure everywhere
You are knowledgeable and passionate about software development
You have experience in leading, managing, coaching and mentoring software developers towards delivering timely, high quality software together
You have solid experience working in an agile development environment

About Canonical
Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu. Our services help businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote