Canonical is seeking experienced PythonGo engineering managers to build highly performant and secure identity and access management solutions that will be used across all company products. From Ubuntu One SSO to Juju, LXD and MAAS your team will define the way Canonical users, clients and community members access their favorite open source applications.
This is an opportunity for a software engineering manager with a passion for distributed systems operations to help us transform the future of identity management at Canonical. Experience in the identity and access management (IAM) field is desirable but not required. You will work with upstream open source projects, alongside internal teams to deliver high quality software that can be deployed on bare metal, public cloud and Kubernetes.
As the identity team engineering manager you will  bring significant software development experience, Kubernetes knowledge and a keen eye for software design, performance and security. You will be responsible for working with product management to define the technical vision for the products, managing the team backlog, reviewing code and coaching younger team members.
You will be involved in all the aspects of the software development process: you will design software, write high-quality code and tests, provide insightful code reviews, write documentation and help to troubleshoot issues.
In addition to the engineering behind the project itself, youll have the chance to work with industry-leading teams inside Canonical, ensuring your work is backed by rock-solid data stores, and highly observable using our Kubernetes-based Observability stack. Youll work with broader open source communities, participating in hackfest events, webinars and conferences.
Who you are

Proven experience hiring and leading a high performance software engineering team
Expertise in Python and Go software development
Ability to design and implement complex, distributed system
Experience working with container technology and Kubernetes
Strong understanding of softwareinfrastructure security and performance
Experience designing andor operating large scale distributed systems 
Knowledge of identity and access management technologies and standards is desirable but not essential

Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote