HPC is an important and technically challenging compute domain, with specialised tooling and a very high requirement for precision, efficiency and automation. This role covers engineering management of a software development team we have created to deliver an outstanding HPC experience - from bare metal to public cloud - as part of the broader Ubuntu platform. We are looking for a range of skills and experience, but the heart of our effort will be Python software development for automation of key software in the HPC sphere.
To succeed in this application you must be outstanding at maths and sciences, and have built high quality software, learned about open source ideally by working on it directly,  and be looking for an engineering management role with a company that makes mission-critical products for the global market. You should also be familiar with the open source environment, and want to build products in partnership with a community.
As an engineering manager, you must also have excellent judgement about people - their motivations, abilities, developmental needs and prospects for success.
Engineering at Canonical requires hands-on code contribution and review, as well as architectural leadership. You will need to demonstrate insight into performance and quality engineering practices and ensure your team embraces effective disciplines on both fronts. You will need to be comfortable holding contributors accountable for work ethic and results. You must also have an understanding of security practices and principles and the impact that engineering choices have on product security.
We expect teams to deliver well-documented products and work with design professionals to shape the product experience. You should relish the opportunity to shape and direct and develop an engineering team that is happy and brilliant, and produces a product that will be a pleasure to use and to evolve.
For this role you must have deep experience with Python. Experience in HPC environments is a strong advantage. Familiarity with HPC hardware and software is also a strong advantage - delivering great experiences with Infiniband, RDMA, CUDA, MPI, Slurm, Lustre, Singularity and related technologies will be central to this teams work. It will also be advantageous to have experience with Docker image design and operations, and public cloud image design and operations.
What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
stack
LI-remote
 