The role
Our Workplace Engineering team are a highly performant group which specialises in web architecture and analytics specialists. Building new tools, dashboards and analytics that empower colleagues, managers and executives to make better decisions and deliver better work.
About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneer in the digital workplace, established in 2004 with a global, remote-first policy that has delivered world-class open source and sets the pace in cloud, developer and IoT technology.
We are dedicated to continually improving to keep Canonical the best at remote work. Its part of our enjoyment of our mission - both to deliver the worlds best free software, and to push the boundaries of 21st-century work and collaboration.
Our goal is to improve the state of the art even further in key business processes for a distributed team: hiring, collaboration, communication, learning, documentation, development, and open source development. We want to understand our distributed teams as well as we could understand co-located teams. We want to help them work better, be happier, and make better decisions.
What you will do:

Design and deliver web-based systems and SAAS
Provide new insights into the Canonical workplace experience
Enable new processes and improve existing workflows
Collaborate proactively with a distributed team
Write high-quality code to create new features
Debug issues and produce high-quality code to fix them
Consistently provide high-quality code reviews to other engineers
Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions
Estimate work, set goals and meet them
Write project specifications, and epics and understand the risks
Understand completion criteria and push work to completion
Coaching, mentoring and providing feedback to more junior members of the team, while always developing yourself
Connect to many data sources and provide insightful visualisations
Database design and architecture for connected systems
Developing new and improved working practices for the company
Providing tooling to support optimised processes
Love what you do.

Who you are
To be successful in this team you must be an expert in two or more of the following:

Backend web service programming in Python and Node.JS
Solid understanding of web development technologies such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
Data analytics and statistical analysis
Natural language processing, sentiment analysis, machine learning
Data visualisation

The ideal candidate will use their passion for experimentation and analytics to build tomorrows tech organisation. This team will help us gain insights into the business and our talent pool, and use those insights to improve the experience of working at Canonical.
As a Senior Web Engineer at Canonical, you need an analytical, data-driven mind and a passion to connect and make sense of interesting data from APIs. We focus heavily on the collection of metrics, optimising processes, and ways of working across Canonical.  You need to demonstrate leadership, excellence, and consistency and will mentor others in the team.
We offer

Remote first: 100 remote working with the opportunity to travel to Sprints. We meet a couple of times a year in interesting places all around the world to come together to collaborate. These Sprints see circa 300 people come together. This year we have travelled to Frankfurt, Copenhagen, Montreal and Prague!


Personal development: Annual budget allowance and time to focus on areas you want to improve.


Compensation: eligibility for annual pay review including bonuses.
Recognition: The ability to possibly be rewarded and recognised by others for the work you do.
Travel: Priority Pass for lounge access when flying to sprints. International SOS membership to support you whilst travelling.

 
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote
 