Ubuntu Pro is a suite of specialist services provided by Canonical. Whether for enterprise customers deploying systems at scale or users who want security patching for their personal Ubuntu LTS at home, the Ubuntu Pro Client is the command-line tool that manages all these services.
The quality and stability of the Ubuntu Pro Client is critically important, since it comes pre-installed on every Ubuntu system. Youll work with the Ubuntu Server team, alongside major cloud partners and multiple Canonical product teams to develop, test and release improvements to the Pro client. You will also be a voice in communication with our users, ensuring their needs are met.
This role requires quality-oriented software engineering in Python and a focus on software interoperability over a vast range of target releases and environments. Excellent Python skills are a key requirement, with previous contributions to open source Python projects being an advantage. The Pro client often interacts with the Ubuntu package management; therefore, experience in configuring apt, and knowledge of deb packaging and general system administration is advantageous in this role.
Applicants should be passionate about the Ubuntu project and its values and about building tools that are used by millions of people around the world. A personal interest and emphasis on quality, thinking of edge cases, ease of use, documentation, and careful community coordination is important. The Pro client is used at all ranges, from mission-critical environments to hobbyist Ubuntu users; applicants should be ready to work with the whole spectrum of end users and help guide engineering best practices with all of them in mind.
What youll do

Collaborate proactively with a distributed team
Write high quality code, with unit and functional tests, to create new features
Debug issues and produce high quality code to fix them
Review code produced by other engineers
Discuss ideas and investigate to find good solutions
Work from home, with global travel 2 to 4 weeks per year for internal and external events

Who you are

You love technology and working with brilliant people
You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
You have extensive experience with Python on Linux
You have interest in and experience with two or more of the following: Ubuntu Linux systems administration, continuous integration, end-system contract management, Debian packaging, working with public or on premise clouds
Bonus points if you have experience engaging with the open source community

Canonical is proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background lead to a better environment for our employees and a better platform for our users and customers. This is something we value deeply and we encourage everyone to come be a part of the world of Ubuntu.
stack
LI-remote
