The role of an Engineering Director of Community at Canonical
As the Engineering Director of Community you will have a broad impact and responsibility for growing community engagement and processes across all of engineering. If you want to define what building the next generation of open source community looks like, this is the role for you.
You will be responsible for assisting various teams at Canonical in broadening their community engagement activities. You will ensure that all engineering teams make community an important aspect of how they do what they do. Youll provide assistance to new and existing contributors seeking to get involved or expand their role, and connect community contributors with mentors. You will organise cross-team participation in community events and mentoring.
Outside of those responsibilities you will assist the Ubuntu community team in ensuring community processes are high quality and consistently implemented.
Location: This is a Globally remote role.
What your day will look like

Collaborate proactively with multiple distributed teams
Help engineering teams establish and achieve community engagement goals
Establish consistency in community process, engagement, and interaction across engineering
Influence others and represent technical insight to customers and other engineers
Spend a significant amount of time mentoring others and providing cross-team input
Work from home with global travel 4 to 6 weeks for internal and external events
Collaborate with the developer advocates and PR teams at Canonical to promote Ubuntu and related technologies via blogs and social media
Identifying relevant influencers and devising plans on how to effectively engage with them

What we are looking for in you

You have a long history and clear public record of community engagement, particularly with open source communities
You are capable of representing Canonical  Ubuntu externally
You have experience leading successful projects and teams
You are an articulate communicator
You are comfortable preparing and giving presentations
You love technology and working with brilliant people
You follow industry trends and new technologies
You understand and value how you do what you do, as well as what you do
You have strong collaboration and influencing skills
You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
BSBA or equivalent in Computer Science, Technical Communication, English, or a related field

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote