This is an opportunity for an Linux EngineerAdministrator with a passion for Linux and Customer Success to build a career with Canonical and support the technical needs of customers leveraging Ubuntu and open source products. If you have a passion for technology and an eagerness to learn, then you will enjoy working with some of the best people in the industry at Canonical.
The role of a Linux Desktop Support Engineer at Canonical
You will be accountable for delivering an outstanding technical support experience on the full Desktop and Server technical stack at Canonical. From problem qualification to full resolution, you will own and manage your cases. When needed, you will transfer your cases to your colleagues or involve senior engineers.
Your day to day job is to provide technical expertise, be an excellent communicator and a service-oriented professional. Every day you will have to make judgement calls to prioritise customer issues and maximise your effectiveness. You will also need to set time aside to learn about our new products and technologies and evolve as a professional. You will participate in various training sessions, team gatherings and Company events.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the EMEA region
What your day will look like
Your day to day duties will include:

Work from your remote home office and provide technical support for employees.
Be available to take ownership of new cases via telephone, email and web
Act as an internal customer advocate keeping them updated in a timely manner
Ensure that each support case owned by you is handled according to our Service Level Agreement (SLA) with the highest possible customer satisfaction by setting the right expectations and fulfilling your commitments.
Contribute new knowledge base articles and maintain existing articles, ensuring shared knowledge and lessons learned are available to customers.
Draft and distribute technical notices for internal and external communication.
Prioritise your work in order to accomplish the most important and urgent tasks first
Keep on learning as our products and services grow and evolve
Understanding Ubuntu development process to be able to set customer expectations correctly on timeline for a fix.
Maintain regular communication and information exchange with the rest of the team, locally and remotely
Identify and suggest any opportunities to provide a better service
Participate in a regular weekend working rotation.

What we are looking for in you

Bachelors or equivalent four year degree in a technical field from an accredited college or university. Preferable majors: Computer Science, MIS, Electrical Engineering, etc.
Advanced troubleshooting of Mac and Windows operating systems, and multi OS machines
Experience with system performance troubleshooting
Experience with Linux troubleshooting (collecting logs and stack traces, fine-tuning by editing configuration files)
Experience with Linux integration with other environments (authenticationdirectory services, network file systems, etc.)
Experience with Linux server administration
Programming fundamentals in any language (bash, Perl, Ruby, Javascript, C or C, Go) 
Ability to learn quickly, thrive on change and handle the pressure of a customer facing job
Strong written and verbal English communication skills
Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events

Additional skills that you might also bring

Experience supporting virtualized environments (KVM, Virtual Box, VMWare)
Experience with other open-source desktop technologies
Active contribution to open-source projectsforumcode
Experience with Linux Kernel

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits below, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 