This is an exciting opportunity for a software engineer passionate about open source software, Linux, and building technology for democratization of Data Centers. Help us build the 1 bare metal cloud system, and work with the best and brightest people in technology at Canonical!
The Ubuntu MAAS team is responsible for delivering our Metal As A Service hyperscale provisioning technology. Ubuntu strives to be the most scalable, cloud ready server distribution and MAAS is our platform to get it there. MAAS is a rapidly evolving software stack written in Python and Go, and we are looking for experienced software engineers who understand performance at scale, networking, storage and usability.
Applicants should be passionate about the future of Ubuntu and be able to show technical leadership with a globally distributed team of engineers who share that passion. This position requires international travel several times a year.
What youll do

Design and implement software using modern Python and Go.
Develop MAAS core components and features to make MAAS the 1 bare metal cloud system.
Shape the architecture of MAAS to make it simpler, faster and easier to use.
Collaborate with other teams to ensure MAAS works well with other tools and is released on time.
Contribute your improvements to our continuous integration environment, tests and practices, to maintain fast feedback and good test coverage.
Contribute to documentation of current and existing features, making it world-class resource for Data Centre operators and users.
Provide technical communication and collaboration with other teams where appropriate.
Take personal ownership of problems and drive them to solutions.
Travel internationally a few times a year to meet and collaborate with your and other teams. 

Who you are

At least 5 years of proven professional software development experience in Python, Go or similar.
Capacity to learn quickly about new systems and techniques
Excellent logic, problem solving, and troubleshooting skills
Strong English language communication skills - both written and verbal
Experience with Linux server technologies, including but not limited to Virtualization (KVM), Containers (LXC), etc.
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
Knowledge of network technologies, including PXE, DHCP, TFTP, DNS, NTP
As a plus, some experience with Baseboard Management Controllers and Protocols (Redfish, IPMI, AMT and others)
As a plus, experience with networking, storage technologies and Cloud hosting and infrastructure.
As a plus, familiarity with some of the open source development tools and methodologies used in creation of several Ubuntu projects (MAAS, Juju, Ubuntu Server, LXD, Ubuntu Core), such as Launchpad, Debian packaging tools (APT, dpkg) and Snapcraft.
Ideally, experience of large-scale physical server provisioning and automation, including rapid deployment, configuration, management and service orchestration.

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote stack