We are hiring a software developer to focus on MicroK8s backing store, a specialized distributed database designed on top of dqlite, Canonicals distributed SQL database. As a member of the Kubernetes team, you will design and implement features and enhancements to the backing store, become a dqlite specialist and optimize its use in the context of Kubernetes.
You will gain familiarity with the latest features in Kubernetes and look to incorporate the best of open-source for our end-users. You will collaborate with industry peers and partners to bring the right solutions to our customers
This is an exciting opportunity for a Software Engineer passionate about open source, Linux, C, Golang, SQLite and Kubernetes. Come build a rewarding, meaningful career working with the best and brightest people in technology at Canonical, the growing international software company behind Ubuntu.
What youll do

Design and develop features and enhancements to MicroK8s backing store
Optimize MicroK8s backing store performance
Identify and describe potential feature requests for dqlite 
Engage with the open source community and commercial partners
Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events

Who you are

You have CGolang programming experience
You have experience with keyvalue and SQL databases
You have experience with Kubernetes
You have strong written and verbal communication skills
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
Experience with consensus algorithms (preferably with Raft) is a plus

Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform. Our services help businesses worldwide to reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote Stack