As a profitable, growing pioneer in tech sector remote-first employment, we are expanding our HR capacity in the Americas time zone, covering all countries from Canada in the north to Argentina and Chile in the south.
This Senior HR Generalist position is available for an outstanding individual who has achieved outstanding academic and university results, has a track record of recognition and promotion in their career, and has experience working with high-performance teams across multiple countries in the region. The successful candidate will demonstrate a high work ethic and the personal confidence to set and defend high expectations of colleagues, counterparts and processes. They must be able to work independently, take a hands-on approach, and interface effectively with professionals at all levels. Youll need excellent communication, professional and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to function in a proactive, innovative environment. We look to HR both to support our colleagues in their personal needs and development, and also to maintain consistently high standards across multiple teams, managers and directors.
This remote role can filled anywhere in the Americas time zone, north or south.
What your day will look like

Provide HR guidance to team members and managers, setting high expectations of behaviour and performance
Partner with line managers to provide employee relations advice on global policies and procedures
Ensure accuracy and timeliness in processing employee changes, joiners and leavers
Manage and drive benefit programs such as Open Enrollment for colleagues in the USA
Liaise with our finance team on monthly payroll, projects and enquiries
Support the full life-cycle of HR including onboarding, benefit administration, and departure
Apply critical thinking to automate and reduce administrative tasks
Take a lead role in the management, continued development, and integration of our HR system
Act as a system expert and advocate for the global HR team
Produce data driven reports to inform and influence HR initiatives
Lead and participate in projects where youll see the impact of your work
Support internal resource groups to drive initiatives such as diversity and inclusion
Create, update and maintain country-specific handbooks and corporate policies
Ensure consistency of application of our HR policies and procedures

What we are looking for in you

Track record of exceptional achievement from high school, through graduate studies and career
Relevant professional qualification and certifications
Excellent practical insights into US and Canada HR practices and employment laws
Knowledge of Brazil and other LATAM laws and practices is beneficial
Self-directed, organized problem solver with the ability to prioritize and meet goals and deadlines
Demonstrated ability to exercise discretion, sound judgement, tact and diplomacy in all communications
Fearless and principled approach to professional interactions at every level of a business
Commitment to confidentiality of sensitive information
Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events, with at least one trip of two full working weeks

What we offer you
Competitive compensation with additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce, reflecting responsibilities, performance, location, discipline and experience. Benefits may may be specific to country and will be discussed in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Remote-first working environment - since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 