The role of a Head of Partner Marketing at Canonical
Canonical is looking for a partner marketing lead who will be responsible for developing our strategic relationships with a set of global partners. Canonical partners with the leading companies in technology across public cloud (Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Oracle), silicon (ARM, Intel, Qualcomm, Mediatek, Nvidia, Xilinx), hardware vendors (Dell, HP, HPE, Lenovo). As our business increasingly depends on partners, the scope of our partnership grows every year (GSI, software vendors, IoT). We are thus looking for an individual, who will not only drive successful marketing activities with our partners but also shape our partner programs.
The ideal candidate will be passionate about technology, technology marketing and the use of technology in marketing. You will prefer to work in an environment that has emphasis on the ownership of campaigns, collaboration, learning, curiosity and a drive to continually improve oneself  the team  the organisation. You will also love to problem solve, get hands-on, experiment, measure and use automation to make daily life easier. 
This role reports to the VP of Marketing.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the Americas region.
What your day will look like

Lead a team of Partner Marketing Managers
Grow partner sales through integrated partner marketing programs, across system integrators, public cloud, device manufacturers and semiconductors
Come up with scalable and efficient marketing campaigns to drive Canonical products, with the objective to build marketing frameworks that can be leveraged globally
Grow the value proposition of co-marketing programs for current partners and attract new partners
Drive marketing consistency among partners to ensure Ubuntu brand and value proposition is accurately and professionally represented
Establish  support relationships with partner sales, channel, and marketing teams to improve partner sales potential for Canonical products, services and technologies
Develop  maintain a deep understanding of partner business strategies and objectives. Craft co-marketing strategies and programs that benefit both Canonical and partners, from messaging to program delivery
Advocate for mutual business development. Help build customer demand for partner products that will grow sales. Bring together Canonical and partner capabilities to improve touch points to elevate awareness and business opportunities

What we are looking for in you

Experience in B2B marketing and experience working with strategic corporate partners to develop co-marketing initiatives
Experience in enterprise software, SaaS or silicon preferred
Strong customerpartner relationship management skills
Proven analytical skills, able to assess opportunities and make decisions on ROIadvantages of programs  investments
Track record of delivering strong results and innovation
Growth mindset - someone who is not afraid to think big and take on risk
Willingness to roll up your sleeves
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work and thrive in a self-starter, fast-paced and changing environment
Loves diverse work assignments and enjoys the opportunity to try new approaches and overcome challenges

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000 USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 