Help us shape the future of open source IT, devops, and IS, from bare metal to containers. Our goal is to revolutionise open source application and infrastructure operations.
We are on a mission to reshape the world of software operations, using Python and Golang for next-generation infrastructure-as-code and blazing a trail to model-driven operations. We want to enable companies to run very efficient bare metal operations for high performance computing, private cloud, data lakes and analytics. To achieve this we need to invent some new technology, and we need to build some new products. In support of that goal we hire software engineers who are passionate about quality, reliability and devops.
This team is part of our fully managed infrastructure operations organisation. Canonical runs many private OpenStack clouds and Kubernetes clusters for customers around the world, which enables us to improve our infra-as-code products based on our own real experience, mirroring that of our users and customers. We work in Python and Golang, creating open source operations capabilities that simplify these operations for anybody, worldwide, who is building on Ubuntu.
Our team collaborates with product, engineering, and operations teams. Most of the work is pure open source Python software development, with some planned work in Golang. The expectation is to focus on quality, design, documentation, tests and performance. The team develops and enhances our opscode and other open source packages, to ensure our platform is the easiest, most robust, and best performing way to drive your data centre.
This role is ideal for software engineers who want to work in PythonGolang, have a passion for distributed systems, and an interest in the entire Linux stack - from kernel to networking to virtualization and containers. Our Engineers are technically astute open source enthusiasts who are excited about cloud computing and are ready to join a global team charged with delivering world class services to our customers.

What youll do

Work in Python and Golang to design and deliver open source software operations code
Work with the entire Linux stack, from kernel, networking, storage, to applications
Learn to think rigorously about application and infrastructure reliability
Shape high quality open source monitoring and alerting infrastructure
Simplify open source operations for our customers and open source community
Demonstrate sound engineering design and testing principles in your code
Follow agile software development practices
Coach and develop your colleagues where you have insights
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with the company values
Global travel up to 10 of time for internal and external events

Who you are

University degree in Computer Science or related software engineering field
Advanced level Python programming skills
Good to have - Golang programming skills
You are knowledgeable and passionate about software development 
You are organised and want your team to deliver timely, high quality software
You have a demonstrated drive for continual learning
You understand the importance of reliable operations in a devops world
You have sound knowledge of cloud computing concepts  technologies
You have practical knowledge of Linux and networking

What you will learn

Devops and site reliability engineering
OpenStack and Kubernetes in operation
Wide range of open source applications and skills
Real-life and hands-on exposure to a wide range of emerging technologies and tools 

We offer: 

Learning and development
Competitive salary
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Priority Pass for travel

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
Stack