The role of a Field Software Engineer at Canonical
Help global companies embrace the latest private cloud infrastructure, Linux and cloud native operations, and open source applications. Our team applies expert insights to real-world customer problems, enabling the enterprise adoption of Linux Ubuntu, OpenStack, Kubernetes and a wide range of associated technology.
This role has very diverse responsibilities. The team members are Linux and cloud solutions architects for our customers, designing private and public cloud solutions fitting their workload needs. They are the cloud consultants who work hands-on with the technologies by deploying, testing and handing over the solution to our support or managed services team at the end of a project. They are also software engineers who use Python to develop Kubernetes operators and Linux open source infrastructure-as-code.
The people who love this role are developers who like to solve customer problems through architecture, presentations and training.
 
Location: This role will be based remotely in the APAC region
What your day will look like

Work across the entire Linux stack, from kernel, networking, storage, to applications
Work in Python to develop and deliver open source code
Architect cloud infrastructure solutions like OpenStack, Kubernetes, Ceph, Hadoop and Spark either On-Premises or in Public Cloud (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud)
Coach and develop your colleagues where you have insights
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with the company values
Work from the comfort of your home
Global travel up to 25 of time for internal and external events

What we are looking for in you

University degree in Computer Science or related software engineering expertise
You have sound knowledge of cloud computing concepts  technologies, such as Kubernetes, Openstack, AWS, GCP, Azure, Ceph, etc.
You have practical knowledge of Linux and networking
You have Intermediate to Advanced level of Python programming skills
You are a dynamic person who loves to jump in new projects and interact with people
You have a demonstrated drive for continual learning
Excellent communication and presentation skills (English)
You have great organisational skills and follow-up reliably on commitments
 Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events

What youll learn

OpenStack and Kubernetes infrastructure
Linux Ubuntu and networking knowledge
Wide range of open source applications and skills
Work directly with customers in a range of different businesses 
Real-life and hands-on exposure to a wide range of emerging technologies and tools 

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits below, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
 
LI-remote
stack