This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Python engineer who is passionate about open source software, Linux, and cloud-native computing. This is a role for individual contribution through high quality, Pythonic code. Were looking for evidence of technical leadership, exceptional design and intuitive documentation.
Youll be responsible for designing and maintaining a Python framework and surrounding tools that enable the creation and management of Charmed Operators - software that drives software.
Youll be designing and implementing the foundation for software operators that can run anywhere, from bare metal to Kubernetes in the cloud.  Youll work closely with other teams in Canonical to ensure the framework provides a reliable, easy-to-use solution that scales to production workloads and meets the needs of our customers looking to adopt cutting-edge technology.
In addition to the core framework development, this team has responsibilities in the Charmed Operator community, for which Charmhub is the centre. Youll get the chance to work not just with the broad range of talent within Canonical, but the broader open source community. The Charmed Operator ecosystem is made up of Charmed Operators themselves, but also Juju, Pebble and more. Come and help build a thriving community, and contribute to a broad range of technologies that ensure seamless software operations at scale for some of the biggest names in tech.
In addition to this role, we are hiring for engineers with experience in operating and automating different classes of software. From Data Platform to Observability and MLOps; if you have experience in automating or operating these kinds of software, then please seek out those roles, or indicate your experience in your application to this role.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the APAC region
What your day will look like

Write high quality, rigorously designed Python software
Collaborate proactively with a globally distributed team
Display technical leadership internally and within our external communities
Debug issues and produce high quality code to fix them
Contribute to technical documentation that define best practices for authoring high quality operators
Discuss ideas and collaborate on finding good solutions
Work from home with global travel 2 to 4 weeks for internal and external events

What we are looking for in you

You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
You have deep experience and history of writing modern, maintainable Python
You love technology and working with brilliant people
You are curious, flexible, articulate, and accountable
You value soft skills and are passionate, enterprising, thoughtful, and self-motivated
You have interest and experience with two or more of the following: Linux, Kubernetes, Public cloud, OpenStack, LXCLXD, Python, Go, Debian packaging, scalable web services

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 