Are you fascinated by the chance to make a real impact on millions of Ubuntu users? We are looking for a passionate Linux kernel engineer to join our team and help us bring Ubuntu to the next generation of hardware. In this role, you will be responsible for developing and maintaining high-quality kernel support for a wide range of hardware devices. You will also work with upstream developers and driver vendors to integrate the latest hardware support into Ubuntu.
This role presents an exciting opportunity for an engineer to leverage their software engineering skills on cutting-edge hardware. We collaborate with world-leading OEM partners to deliver Ubuntu on their next generation of laptops, desktops, and workstations. You will tackle complex issues spanning a wide range of consumer components, from Wi-Fi and Thunderbolt docks to BIOS and UEFI. Additionally, you will face challenges in achieving optimal power efficiency and performance.
You will have the chance to explore the latest architecture and platform technologies from Intel, AMD and other silicon vendors, enabling them in Ubuntu and ultimately delivering them to the world. As part of this position, you will be expected to closely collaborate with upstream kernel maintainers and hardware vendors in analysing root causes, developing fixes, and submitting patches for review.     
Location: This is a role based in our Taipei, Taiwan office.                 
What your day will look like

Collaborate regularly and proactively with a globally distributed team 
Work closely with external silicon and hardware manufacturer delivery teams on bleeding edge Desktop, Laptop, and Server platforms
Diagnose and resolve issues in the kernel reported by QA, customers and the community
Enable new Linux kernel features as requested by customers
Submit, review, and apply kernel patches, working with both internal and external upstream maintainers

What we are looking for in you

Well-organised, self-starting and able to deliver to fixed schedules
Demonstrated ability to present oneself in a professional manner when interacting with colleagues, business partners, and the open source community
Ability to communicate effectively in English, both written and oral
Significant programming experience in C, with Python and Bash scripting also highly regarded
Solid background with git
Knowledge of the Linux kernel and kernel subsystems
Demonstrated experience with kernel patching and debugging
Knowledgeexperience with Linux kernel upstream processes and release cycle
Strong grasp of device drivers, BSPs, and other low level system engineering
Prior experience with UbuntuDebianSnap packaging would be highly regarded
Knowledge of ACPI and UEFI is desirable
Willing to travel globally up to 4 times a year for internal and external engineering events.
 

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 