Canonicals mission is to streamline and accelerate the adoption of open source across the entire global enterprise technology market. Our customers embrace the Canonical approach to open source for complex projects on bare metal, on the cloud, and at the edge.
Canonical Project Managers are responsible for ensuring project success through owning, driving, communicating and respectfully engaging all stakeholders, valuing integrity and accountability.
Within a portfolio of projects with complex and changing software technologies, customer and partner satisfaction is only possible because of exceptional Project Managers who know how to respect and engage all stakeholders.
What we are looking for in you
The successful Project Manager will have solid IT project management experience in a software engineering andor information technology field, excellent written and verbal communications skills in English and experience leading cross-cultural, remote and global project teams and customers. You will be able to make things happen with a professional approach and effective negotiation techniques. You have Agile expertise and Project Management certification. 
If this sounds like you and you have experience in projects in one or more of the areas below, wed love to hear from you:

Large Enterprise IT Programs
Organization Change Management 
ERP Implementation
IPO Implementation

Additional skills that you might also bring

Experience leading diverse, remote project teams
Experience with cross-cultural and multi-continent projects
Experience hiring, managing teams and developing skills
SW Engineering and IT Project Management Experience
Adept at making things happen while managing risks successfully
Experience in building collaborative internal and external partnerships
Solid commercial skills; experience in dealing with RFP process and contract creation 
Effective negotiator, comfortable in a customer facing pre-sales role for complex projects
Degree level education in Computer Science or STEM field, ideally also an MBA or similar qualification
Able to travel 6-8 weeks a year, up to two weeks at a time, sometimes internationally
Flexibility to work non-standard hours when required, in support of a worldwide sales and project team

 
What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000 USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote 
 