Our ambition is to set a standard of excellence in the industry in technical documentation and documentation practice. This is your chance to be a part of that as a Senior Technical Author.
The role of a Senior Technical Author
Youll be part of an engineering team, focused on a specific Canonical product area. You will lead the team effort to create, maintain and improve documentation that serves the needs of the products users, embracing the principles of the Ditaxis documentation framework. You will have a broad impact on - and responsibility for - the quality of the user experience with the product, and will contribute towards the long-term success of the project itself.
As a Senior Technical Author on the team, you will participate in development of product strategy. You will combine technical expertise with leadership in documentation, collaborating with colleagues across the company to establish documentation as a first-class engineering discipline.
You also be a part of Canonicals documentation practice team, that includes all the companys Technical Authors. Here, youll be amongst other documentation experts, who collaborate to define documentation excellence.
Location: This is a fully remote role, open to candidates across the globe. 
What youll do on a regular basis

Create, maintain and improve software documentation
Work with engineering team members, to help them make effective documentation contributions
Influence the development of the product, as an expert user of the product, who has important opinions about its function and design
Engage with user communities to ensure that our documentation meets their needs 
Encourage and support community engagement in and contribution to documentation
Help standardise the structure, presentation, style and language of content across products
Collaborate with documentation peers to advance the state of the art in documentation at Canonical
Challenge and advance documentation understanding and best-practice, as part of a disciplinary team 

Our best candidate

Cares deeply about functional written communication
Is a technical writer with a programmers mindset, or a programmer with a record of producing excellent documentation
Has a record of community engagement, in open-source software, documentation, research or other disciplines
Is sympathetic to the needs and challenges of open-source software and its communities
Demonstrates technical curiosity, and is fascinated by software technology and its challenges
Has demonstrable documentation skills, insight and enthusiasm
Has experience of software development contexts; is familiar with: Linux, working on the command line, application deployment, system operations, and infrastructure management, Git, documentation markup languages Has excellent written and verbal communication skills
Holds a BScBA degree or equivalent
Is able to travel twice a year for up to two weeks for events

Additional skills that you might also bring

Deep technical domain knowledge
Open-source community leadership and management
User-experience, interaction or visual design

What we offer you
We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognise outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus. We provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.

Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person
Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Maternity and paternity leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues
Priority Pass, and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering software technology firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote