With Ubuntu, Canonical created the first Linux for human beings. Our design team is on a mission to turn complex, open-source software into intuitive products that can change the face of enterprise IT. We are looking for an exceptional Senior Brand Designer, who shares our passion.
Our mission is to make enterprise-grade open source software, applications and services available to people everywhere. We create world-renowned software, impacting the lives of millions of engineers, enterprises, entrepreneurs and consumers every day. Our multi-disciplinary web design and production team includes visual designers, UX designers, front-end and back-end developers to bring exciting web projects to life. We help and learn from each other and strive to improve our work and processes.
We make enterprise-grade open source available to people everywhere. We are looking for an expert Brand Designer who is fluent in current design thinking, with an appetite for technology and innovation, and who is looking to bring the Ubuntu and Canonical brands to life across events, offices as well as digital and social assets. As a multi-disciplined designer, you will deliver exceptionally crafted and creative work in response to the business design needs.
We value:

Excellent academic results at school and university
Bachelors or equivalent in Art Design
Exceptional design talent with experience in branding, including visual identities, brand experiences
Knowledge and passion for user experience, technology and design
Commitment to continuous learning and improvement - curious, flexible, scientific
Engagement with the latest design research and innovation
Knowledge of InDesign, Illustrator, and Figma Photoshop

Brand Designers at Canonical have a vital role in the success of Ubuntu, our partners, customers and the larger Ubuntu community. Clear, stylish presentation that aids the user experience of our products is how we raise the bar and reach the widest audience. Real content and information will be at the core of the designs you produce. You know the ins and outs of typography, colour and layout, and you care deeply about usability, accessibility and web standards. You should have agency, company or freelance design experience.
Read more about the design team
What we offer

An opportunity to shape a company and products with a strong influence in the open source community
An inclusive work environment
Learning and development
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Priority Pass for travel

We create world-renowned software, impacting the lives of millions of engineers, enterprises, entrepreneurs and consumers every day. Our design team works in a multi-disciplinary environment with visual designers, UX designers, front-end and back-end engineers to  bring exciting web projects to life. We help and learn from each other and constantly strive to improve our work and processes.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-RemoteLI-ET1