This is an exciting opportunity for a software engineering manager, passionate about open source software, Linux and cloud computing. Come build a rewarding, meaningful career working with the best and brightest people in technology at Canonical, the growing international software company behind Ubuntu.
Sustaining Engineering is a business critical team that continuously improves various open source software by resolving software defects reported by customers. Software stack includes everything from the kernel all the way up to the user space applications and IaaS platforms. This position leads one of our regional teams and is one of several managers, who report directly to the global Director of Sustaining Engineering.
Our customers build large-scale mission critical infrastructure and application solutions on Ubuntu and open source from Canonical. While not actively developing products, Sustaining Engineering, as part of Support Engineering, solves problems for the customer and for the benefit of the wider Open Source community. This team is well staffed with experts in every time zone and, while the work can be challenging sometimes, the team is resourced to ensure the good work-life balance and ongoing development of each team member.
As an engineering manager in the Sustaining Engineering team, your primary responsibility is to the people you support: ensuring that they are growing as engineers, making valuable contributions, and generally having a great experience at Canonical. Technical leadership and a solid background in software development is a must, so that you are able to challenge and grow your team members. You will have the opportunity to influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution.
Location: This job is open to applicants in all timezones, and is a full-time, remote position. 
What your day will look like

Manage and lead a distributed team of engineers
Hire, coach, mentor, provide feedback and career development guidance to your team
Manage shift scheduling, measuring key performance indicators (KPIs), and training
Support timely delivery of bug fixes, patches, and other technical solutions to address business needs in a variety of technology fields, including but not limited to Ubuntu, OpenStack, Ceph, Kubernetes, Juju  MAAS
Demonstrate the very best of Canonical in customer interactions
Set and manage expectations with other engineering teams, senior management, and external stakeholders
Advocate and advance modern software development practices
Grow a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with the company value
Collaborate with other teams in the organisation
Work from home with global travel up to 10 for internal and external events

What we are looking for in you

You have interest and deep experience with three or more of the following: Ubuntu Linux - kernel or userspace, Kubernetes, OpenStack, Ceph, QEMUKVM, LXCLXD, Postgresql, Mongo, deb or snap packaging
Professional software delivery experience using C, C, Go, Python, or similar
You are knowledgeable and passionate about software development
Leadership experience displaying ability to organise and prioritise complex problem resolution and bug fixes
Experience with version control systems such as git
Experience with debugging tools such as gdb, crash or other
Demonstrated strong commitment to testing methodologies and maintainable code quality
Excellent communication skills in the English language, both verbal and written
Experience with Linux, with a preference towards Ubuntu
Experience with Open Source and Open Source Business Models
People management experience in a support organisation is a strong plus

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, please ask your Talent Partner.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote opensource linux softwareengineering cloudcomputing technicalsupport go python kubernetes openstack ceph