The role of a Partner Marketing Manager at Canonical
Canonical is looking for a partner marketing manager who will be responsible for developing Canonical co-marketing relationships with silicon vendors (AMD, ARM, Intel, Qualcomm, Mediatek, NVIDIA, ). Canonical partners with the leading companies in technology across public cloud (Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Oracle), silicon, hardware vendors (Dell, HPE, Lenovo), GSI, ISVs... As our business increasingly depends on partners, the scope of our partnership grows every year. We are thus looking for an individual, who will not only drive successful marketing activities with our silicon partners but also shape our partner programs.
The ideal candidate is passionate about technology, technology marketing and the use of technology in marketing. They prefer to work in an environment that emphasises ownership of campaigns, collaboration, learning, curiosity and a drive to continually improve oneself  the team  the organisation. They love to problem solve, get hands-on, experiment, measure and use automation to make daily life easier.
This role sits in the Marketing team reporting to the Head of Partner Marketing.
Location: This role will be based remotely in the Americas region.
What your day will look like

Grow joint sales with silicon vendors through integrated partner marketing programs
Establish  support relationships with silicon vendors across sales, channel, and marketing teams
Develop  maintain a deep understanding of partner business strategies and objectives.
Craft co-marketing strategies and programs that benefit both Canonical and partners, from messaging to program delivery
Scale replicable campaigns globally across geos and verticals leveraging MDF 

What we are looking for in you

Experience in B2B marketing and experience working with strategic corporate partners to develop co-marketing initiatives. Experience with silicon vendors preferred
Strong customerpartner relationship management skills.
Hands-on experience of campaign management and digital marketing.
Proven analytical skills, able to assess opportunities and make decisions on ROIadvantages of programs  investments.
Track record of delivering strong results and innovation.
Growth mindset - someone who is not afraid to think big and take on risk.
Willingness to roll up their sleeves.
A strong team player equally capable of collaboration with internal and external teams.
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to work and thrive in a self-starter, fast-paced and changing environment
Love for diverse work assignments and the opportunity to try new approaches

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits above, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000 USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 