This is an opportunity for an entry level technologist with a passion for Linux and Customer Success to build a career with Canonical and support the technical needs of customers and Canonical staff. If you have a passion for technology and an eagerness to learn, then you will enjoy working with some of the best people in the industry at Canonical.
The role of a Linux Desktop Support Associate at Canonical
You will be accountable for delivering an outstanding technical support experience to our employees and customers. From problem qualification to full resolution, you will own and manage your cases. When needed, you will transfer your cases to your colleagues or involve senior engineers.
Your day to day job is to provide technical expertise, be an excellent communicator and a service-oriented professional. Every day you will have to make judgement calls to prioritise customer issues and maximise your effectiveness. You will also need to set time aside to learn about our new products and technologies and evolve as a professional. You will participate in various training sessions, team gatherings and Company events.
Location: This role will be based remotely in EMEA region
What your day will look like
Your day to day duties will include:

Work from your remote home office and provide technical support for employees.
Provide technical onboarding support for new employees.
Provide technical and infrastructure support during international events. 
Be available to take ownership of new cases via telephone, email and web
Act as an internal customer advocate keeping them updated in a timely manner
Ensure that each support request owned by you is handled as per our Service Level Agreement (SLA) and to the highest possible customer satisfaction by setting the right expectations and fulfilling your commitments
Contribute your findings to a common knowledge base and keep it up to date
Draft and distribute technical notices for internal and external communication.
Prioritise your work in order to accomplish the most important and urgent tasks first
Keep on learning as our products and services grow and evolve
Maintain regular communication and information exchange with the rest of the team, locally and remotely
Identify and suggest any opportunities to provide a better service

What we are looking for in you

Bachelors or equivalent four year degree in a technical field from an accredited college or university. Preferable majors: Computer Science, MIS, Electrical Engineering, etc.
Experience in a Linux based environment gained through university subjects or work experience
Linux knowledge including the installation, troubleshooting and basic configuration of recent Ubuntu Desktop releases
Basic desktop Linux usage (desktop tools for editing files, browsing the Web, managing Internet connectivity, setup of printersservicespackagesexternal storage devicesetc. utilising command line tools for exploring and manipulating the file system)
Basic troubleshooting (collecting logs, basic fine-tuning by editing configuration files)
Familiarity with safely installing, uninstalling, reinstalling and repartitioning machines with multiple operating systems and troubleshooting to recover broken installations
Understanding of Gmail, Google Calendar, Google Applications and Single Sign-On.
Ability to learn quickly, thrive on change and handle the pressure of a customer facing job
Written and verbal English communication skills
Willingness to travel up to 4 times a year for internal events

Additional skills that you might also bring

Some knowledge of programming (bash, Perl, Ruby, Javascript, C or C, Go) 
Basic troubleshooting of Mac and Windows operating systems.
Customer support experience is a plus

What we offer you
Your base pay will depend on various factors including your geographical location, level of experience, knowledge and skills. In addition to the benefits below, certain roles are also eligible for additional benefits and rewards including annual bonuses and sales incentives based on revenue or utilisation. Our compensation philosophy is to ensure equity right across our global workforce.  
In addition to a competitive base pay, we provide all team members with additional benefits, which reflect our values and ideals. Please note that additional benefits may apply depending on the work location and, for more information on these, you can ask in the later stages of the recruitment process.

Fully remote working environment - weve been working remotely since 2004!
Personal learning and development budget of 2,000USD per annum
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual holiday leave
Parental Leave
Employee Assistance Programme
Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues at sprints
Priority Pass for travel and travel upgrades for long haul company events

About Canonical
Canonical is a pioneering tech firm that is at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open source projects and the platform for AI, IoT and the cloud, we are changing the world on a daily basis. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence - in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do.
Canonical has been a remote-first company since its inception in 2004. Work at Canonical is a step into the future, and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game. Canonical provides a unique window into the world of 21st-century digital business.
Canonical is an equal opportunity employer
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote 
 