We are looking for an engineering manager for our Ubuntu Quality Engineering team, with a mission to take Linux distro quality to a new level through automation and large-scale data analysis.
As the Ubuntu Quality Engineering Manager, you must be passionate about the future of Ubuntu, mindful of the dynamics of the open source ecosystem, and equally aware of mission critical requirements. You will work closely with the various teams involved in creating Ubuntu and influence their practices to improve quality in every step of Ubuntu engineering. Your goal is to rethink the way a Linux distro approaches quality - bringing together automation, third-party analysis tooling, feedback loops from the community and user base, and our own test capabilities. Your team will monitor, develop and improve the quality of the Ubuntu System, to drive quality excellence and best devops practices among Ubuntu Desktop, Server, Containers and VM at package, system and cluster levels.
As an engineering manager at Canonical your role is technical but your focus is your team. You are expected to help them grow as engineers, do important and satisfying work, and work well with colleagues and community. Technical leadership experience and a background in software engineering are necessary prerequisites for this role. You will be expected to lead, challenge, and develop strong engineers, positively influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution.
What youll do

Set and manage expectations with other engineering teams, management, and external stakeholders
Advocate and advance modern, agile software development practices
Develop and evangelize great engineering and organizational practices
Setup and maintain continuous integration for all supported deliverables
Define and monitor quality metrics
Develop a team with a culture of high quality and performance
Work from home with international travel twice per year for up to two weeks

Who you are

You have a strong software engineering, Linux, and open source background
Your technical knowledge includes CC, Python programming and Shell scripting
You have experience with data science to support data-driven quality strategies 
You have experience with quality processes and continuous integration tools and principles
You have engineering management experience and enjoy growing people

Valued additional experience

A good understanding of Debian packaging and snaps will be valuable
Familiarity with an agile development environment

We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products.Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-Remote stack