Canonical Ubuntu is the most widely used OS for public cloud instances across every major public cloud. Our team builds, tests, and publishes the base Ubuntu images used by millions to ensure optimal performance and security in their cloud estate. We aim to deliver the very best public cloud VM experience, as well as specialized images for specific purposes on each cloud.
We work closely with Amazon, Microsoft, Google and other world-class cloud partners to optimise Ubuntu for their infrastructure. Our goal is to celebrate and enable their particular points of differentiation on their clouds, while also ensure a common operating experience for their users.
As an engineering manager you need to bring both technical and management skills to the leadership of your team. You will also need to represent the team in direct partner engagement. Youll be responsible for the stability and functionality that our cloud users have come to expect. You will strive to automate the delivery of existing and new Ubuntu image products applied to all modern workloads from web servers to GPU-aided AI for servers, VMs and containers.
As an engineering manager at Canonical your primary responsibility is to the people you support: ensuring that they are growing as engineers, doing valuable work, and generally having a great time at Canonical. As a lead for strong engineers, technical leadership and a solid background in software development is a must, so that youre able to challenge and grow your team members. You will have the opportunity to influence the culture, facilitate technical delivery, and work with your team on strategy and execution.
We work in Python and Golang, and expect engineering managers to be fluent in the language, architecture and components that their team is building with. Code reviews and architectural leadership are part of the job. As manager, the commitment to healthy engineering practices, documentation, quality and performance optimisation are equally important technical responsibilities, as is the requirement for fair and clear management, and the obligation to ensure a high performing team.
What youll do

Build and lead a team of engineers in your and similar timezones
Develop talent through coaching, mentoring, feedback and hands-on career development
Demonstrate sound engineering principles and directly contribute toward your teams goals
Set and manage expectations with other engineering teams, management, and external stakeholders
Lead modern, agile software development practices
Ensure a healthy, collaborative engineering culture in line with the company values
Be an active part of the leadership team and collaborate with other leaders in the organisation
Build automated, highly reliable image delivery, testing and publication pipelines
Engage with many other teams at Canonical, as well as the open source community and commercial partners
Work from home with global travel up to 15 for internal and external events

Who you are

You love to mentor, develop and grow people, and have a track record of doing it
You are knowledgeable and passionate about software development
You are focused on success and the delivery of timely, high quality software
You have experience and commitment to agile development methodologies
You have a Bachelors or equivalent in Computer Science, STEM or similar degree
Software development experience in Python or Golang
Effective written and verbal communication skills
Practical experience with at least one of Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, or AWS

What Canonical offers:

Personal learning and development budget
Annual compensation review
Recognition rewards
Annual leave
Priority Pass for travel
Parental leave

Canonical is a growing international software company that works with the open-source community to deliver Ubuntu, the worlds best free software platform.Our services help businesses worldwide reduce costs, improve efficiency and enhance security with Ubuntu.
We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity we will give your application fair consideration.
LI-remote
Stack