
Delivery Manager (Insrurance)
A Word About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cuttingedge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.
At Capco, you will play a pivotal role in leading and managing large scale insurance consulting programs, providing strategic guidance and shaping solutions to address the unique challenges and opportunities in the insurance industry. Leveraging your extensive industry knowledge, program management skills, and stakeholder management expertise, you will drive impactful initiatives and change that contribute to our clients success.
Key Responsibilities:
 Lead and oversee large-scale complex insurance digital transformation programs, ensuring they are executed successfully delivering value to our clients whilst ensuring on time and budget delivery.  Lead large multi-disciplinary teams to deliver against client requirements and to solve their challenges. Ability to take unstructured problems and challenges and apply appropriate frameworks and structure to break them down, develop structured plans, communicate with senior stakeholders and then execute against those plans.  Develop trusted relationships with key decision makers across client organizations.  Act as an insurance delivery subject matter expert and trusted advisor to clients and team members.  Manage project initiation activities including due diligence, contracting, risk assessments etc.  Effectively communicate program status, outcomes, and recommendations to senior executives and key decision-makers.  Monitor project progress, identify potential issues and lead teams to take proactive measures to mitigate risks.  Identify new business opportunities within existing client relationships and contribute to the growth of the Insurance capability.
Key Requirements:  Extensive experience (10 years) in the insurance industry, with a strong understanding of insurance products, operations, systems and the market.  Consulting experience is highly desirable, demonstrating the ability to work in a fast-paced, client-focused environment.  Proven track-record of successful project delivery of large, complex technology and Insurance projects.  Rich functional and industry knowledge with an ability to diagnose complex client issues and develop appropriate recommendations.  Exceptional leadership and interpersonal skills with the ability to influence and build relationships at all levels.  Proven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment.  Experience leading technical project teams and consultants.  Solid understanding of quality management and application of quality principles in projects, code and product quality management.  Ability to set clear expectations, manage team performance and build high performing teams.  Spoken and written proficiency in both English and Thai.
