
Job Title: Data Privacy SME
 About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery.  
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
Job Title: Data Privacy SME
Location: Bangalore  Chennai
Experience: 10-17 years
Capco is looking for innovative and creative people to join our Business Analyst Team. We are looking for (Job Title) to work on all aspects of project delivery engaging a complex stakeholder group across multiple global regions  product lines to execute global change programs in the Investment Banking domain. This includes business analysis, requirements gathering and documentation, driving technical design and specifications in partnership with IT, functional test strategizing and execution, and user acceptance testing coordination. Must possess strong relationship management skills and be able to manage requirements and testing across Ops and IT teams both cross-division and globally. Role is focused on projects to support the development of regulatoryindustry driven changes.
Data Privacy SME

Subject matter expertise on Data Privacy, Privacy Data Management Framework, Data Sovereignty Risk Management and Records of Processing Activities as well as Standards
Collaborate with Business and Technology teams to elicit requirements and perform data privacy assessment on the current state, policies, procedures, risks, controls, data management and third party controls to check compliance with laws, regulations, and internal standards
Setup the processes to review and update policies, guidelines and procedures based on internal changes or external regulatory mandates
Design or enhance the Privacy framework to ensure compliance with internal policy, laws and regulations
Define KPIs, track and report metrics
Design dashboards and visualisations to facilitate reporting and enable decision making
Conduct workshops to gather requirements, to drive tooling and automation requirements
Data privacy certifications are desired (CIPP, CIA, CISA, CISSP, CISM),
Experience in Agile projects and knowledge on tools such as JIRA, Confluence, etc
Review and provide feedback on project documents to aid creation of business strategy, frameworks, development standards and test plans
Self-starter with strong self-management skills, team player, strong oral and written communications skills.

