Job Title: SDET Automation Tester- Investment Banking Wealth Mgt Capital Mkt
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery.  
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
Location - Bangalore
Years of experience- 4yrs
Technical Requirement:

Gauge Test Automation Framework to be implemented as a BDD
The ability to develop complex automation code.
Web-services and API testing using RestAssured.
End to end automation testing using latest tools. (e.g. Postman, Newman)
Various OO programming languages (Java preferred).
Various Web (HTTPHTML) and Web Services protocols (RESTfulSOAP).
Testing analysisdesign, planning and execution.
Creating and maintaining Behavioral Driven Development (BDD) test scenarios.

Roles and Responsibilities: 

Understanding the business requirements and Ownership of testing Che functionalities to ensure it meets the requirements.
Work in Agile environment and should be able to use DevOps tools for automating the testing.
Demos to Operations End Users on the new features and shares test results with all stakeholders, ensures End user Quality of the product.
Periodically reviews the scripts and optimizes the test pack as per the latest builds new technology stacks.
Builds overaII test strategy. Should be able to liaise with Manager Leads and Operations Business to capture Functional and Non — Functional requirements to build an overall test strategy for the program.
Builds Test Data Management strategies.
Partner with global stakeholders and to ensure high quality delivery.

If you are keen to join us, you will be part of an organization that values your contributions, recognizes your potential, and provides ample opportunities for growth. For more information, visit www.capco.com. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.