ABOUT CAPCO
Capco is a global technology and management consultancy dedicated to the financial services industry. We combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge, to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery and managed services to move their organizations forward.

We specialize primarily in banking  payments, capital markets, wealth  asset management and insurance
We have a collaborative and efficient approach
We help our clients successfully innovate, increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce costs and enhance controls
We serve our clients from 32 offices across the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific

If creativity and innovation are your passion, then Capco is right for you. You can grow in an inclusive, diverse and collaborative environment. At Capco, we will train and support you to help accelerate your career.
YOUR CAPCO DAY

Participate in exciting projects for our existing and new clients in the Banking industry.
Involvement in developing revolutionary tools from idea to code together with onsite, nearshore and offshore teams.
Supporting the specialist departments in the creation of requirement specifications for solution approaches, taking into account the ergo technical system requirements.
Development of the technical basics for the creation of project orders.
Analyzing the overall context of business processes, organizational structures, IT and material resources and identifying weaknesses.
Developing proposals for solutions and decision-making bases on the basis of the requirements determined.
Translating business requirements into technical requirements.
Processing change requests from clients and project committees and preparing the corresponding decision-making basis for the further procedures.
Preparing quality assurance measures in accordance with the specified requirements.
Evaluate and validate operational solutions with respect to project specifications.
Creating test cases; assessing and monitoring user tests.
Communicate with internal and external stakeholders and present the results of this communication.

YOUR CAPCO-FIT

Bachelors degree in finance, computer science, or a related field. A Masters degree or professional certifications (e.g., CFA, FRM, ITIL) is a plus.
Proven experience in the trading industry, preferably within the Swiss financial sector.
Solid understanding of trading systems such as FrontArena, Murex etc.
Programming experience with Python or CJava.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to troubleshoot and resolve complex technical issues in partnership with the traders and users.
Experience in IT delivery projects, agilescrum experience is highly valued.
Implementation experience including familiarity of agile and cloudin-prem projects.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with stakeholders across departments and adhere to Swiss regulatory guidelines.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment and manage multiple priorities simultaneously, while following Swiss financial industry standards.
Excellent communication skills in English and German coupled with presentation skills.

WHY CAPCO
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, flexible working hours, technical and soft skills training, smartphone  fast mobile internet and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.
 
READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEPS?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.