
Capco, a Global Business and Technology Consultancy dedicated solely to the Financial Services industry. Our professionals combine innovative thinking with our unrivalled first-hand industry knowledge to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, and managed services to move their organizations forward.
Benefits of working for Capco:

Technical and soft skills training, professional certifications, full access to the Udemy online learning platform
Private health care, sick days, employees vacation  25 days per year, regardless of the age
Cafeteria provided by the Benefits plus services (50 EUR monthly) andor contribution to 3rd pillar
Fully paid meal vouchers
Smartphone and internet with 1.000 GB of data, laptop
Home-office friendly: we provide flexibility to work remotely from the home office, as well as from our office in Bratislava - Nivy Tower (Fresh fruit, relaxing zone, game room  table football, PS4, pet friendly office)
We care: we support the well-being of our employees (Yoga lessons, mental health webinars - Liga za duevn zdravie), team sports activities  e.g. running challenges, multisport card, participation on the volunteering days

 
Wage

from 1.400 EUR (salary will be adjusted based on previous experience)
annual bonus  benefit package

 
Role Description:
As Digital Marketing Analyst, you will be a key part of Capcos digital marketing strategy team. You will prepare and upload written and multimedia content for online publication andor client distribution on Capco.com, social media, email marketing tools, and marketing automation channels to create an engaging experience for visitors to Capco.com. 
As the role involves all aspects of web page building and production, website content management, social media management, and digital analytics, it is a great opportunity for someone looking to develop a career in digital marketing.
 
About the Team:
The Global Marketing Team provides strategic vision to support Capcos business goals and objectives worldwide. Our global team of 30 marketers includes marketing strategists, designers, content produces, animators, and press and internal comms experts.
What youll gain from the role:

Experience with building and publishing web pages using our website content management system (Sitecore) 
Expertise with social media platforms, especially LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Facebook, including the ability to prepare engaging social posts and knowledge of relevant communities and data analytics
Experience writing and preparing content for the web, social and email marketing
Proof reading skills and excellent attention to detail 
Experience with web analytics tools including social media monitoring 
Ability to develop and improve upon existing solutions to increase efficiency and productivity
Ability to understand and contribute to Capcos overall objectives and strategy

 
What Youll Bring with You:

Bachelors degree
Experience with social media, web editing and website content management systems are nice to have (this can be from a work setting, university modules or extra-curricular such as university societies)
Excellent verbal and written English communication skills, and a customer-focused mind-set 
Highly organized and able to coordinate and prioritize multiple workflows with attention to detail
Highly motivated and able to work with relatively little supervision 
A desire to promote and enable the positive impact of Capcos thought leadership

 
Recruitment process steps:

Screening call with the Recruiter
TechnicalCompetencies interview with experienced Capco colleague
FeedbackOffer

 
You are important to us! Thats why you get a personal coach at our side who supports you individually. With our start-up mentality and our flat hierarchy, you have every opportunity to place your ideas and to put them into practice. In addition, after work, you have numerous opportunities to expand your internal network and get to know new faces through joint sports activities and team events. Have we made you curious? Then apply now! It takes only 5 minutes. 
If you have any other question related to the position please reach out to me:

  zora.paulikovacapco.com 
 Zora Paulikova  LinkedIn
 
 