At Capco you will work on engaging projects with interesting financial institutions in the world. We offer you opportunities for ongoing learning, a true meritocratic culture and the freedom to be your authentic self at work.
As we grow, you will grow, adding value and making an impact right away.
This is your opportunity to join our Capco Insurance team as a Manager, where you will report to the Partner and will be responsible for the following tasks.
Your role
Commercial: Develop our market share in Insurance and assure that our offers fit the market needs. Play a proactive role in the business development process. This involves prospection, writing and defending proposals as well as account and relationship management at the clientspremises.
Project delivery : You will deliver and lead projects at our clients. Keeping a foot in the field and understanding the current business needs, sectorial difficulties and industrial opportunities are key as a Manager. 
Community: Participate in the growth of the company by assisting in the recruitment procedure, join network events, give trainings, ...
What we look for

At least 5 to 15 years of relevant consultancy experience within the financial industry, preferably insurance
Bachelor or masters degree in a relevant field
Self-starting, flexible, entrepreneurial person, and proven business development skills
Being able to work and liaise with various stakeholders, ranging from very technical to very non-technical, junior up to senior level and C-suite.
You are a creative problem solver with a hands-on approach
Fluency in English, French andor Dutch

What we offer you:

The opportunity to take part in the growth of Capco by developing our Insurance team
A flat, non-hierarchical structure known for its meritocrative way of working, an environment where you learn from trial and error, known for its inclusivity and diversity.
A company that has the potential to grow locally.
An attractive remuneration package, reflecting your experience, including a company car or a mobility budget, net allowances, end-of-year bonuses, health insurance, a mobile phone and subscription, laptop and meal vouchers
Organized individual learning tracks with access to leading online skills development platforms, to onsite and online teachers and to our global experts.
A hybrid (on-siteremote) work environment.
