
Capco, a Global Business and Technology Consultancy dedicated solely to the Financial Services industry. Our professionals combine innovative thinking with our unrivalled first-hand industry knowledge to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, and managed services to move their organizations forward.
 
Benefits of working for Capco:

Technical and soft skills training, professional certifications, full access to the Udemy online learning platform
Private health care, sick days, employees vacation  25 days per year, regardless of the age
Cafeteria provided by the Benefits plus services (50 EUR monthly) andor contribution to 3rd pillar
Fully paid meal vouchers
Smartphone and internet with 1.000 GB of data, laptop
Home-office friendly: we provide flexibility to work remotely from the home office, as well as from our office in Bratislava - Nivy Tower (Fresh fruit, relaxing zone, game room  table football, PS4, pet friendly office)
We care: we support the well-being of our employees (Yoga lessons, mental health webinars - Liga za duevn zdravie), team sports activities  e.g. running challenges, multisport card, participation on the volunteering days

 
Wage

from 1.300 EUR (salary will be adjusted based on previous experience)
annual bonus  benefit package

 
Role Description:
The Learning and Development (LD) function at Capco is constantly evolving in order to support our business and build our talent. This is done by operating as an internal consultancy to add value to our business by attracting, retaining, and developing the best talent.
This role will work to create opportunities for knowledge sharing, enhance quality of learning while providing admin and project support to the LD team. This entails working with key stakeholders internally and externally, auctioning ad-hoc requests, and supporting the regional LD team as required.

End to end training coordination including trainer scheduling, booking rooms or conference calls, managing invitations, participant comms and tracking
Supporting with project planning and logistics for bigger training programs
Communications to wider business on training opportunities via email, LD newsletters  MS Teams posts
Answering common training inquiries from business
LMS (Learning management system) admin
Compiling training reports (e.g. training feedback collation and reporting)
Liaising with external organizations to set up training events such as venues, caterers, trainers
Processing invoices and managing vendor relationships
Ad hoc support for broader LD Team
Back up support to other LD Coordinators in the team
Opportunity to support global LD projects

 
Skills  Expertise

Previous demonstrable success in an Administration role
Good Word, Excel and PowerPoint skills
Excellent written and spoken English
Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills across all levels
Ability to build and maintain relationships and be able to work under pressure whilst ensuring accuracy and maintaining focus
Meticulous ability to plan, organize and coordinate tasks and people
High attention to detail and execution excellence
Proactive and self-managing
Strive for operational excellence and making a personal difference in a fast-paced environment
Client-focused and proactive with a strong mind-set for continuous improvement

 
You are important to us! Thats why you get a personal coach at our side who supports you individually. With our start-up mentality and our flat hierarchy, you have every opportunity to place your ideas and to put them into practice. In addition, after work, you have numerous opportunities to expand your internal network and get to know new faces through joint sports activities and team events. Have we made you curious? Then apply now! It takes only 5 minutes. 
If you have any other question related to the position please reach out to me:

  zora.paulikovacapco.com 
 Zora Paulikova  LinkedIn
 