 
ABOUT CAPCO
Capco is a global technology and management consultancy dedicated to the financial services industry. We combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge, to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery and managed services to move their organizations forward.

We specialize primarily in banking  payments, capital markets, wealth  asset management and insurance
We have a collaborative and efficient approach
We help our clients successfully innovate, increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce costs and enhance controls
We serve our clients from 32 offices across the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific

If creativity and innovation are your passion, then Capco is right for you. You can grow in an inclusive, diverse and collaborative environment. At Capco, we will train and support you to help accelerate your career.
YOUR CAPCO DAY

Advise clients in the definition and development of business solutions, operating models and implementation in the wealth and asset management industry
Engage in all parts of projects, from planning, budgeting, deliverables definition, risk assessment and reporting
Capture client needs, derive transparency on business status and opportunities, help clients in defining the target state
Develop ideas and concepts to reach business objectives through refined business models, improved operating models and implementation
Translate objectives into implementation plans
Work together with the technology teams to translate conceptual business ideas into technical solutions.
Manage dependencies to other projects and work with all relevant stakeholders

YOUR CAPCO-FIT

BachelorMasters degree in Finance, Economics, Engineering or similar
At least 3 years of banking or consulting experience with a focus on wealth and asset management
Solid understanding of the value chain in wealth andor asset management
Can-do attitude  strong passion for business improvement and change finding joy and motivation in creating something new
Strong conceptual, analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to resolve complex issues
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with different stakeholders across departments
Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment and manage multiple priorities simultaneously
Fluency in English and German

WHY CAPCO
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, flexible working hours, technical and soft skills training, smartphone  fast mobile internet and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.
 
READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEPS?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.
 