About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery.  
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
Job Title: C .NET Core Azure Engineer
Location:  Pune
Experience: 7-15 years
Role Description

Working with real-time messaging platforms, preferably Kafka, but can be another such as MQ
Containers, preferably Kubernetes (AKS)
Microservice and Event-Driven architecture
Trading  trade cycle experience in either Investment Banking, Asset Management or Wealth Management would be a plus
C .NET Core Engineers with Azure experience to support the evolution of the applications to deliver a modern, first-class, cloud-based platform to end users.

Requirements And Skills Needed

C
.NET Core
Microservices
SQL Server and or Azure SQL
Azure Functions
Architectural design patterns and how these are applied practically in code implementation

If you are keen to join us, you will be part of an organization that values your contributions, recognizes your potential, and provides ample opportunities for growth. For more information, visit www.capco.com. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
 