Generative AI Lead (GenAI)
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
ABOUT US
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector.
We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We are:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

What were looking for:
We are looking for a Generative AI Lead to join our Data Analytics and AI team. You will be part of the GenAI workforce, responsible for defining strategy for Generative AI internally, and also helping shape and execute clients AI transformation agendas. You should have a strong background in machine learningdeep learningAI and software engineering, and extensive professional experience as either as a consultant or similar advisory corporate role. 
Responsibilities

Identify critical business problems that could be solved using Generative AI
Define strategy for Generative AI and how to apply it
Lead the design and build, and be responsible for engineering innovative GenAI products together with our cross-functional team
Continually iterate and scale Generative AI products, whilst listening to the needs of the clients. Create technical standards and blueprint for AI scenarios.
Educate the organization both from IT and the business perspectives on Generative AI.
Mentor and nurture other engineers to help them grow their skills and expertise

Essential skills to succeed

Experience working with large-scale language models
Rich understanding of language models and transformers, vector stores and search algorithms
Large-scale ETL development and engineering experience of high performance, large-scale ML systems
Strong working knowledge of modern software development methodologies and software design pattern (e.g. end-to-end CICD process)
Ability to communicate technical concepts effectively to client and partner teams.
Confidence to convey technical advice and guidance to clients.

Bonus points

Financial services industry experience
Experience building applications and use appropriate prompting on generative AI models.
Pytorch, TensorFlow experience
You are a contributor to opensource and always thinking out of the box tooling, using and standardizing with methods of creating APIs , MLOps automation and more.
Cloud fundamental or architecture accreditations

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement
