 
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery.  
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
Location:  Pune
Experience -10
 
Job Description: SQL Server Database Administrators are responsible for the implementation, configuration, maintenance, and performance of critical SQL Server RDBMS systems. Their main goal is to ensure the availability and consistent performance of various corporate applications.
We are looking for an experienced SQL Server DBA to join our team. As a SQL Server DBA you will be responsible for the implementation, configuration, maintenance, and performance of critical SQL Server RDBMS systems.
SQL Server Database Administrator Responsibilities:
 Manage SQL Server databases.
 Configure and maintain database servers and processes.
 Monitor systems health and performance.
 Ensure high levels of performance, availability, sustainability, and security.
 Analyze, solve, and correct issues in real time.
 Provide suggestions for solutions.
 Refine and automate regular processes, track issues, and document changes.
 Assist developers with query tuning and schema refinement.
 Provide 24x7 support for critical production systems.
 Perform scheduled maintenance and support release deployment activities after hours.
 Experience as a SQL Server DBA or similar role.
 Experience with MY SQL Server Administration experience required.
 Experience with Performance Tuning and Optimization (PTO).
 Experience with backups, restores and recovery models.
 Experience of High Availability (HA) and Disaster Recovery (DR) options for SQL.
SQL Server Database Administrator Responsibilities:
 Experience with Windows server, including Active Directory.
 Sense of ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on the companys success.
 Critical thinker and problem-solving skills.
 Team player  Good time-management skills.
 Great interpersonal and communication skills.
 MCTS, MCITP, andor MVP certifications a plus.
Experience in Oracle DBMongo DB Administration is an added advantage.
 
If you are keen to join us, you will be part of an organization that values your contributions, recognizes your potential, and provides ample opportunities for growth. For more information, visit www.capco.com. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
 