 
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery.  
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
Location:  Pune
Experience -10
 
 
Job Description: We are looking for an experienced MongoDB developerDBA who will maintain MongoDB databases while optimizing the performance, security, and the availability of MongoDB clusters. 
Mongo Database Administrator Responsibilities:
 Experience in optimizing insertions of large amounts of data.
 Experience with Big Data solutions like Hadoop.
 Experience designing systems that deal with large data sets and a huge volume of transactions.
 Experience with DevOps automation tools such as Puppet, Ansible  any other relevant tools.
 Experience with Microsoft Azure, AWS, Google Cloud Platform desirable.
 Experience with other NoSQL Databases like Cassandra, Amazon DynamoDB, CouchDB.
 Passionate about embracing new database technologies.
 Demonstrate analytical, problem-solving, presentation, and interpersonal skills to handle various critical situations.
 Exhibit strong problem-solving skills and communications skills to handle critical circumstances well.
 Considerable hands-on experience in architecting web portals.
 Determine tools to be used for the projects and set coding standards.
 Experience in working with a LinuxUNIX or Windows environment.
 Experience in developing scripts to automate frequent tasks.
 Familiarity  Experience with sharded clusters
 Knowledge of best patterns and practices for designing document schemas
 Good grasp of MongoDBs aggregation framework
 Experience with back-end runtime language or framework, like Node.js or .NET Core MongoDB driver. Experience in Oracle DBSQL Server Administration is an added advantage.
 
 
If you are keen to join us, you will be part of an organization that values your contributions, recognizes your potential, and provides ample opportunities for growth. For more information, visit www.capco.com. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
 