Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
About Capco
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We are:

Experts in capital markets, banking and payments and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

Role Description
We are currently looking to recruit Consultants and Senior Consultants who can make a significant contribution to supporting clients in delivering good outcomes for their customers. The role will entail working across all types of financial institutions in the market to support them to navigate and deliver against key consumer duty regulatory objectives. This would range from:

 Compliance within regulatory obligations against tight deadlines
 Consumer Duty embedding
 Customer experience and User Experience
In order to support our clients, we need people with strong change management experience and prior success, either as a management consultant or within a change role in a financial services institution.
This role allows you to deliver as part of a long-term strategic partnership with our clients, whilst developing within a forward thinking and entrepreneurial business.
Skills  Expertise
 Experience of delivering good customer outcomes andor working within the Consumer Duty space
 Quality assurance or Outcome Testing experience
 Demonstrate decision making using a holistic approach
 Identify inherent, current and emerging risks
 Identify regulatory breaches, operational incidents, training gaps or process failures
 End to end outcome testing
 Experience of working within a Risk  control environment
 Depth of regulatory change experience
 Customer remediation and Redress
 Strong customer focus
 Experience of either being part of a skilled person team or being part of the business area S166 programs
 In-depth experience gained in either consulting or industry with exposure to shaping and delivering significant programmes. Key areas of interest include regulatory-driven change, operating model analysis and design to support functional consolidation and integration, and architecture simplification.
 Experience of working within or driving multiple, diverse and complex client programmes and having accountability for managing deliverables andor resourcesteams.
 Self-starter and strong team player.
 Strong interpersonal  written communication skills.
 Strong problem-solving skills and an analytical mind-set.
 Demonstrable expertise in building and leveraging relationships.
 The ability to present to a wide range of stakeholders.

We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement
