Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.
What is the Technology team?
We provide expertise in delivery, architecture and change, supported by growing engineering and digital design teams. We focus on new digital ventures, cloud-native initiatives and devops-enabled agile delivery, working with leading-edge alliance partners to bring real change to our clients.
Were especially proud of our work helping to create and scale new digital banks.
What do we mean by Delivery?
Most of our work in technology involves delivering change effectively. In 2021, that means using all of the forward-looking tools, technologies and iterative ways of working to get the work done - continuous delivery, test-driven development, devops etc.
We help our clients to transform their own delivery capabilities, we help to assess, improve and deliver clients in-flight programmes, and we deliver solutions to clients.
We want to be the obvious consulting choice for FS clients who understand modern delivery and want to make it happen.
So what does the Delivery Lead do?
The Delivery Lead is a technology enthusiast who is completely comfortable with leading-edge devops-enabled delivery, and who can inspire our clients and our own people. They will be able to

engage with forward-looking CIOs to improvetransform how their delivery teams work
review and improve in-flight delivery programmes
lead complex client delivery engagements
provide internal leadership on hiring, training and communications to keep building the industrys best delivery capability
collaborate with our architects, engineers, digital designers and business consultants to drive our sales and present the best of Capco to our clients.

What skills are we looking for?

Convincing examples of using Continuous Delivery tools and techniques to deliver real change
A good understanding of modern, cloud-based technology architecture
Experience of working in Financial Services, or great relevant experience from elsewhere
The ability to articulate and communicate your vision, approach, opinions
A track record in building successful teams around you.

Why join Capco?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement
