Project Manager  Business Analyst (4-6 Years Experience)  Capital Markets Desirable  Financial Services 
 Location - Glasgow 23 days a week commutable from surrounding areas  (inc Edinburgh etc)
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
About Capco
We are:

Experts in capital markets, banking and payments and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

Role Description
This is a fantastic opportunity for someone who Change Management experience as a Project Manager and Business Analyst within financial services, preferably within Capital Markets  Investments.
The Change professional will participate in a range of execution activities covering project management and PMO, such as facilitating project governance, project tracking and management reporting, as well asanalysis activities such as elicitation of requirements, data analysis, testing , and making recommendations for process optimisation and continuous improvement.
You will have experience in the following;

Project Management including:

Governance: status reporting, administering governance meetings (minutes, actions, meeting material production)
Maintenance of project plans, risk and issue logs
Execution of low-level delivery tasks to facilitate change


Business and Functional Analysis including:

Requirements  Analysis: elicitation of business or data requirements, analysis of large data sets
UAT Testing: production of acceptance criteria and management of UAT testing with the business
Identification and implementation of recommendations for continuous process improvement


MS Excel experience analysing and interpreting data, and production of management information
Capital Markets experience is also desirable including:
Capital markets eco-system and participants. E.g. sell side, buy side, market infrastructure, etc.
Understanding of products -it t can be across Equities, Derivatives, Debt  Fixed Income, Cash  Money Market, rates or Commodities

Understanding of the trade lifecycle from pre-trade, execution, post-trade to Operations, Finance and Risk, Capital Management, Operations, Middle Office, Operational Risk, Liquidity Management and Regulatory exposure in any of the following: MiFID II  MiFIR, Basel III, IBOR, FRTB, CRD  CRR, SFTR.
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement

NEXT STEPS
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, please do not hesitate to apply. We are looking forward to receiving your application.
To learn more about Capco and its people check out the website on www.capco.com
 