About the team: 
CAPCO - US Insurance Practice: We are tasked with helping insurance and financial services providers rapidly evolve to drive innovative products to market quickly, support a growing set of distribution needs, with an emphasis on securely embracing the digital consumer. Our work ranges from business consulting to technology and data delivery, providing a full spectrum of strategic vision and delivery. We leverage our insurance domain expertise in optimizing operations of carriers by defining practical strategy, research, and roadmaps to find the solution best suited to our clients. 
About the Job: 
As a Consultant on the Capco Insurance team, you will work in a fast-paced team setting, alongside industry experts. You will become an expert in cross-functional, end-to-end delivery that spans multiple products. Our people are client facing leaders who combine industry expertise with core consulting skills, such as problem statement framing, root cause analysis, client facilitation and the ability to interface with multiple personality types. You will leverage your learnings and consulting expertise to better understand how to help advance our clients progress towards meeting their evolving needs. 
What Youll Get to Do: 

Design deliverable content to reflect the engagement contract 
Work within a team setting to drive change 
Present findings and recommendations to client leadership 
Support the development process flows depicting pain points in the business process 
Conduct detailed analyses to draw conclusions, and develop pertinent and insightful recommendations 
Facilitate client interviews, client meetings and large workshops 
Build quantitative models and analyze large and complex data sets to generate  support insights 
Assist in the development of hypotheses and modelsmethods to test each hypothesis 

What youll bring with You: 

2 years of experience in Insurance andor in an Insurance Consulting organization (preferably a Life, Annuity, Employee Benefits, Retirement or Property Casualty), regulatory agency, or consulting firm with a clear record of expertise, accomplishment, and impact 
Strong ability to work well in cross-functional teams, including the ability to engage with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Experience advising and delivering change projects as part of a long-term strategic partnership with leading financial institutions 
Strong communication skills with the ability to liaise and influence a range of internal and external stakeholders 
Bachelors degree preferred
Experience with Agile methodologies preferred, ideally with experience using tools such as MS Project, JIRA and Confluence 

Why Capco?  
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation. 
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering. 
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.  
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.  
Ready to take the Next Step?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.  Connecticut Pay Range87,000—105,000 USD