Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.
About the Job: 
As a Managing Principal (Banking Expert), you will partner with our Leadership team to proactively work on business development with a focus within the Banking  Financial  Insurance domain. You will be able to leverage your knowledge  network within the space to sell high value digital consulting engagements. The Managing Principal (InsuranceBanking Expert) will operate within an innovative and agile environment where a self-driven sales professional would thrive. You will work with existing accounts as well as developing projects for new accounts within Thailand.
What Youll Get to Do: 

Develop and execute key growth sales strategies and action plans to achieve targets.
Facilitate and manage the sales process, focus on value proposition and differentiators, provide client insight and feedback.
Pursue digital and data projects within banking and insurance clients
Develop collaborative relationships with clients and their teams and communicate relevant positioning strategies and potential solutions for their clients and prospects.
Actively participate in the proposal development, RFP and RFI response processes for these opportunities
Maintain sales pipeline data for their opportunitiesassist with administration of same
Build and maintain strong relationships with customers and prospects through partnering with them to better understand their needs and growth goals
Collaborate across accounts, industries and domains to address and solve complex problems
Provide visibility into strategic shifts with accounts and budget changes that will impact sales efforts.

What Youll Bring with You: 

Minimum 8 -12 years of professional experience with leading management consultancies for insurancebanking companies.
Experience in developing and leading digital innovation and transformation programs
Should have solid understanding and experience in one or more digital and data capabilities such as data analytics, AI and RPA within insurancebanking industry.
Bachelors degree in Business or a related field or equivalent experience
Strong understanding of Banking  Financial  Insurance industry issues and ability to articulate value propositions internally and externally.
Ability to develop trusted and durable relationships with clients and ecosystem partners across the domain.
Experience collaborating across teams and domains to identify sales opportunities.
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Technically savvy with PowerPoint and Excel with ability to analyse data and conclude business insights.
Highly adaptable, and able to thrive in ambiguous and ever change environments.
Desirable that you have an existing network you can leverage, as well as a track record of sourcing clients through prospecting and networking to win new projects.
Must be able to speak fluent Thai and English
Thai Nationality
