The Full Stack Engineering job is responsible for working across the Technology delivery lifecycle including inception, construction, testing, release and ongoing management of a product or service in a pod within a Technology team. The successful candidate will have a strong background in AI and machine learning, as well as experience in software development and engineering, with a specific focus on LLM applications. Heshe will be a core member of the team and bring Generative AI solution from concept to production.
Responsibilities:

Develop and deploy scalable solutions for Generative AILLM projects into production environment, with end-to-end accountability delivering innovative and effective products meeting stakeholders and customers demand.
 Conduct Proof-of-Concept (POC) and prototyping to explore and validate the flexibility of innovated ideas, including prompt engineering.
Implement data pre-processing and integration pipelines for contextual embedding, with possibility fine tuning LLM models.
Drive adoption of best practices and introduce high standards of coding quality to the team.
Liaise with other engineers, architects and business stakeholders to understand and drive the product or services direction.
Establish a digital environment and automate processes to minimize variation and ensure predictable high-quality code and data.
Create technical test plans and records, including unit and integration tests, within automated test environments to ensure code quality.
Provide performance and accuracy improvement of the Generative AILLM system through experimentation, testing, evaluation, and analysis. 
Provide training and support to business users to help them effectively use the Generative AILLM solutions.
Provide support to DevOps teams working at all stages of a product or service releasechange with a strong customer focus and end-to-end journeys, ensuring they have an excellent domain knowledge.
Working with Ops, Dev and Test Engineers to ensure operational issues (performance, operator intervention, alerting, design defect related issues, etc.) are identified and addressed at all stages of a product or service releasechange.
Work with Ops Engineers to ensure operational issues (performance, operator intervention, alerting, design defect related issues, etc) are resolved and that any design related issues are addressed in a timely manner.
Provide support in identification and resolution of all incidents associated with the IT service, as directed by leadership of the DevOps team.
Responsible for automating the continuous integrationcontinuous delivery pipeline within a DevOps ProductService team driving a culture of continuous improvement.
Keep up-to-date and have expertise on current tools, technologies and areas like cyber security and regulations pertaining to aspects like data privacy, consent, data residency etc. that are applicable.
Accountable for ensuring the design of the product solutions are cost effective and maintained through the agile development lifecycle, managing the flow of the backlog of design activities.

Requirements:

 Minimum 4 years hands on application design or solution architecture experience.
Full stack software engineering capability including front-end, middleware, and backend. 
Strong analytical, design and problem-solving skills, logical and critical thinking, combine with engineering skills putting design into code.
Business knowledge in financial services industry is preferred.
Experience of working in a DevOps focused environment and working in an Agile Team. Flexible and adaptable in accommodating change of requirement and willing to take new responsibilities when necessary.
Excellent team player with ability to work under pressure with minimal supervision. 
Know-how of spinning up quick PoC environment on cloud, container, etc.
Strong engineering hands-on experience with complex enterprise solutions, e.g. design for availability, scalability, operability, resilience, maintainability and ensure they can be implemented.
Familiar with cloud platforms, with experience on at least one cloud platform among Azure, GCP, AWS and Ali Cloud.
Familiar with programming, database technology and their relevant design patterns (e.g. JavaPythonGolangNode.jsrelational DBNOSQL DB).
Capability of using and extending common open frameworks (e.g. Langchain, LlamaIndex, etc.), NLP algorithmspackages (e.g embedding, word2vec, NLTK, Gensim, spacy, etc.) with knowledge andor experience on vector database
Experience managing delivery program over multiple workstreams.
Experience overseeing technology adoption from conception, design, development to production.
Hands on delivery of digital products in a large enterprise.
Fluent in speaking Mandarin, Cantonese and English
Good in Chinese and English writing
