
ABOUT CAPCO
Capco is a global technology and management consultancy dedicated to the financial services industry. We combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge, to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery and managed services to move their organizations forward.

We specialize primarily in banking  payments, capital markets, wealth  asset management and insurance
We have a collaborative and efficient approach
We help our clients successfully innovate, increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce costs and enhance controls
We serve our clients from 32 offices across the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific

If creativity and innovation are your passion, then Capco is right for you. You can grow in an inclusive, diverse and collaborative environment. At Capco, we will train and support you to help accelerate your career.
YOUR CAPCO DAY

Participate in exciting projects for our existing and new clients in the insurance area
Involvement in developing revolutionary tools from idea to code together with onsite, nearshore and offshore teams
Consulting our customers in the insurance environment in areas such as (digital) business models, customer management, data  analytics, platforms  ecosystems, integration and automation, etc.
Supporting various project phases from concept development and requirements analysis to implementation in business and technology
Support in the acquisition of projects and the further development of our service offerings
Opportunity to get involved in our defined growth themes such as Data  Analytics, Customer Management, ESG, Cloud, etc.

YOUR CAPCO-FIT

Most important are the things for which you dont get certificates at university: the desire to tackle and make a difference, result orientation, smart pragmatism, self-discipline, being a role model for others, empathy, and enjoyment of teamwork
Backing up the above qualities with facts from your work experience in consulting or the insurance industry
Interest in data and technology topics, as in the insurance industry almost everything has to do with data and technology. Interest in e.g. Analytics, AI, Cloud, Architecture, System Integration or other IT topics is therefore an advantage
We are a team and we work with our clients in teams. Team skills are therefore very important
Excellent communication skills in English and German coupled with presentation skills

WHY CAPCO
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, flexible working hours, technical and soft skills training, smartphone  fast mobile internet and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.
 
READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEPS?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.
