WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT?
We are a global technology and management consultancy dedicated to the financial services industry. Our professionals combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery, and managed services, to move their organizations forward.
WHY WORK FOR CAPCO?
When you join Capco, you will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, projects that will transform the financial services industry. We offer you opportunities for ongoing learning, a culture thats a true meritocracy and the freedom to be your authentic self at work.
As we grow, you will grow, and you can add value and make an impact right away.
 A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients. Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or broaden and deepen existing expertise. Our Capco Schools and leadership development programs are the heart of our global learning experience. A at, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work on projects with senior partners and directly with clients. Potential opportunities to work in other locations and practice areas. An environment where work, leisure, social and professional life are in balance.  A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic and international culture.
LETS GET DOWN TO BUSINESS
The key role as Third Party Risk Business Analyst is to deliver specific high added value in outsourcing and third party risk management in the financial services industry (banking, market infrastructure, asset management, insurance).
The overall role is focused on the design and delivery of complex outsourcing and third party risk management framework and remediation plans.
More specifically, the job consists in:

Support the design and implementation of third-party risk operating models, identifying, evaluating, and providing solutions to evaluate complex ICT risks
Design policies and procedures that support the successful implementation of TPRM operating models
Design technology enhancement requirements to support third-party risk management processes
Conduct Third-Party Security Risk Assessment Services
Perform cyber risk assessments, incl. review of contracts, SLAs, SOPs, BCM, DRP, exit plans, policies, and materiality levels (substitutability included)
Calculate risk score based on: evidence review discussion outcomes additional scores if applicable
Agree on the risk mitigation plans with vendors and confirm due dates for remediation closure
Follow up on open risks with vendor to confirm completion of mitigation tasks, gather required evidences and perform closure of risks
Provide reporting on a regular basis on key risks, mitigation, progress and vendors conformance to clients security policies
Assist in the selection and tailoring of approaches, methods and tools to support third party risk management service offering
Lead the design, implementation, maintenance, and enforcement of third-party security risk management policies, procedures, and controls
Identify key program level metrics, e.g. key performance indicators (KPI) and key risk indicators (KRI) to measure the effectiveness of the program and measure the risk inherited by the organization
Partner with other stakeholders (Enterprise Risk Management, Procurement, Information Security, Legal) to effectively coordinate the execution of third-party controls and identify technology integration opportunities and lead proof of concept engagements

SHOW US WHAT YOUVE GOT
Definitely show us:

Strong experience of minimum 3 years in all fields of ICT Risks in general and in third party risk management in particular.
Demonstrated expertise within the domain of ICT Risk management or Non-Financial Risk (NFR).
Being able to work and liaise with various stakeholders, ranging from technical to non-technical.
Excellent analytical, reporting and presentation skills.
Exceptional interpersonal, team building, mentoring, and leadership skills with a demonstrated ability to gain the confidence and respect of senior level executives.
Strong understanding of ICT risk management, integration with enterprise risk management, and the integration with business strategy.
Understanding of leading third party risk management platforms and tools including but not limited to ServiceNow, Archer, OneTrust, MetricStream, etc., will be an added advantage.
Fluency in Dutch andor French as well as in English.

Good to show us:

Knowledge of, experience with EBA Guidelines on Outsourcing, or PRA SS221, or similar in nature andor scope of applicability.
Knowledge of applicable related legal  regulatory frameworks, local  European, general  industry-specific.
Experience with third party risk governance frameworks, guidelines  policies design and implementation, training  awareness.
Qualifications, certifications pertinent to ICT Risks Management (data privacy  protection, information  cybersecurity, third party and outsourcing risk management) is a big plus.
Concrete experience, qualifications, certifications as a business analyst.

NOW TAKE THE NEXT STEP
Working at Capco will offer you the platform and the opportunity to solve significant business issues and to contribute to transforming the worlds most innovative financial services and ultimately forming the future of finance in delivering innovative solutions to our clients. In addition to the opportunity to continuously improve your skills, learning and development, Capco offers a competitive remuneration package and rewarding career opportunities.
If you are looking for a new challenge in Financial Services and you want to learn, want to grow, get recognized and contribute, then what are you waiting for?
Life comes down to a few key moments: this is one of them!