Business Analyst - Must have previous experience in Investment Banking  (Glasgow and Edinburgh)
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
ABOUT CAPCO
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.  From day one you will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We are:

Experts in capital markets, banking and payments and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

ROLE DESCRIPTION
The opportunity is to join our fast-growing Investment Banking  Capital Markets Domain as a Business Analyst. The role will entail working with some of the leading financial institutions in the market to achieve compliance within tight deadlines against a variety of different regulatory requirements, cost optimisation and revenue generating projects, working predominately on large scale change and transformation. 
You will have deep Business Analysis experience and prior success as a management consultant or within a change role in a financial services institution. This includes a blend of both capital markets expertise and a practical understanding of the overall project and trade lifecycle. As a well-respected targeted consulting organisation we are seen as a leader with vision capable of driving high quality deliverables. 
This role allows you to advise and deliver change projects as part of a long-term strategic partnership with leading financial institutions. The nature of these roles offers long term deployments and the chance to experience varied change initiatives.  
AS PART OF THE CONSULTING TEAM AT CAPCO, THE BA WILL

Define and write high-level epics, features and stories to create value-driven frameworks that provide required business value
Work with a range of stakeholders to ensure that backlog items incorporate people, process and technology capabilities, dependencies and limitations
Define acceptance criteria, testing needs and research to ensure the work is viable
Understand and apply own work to the user journey and target design
Recommend areas for change and then provide support to the business as the changes develops to ensure continuous improvement
Support teams in an agile lifecycle

SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE

Working as a Business Analyst within Capital Markets  Investment Banking
Deep understanding of products. It can be across Equities, Derivatives, Debt  Fixed Income, Cash  Money Market, rates or Commodities. 
Ability to apply regulatory text to how trading works and to explore an advantage. 
Overall understanding of the trade lifecycle from pre-trade, execution, post-trade to Operations, Finance and Risk. 
Good knowledge of the capital markets eco-system and participants. E.g. sell side, buy side, market infrastructure, etc. 
Regulatory exposure in any of the following: MiFID II  MiFIR, Basel III, IBOR, FRTB, CRD  CRR, SFTR. 
Experience in Capital Management, Operations, Middle Office, Operational Risk, Liquidity Management is beneficial. 

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement

NEXT STEPS
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, please do not hesitate to apply. We are looking forward to receiving your application.
To learn more about Capco and its people check out the website on www.capco.com