ABOUT CAPCO 
Capco is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services and insurance industries. Capco is committed to providing clients with practical solutions. We offer a globally integrated service with offices in leading financial centers across the globe. We have the people, the vision, and the passion.
We are growing through a significant growth journey, now is a very good time to join us as we expand geographically, increase headcount and disrupt the consulting market across APAC with entrepreneurial and agile thinking.
ABOUT CAPCO HONG KONG

We are experts in banking, capital markets, wealth and asset management
We specialize in risk and compliance, regulatory transformation, digital transformation, data management  data analytics, business  finance transformation engagements, and IT transformation and change programs
We are committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent in the market
Our focus is on maintaining our agile and entrepreneurial culture

RESPONSIBILITIES
As a Management Consultant at Capco you will be playing a key role in the delivery of projects, working on client site to deliver large-scale change initiatives for leading clients across Financial Services and Insurance sectors. Fitting that description, you will also need to be supremely motivated person and able to work in a team where clients become colleagues too.
Key for this role is there is requirement to have a background in Financial Services or Insurance within one of our core capability areas:

Digital Transformation
Data Strategy, Data Management  Data Analytics
Business  Finance Transformation
IT Transformation

We are also keen to bring on those from a consulting background in other industries that can then apply these perspectives and techniques to our core sectors and capability.
We are looking for exceptional talent with the following:

Strong interpersonal and influencing skills  and ability to interact with colleagues at all levels in a peer-like way, and achieve goals without direct control over resources
Responsible for delivering projects
Working on client site to deliver change initiatives for leading clients across financial services, including investment banking, retail banking, technology wealth, and insurance,
Strong emerging end-to-end generalist problem solving skills, e.g. Defining and deconstructing problems
Performance requirement gathering, functional requirement, user stories and business process requirement, technology architectures 
Experience in Management Consulting, insurance and financial services preferred 
Prioritizing issues, analysis, and team capacity
Structuring and building quantitative and qualitativeconceptual analyses
Ability to analyse operational and financial data
Manage projects and individuals workstreams
Communicating project statuses to senior management

SKILLS AND EXPERTISE

Minimum 8 years of experience as a management consultant
SME knowledge in Banking  Payments, especially Digital solutions
Diverse problem-solving experience, such as experience with a top management consulting firm or in other generalist problem solving environments across the Banking  Payments Sector
An outstanding ability to analyse problems, apply quantitative analytical approaches, communicate effectively and confidently (both oral and written), work well in cross-functional teams
Strong understanding of Prince 2AgileWaterfall is preferred 
Knowledge of agile ways of working would be an advantage
Openness to an environment of active developmental feedback from peers
Strong experience in using MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint is required
Excellent communication skills in English is essential. Cantonese and Mandarin are an advantage

WHY CAPCO?   
We are expanding our business rapidly across Hong Kong and Asia. You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banking and insurance clients in the world, projects that will deliver significant transformation and change.
We offer:
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers  we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm.  We warmly value diversity and inclusion and embrace our collective uniqueness  our culture is a strong, fresh, and invigorating difference from our competitors.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a pension scheme, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
 
READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEP? 
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant