About the Team: 
Capco is a global business and technology consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
Capcos Wealth  Asset Management practice welcomes industry change as an opportunity to transform the way wealth and asset managers service their clients. As technology advances and generations evolve, wealth managers must embrace innovation to stay relevant and compete with their peers. At Capco, we combine deep expertise with practical industry know-how to help our clients confront some of their most pressing challenges. Our unparalleled experience generating digital strategies, defining client user journeys, creating operational efficiencies, and driving product innovation have made us sought after thought leaders in the financial services industry.
Our global team of specialized consultants partners with a wide array of wealth managers, asset managers, and FinTech companies. We offer end-to-end solutions that bring scale, efficiency, revenue, and customer satisfaction so that our clients can emerge as industry leaders.
About the Job: 
As a Senior Consultant in the Wealth  Asset Management practice, you will work in a fast-paced team setting alongside industry experts on cross-functional projects that span various products, platforms, and services. You will leverage core consulting skills such as problem statement framing, root cause analysis, process rationalization, and communication strategies to effectively advise and guide our clients.
What Youll Get to Do:

Be part of strategic client engagements with a concentration on automation, digitization, and growth transformation in the Wealth and Asset Management space
Work on a variety of project types including, but not limited to: defining client user experiences, driving product innovation, developing engagement and adoption strategies, creating technologicaloperational efficiencies through automation
Independently manage small to medium size transformationchange delivery projects
Learn and apply Capcos capabilities around design thinking, rapid prototyping, and agile development in your engagement with existing and potential clients
Build new solutions, toolkits, documents, and consulting approaches that can be applied across Capcos Wealth  Asset Management practice
Create thought leadership content on cutting edge concepts disrupting the financial services industry

What Youll Bring with You 

4 years of professional experience working in financial services, specifically in wealth management
Management consulting experience highly preferred
Strong financial services knowledge including, but not limited to: investment management, financial advising, investment platforms, fund administration, asset allocation, asset management
Experience working on transformationchange delivery projects highly desired
Ability to work well in cross-functional teams and understand large programs
Ability to communicate in both written and verbal forms with confidence and clarity
Strong analytical skill with respect to business management and problem solving
Ability to effectively lead team members to ensure the completion of project deliverables with requisite quality and in a timely manner
Advanced MS Excel and MS PowerPoint skills
Agile experience is a plus
Bachelors Degree 

Why Capco?
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.
Ready to take the Next Step?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory. New York Pay Range106,000—140,000 USD