ABOUT CAPCO
Capco is a global technology and management consultancy dedicated to the financial services industry. We combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge, to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery and managed services to move their organizations forward.

We specialize primarily in banking  payments, capital markets, wealth  asset management and insurance
We have a collaborative and efficient approach
We help our clients successfully innovate, increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce costs and enhance controls
We serve our clients from 32 offices across the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific

If creativity and innovation are your passion, then Capco is right for you. You can grow in an inclusive, diverse and collaborative environment. At Capco, we will train and support you to help accelerate your career.
 
YOUR CAPCO DAY

As an M365 specialist, you would be responsible for initial setup  configuration, management, optimization, and knowledge transfer to incumbent teams for Microsoft 365 (formerly known as Office 365) for various organizations across BFSI.
You must have a deep understanding of the platforms capabilities and features, as well as the technical skills to deploy, configure, and troubleshoot the various M365 services.
Track budget consumption, its allocations and forecast.
Facilitate communication and coordination between all the different IT teams, as well as the business counterparts.
Provide visibility on the project progress to senior stakeholders.

 
YOUR CAPCO-FIT

Strong Technical Background: A thorough understanding of Microsoft 365 services and its features, including Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, OneDrive for Business, Teams, and other applications.
Excellent Communication and Interpersonal Skills: Strong communication skills to work with across teams to implement and manage solutions;  Strong ability to interact with business stakeholders to understand their needs and provide simple solutions to their problems.
M365 Administration: Ability to manage and support Microsoft 365 environments with strong knowledge in M365 administration tools, including PowerShell.
Troubleshooting skills: Ability to identify and troubleshoot issues in M365, including Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, OneDrive for Business, and Teams.
Security and Compliance: Knowledge of Microsoft 365 security and compliance features and best practices.
Demonstrable experience(s).
Fluent French and English language skills.

      Nice to haves:

Problem-Solving Skills: Capability to analyse and solve complex problems.
Analytical Skills: Ability to analyse data and provide insights to business stakeholders.
Project Management Skills: Proficiency in project management methodologies and tools.
Continuous Learning: Demonstrate your approach, with evidence, on how you stay up to date with new M365 features and technologies while maintaining awareness of other relevant industry trends.
Certifications: Microsoft 365 Certified: Enterprise Administrator Expert, Microsoft 365 Certified: Security Administrator Associate or Microsoft 365 Certified: Modern Desktop Administrator Associate.

 
WHY CAPCO?
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or  ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including up to 30 vacation days, 40 hours workweek  flexible working hours, technical and soft skills training, smartphone  fast mobile internet and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.
 
READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEP?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.