Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.

We are experts in Banking, Capital Markets, Wealth and Asset Management
We are rapidly expanding our Insurance sector capability
We specialise in Digital Transformation, Data Management  Data Analytics, Business  Finance Transformation engagements, and IT transformation and Change programmes
We are committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent in the market
Our focus is on maintaining our agile and entrepreneurial culture

ABOUT THE JOB
As a  ConsultantSenior Consultant, you will be part of a Capco team working with clients in the Banking andor Wealth space. You will be responsible for analysis, design, and consulting support, as well as developing an understanding of our clients strategic direction, issues, and project delivery. You will be the liaison between business and technical users, and work to ensure project timelines and milestones are met. Fitting that description, you will also need to be supremely motivated and able to work in a team where clients become colleagues too.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Develop and evaluate procedures, controls, user requirements and functional specifications to identify gaps between the current state and future state
Create business requirement documents (BRDs)
Analyze, develop and propose enhancements to current business processes, reports and applications in order to optimize system effectiveness
Assist in conducting customer interviews and producing meeting summaries
Produce high-quality verbal and written consulting deliverables (proposals, customer presentations, consulting reports) to effectively communicate project findings

REQUIREMENTS
Key for this role is there is requirement to have a background in Financial Services or Insurance within one of our core capability areas:

Digital Transformation
Data Strategy, Data Management  Data Analytics
Business  Finance Transformation
IT Transformation

We are also keen to bring on those from a consulting background in other industries that can then apply these perspectives and techniques to our core sectors and capability.
We are looking for exceptional talent with the following:

Minimum 4 years of experience as a management consultant, or experience in business analysis and project management.
Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) experience nice to have
A deep understanding of the trade lifecycle and the front to back-office activities is a must
Proven track record of delivering projects within the capital markets space
Diverse problem-solving experience, such as experience with a top management consulting firm or in other generalist problem solving environments across the Financial Services andor Insurance sectors
An outstanding ability to analyse problems, apply quantitative analytical approaches, communicate effectively and confidently (both verbal and written), work well in cross-functional teams
Strong understanding of Prince 2AgileWaterfall is preferred 
Knowledge of agile ways of working would be an advantage
Openness to an environment of active developmental feedback from peers
Experience and capabilities to communicate with client leaders to influence direction and manage expectations
Strong experience in using MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint is required
Excellent communication skills in English is essential. Cantonese and Mandarin are an advantage
Perseverance and pragmatism to solve complex problems
Ability work in fast pace environment while following best practices and company process

WHY CAPCO?   
We are expanding our business rapidly across Singapore and Asia. You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banking and insurance clients in the world, projects that will deliver significant transformation and change.
We offer:
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers  we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm.  We warmly value diversity and inclusion and embrace our collective uniqueness  our culture is a strong, fresh, and invigorating difference from our competitors.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a pension scheme, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 