Job Title: Java Microservices Developer
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery.  
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
Location - Bangalore Mumbai
Years of Exp - 4 Years 
Role Description

Strong Object Oriented software design and development skills, using Java 8
Experience with SQL relational databases such as PostgreSQL and Sybase ASE
Experience with Object Relational Mappers in Java eco-system, such as Hibernate
Experience building RESTful micro-services in Java, using frameworks like Dropwizard or Spring Boot
Experience deploying software using continuous integration pipelines and tooling, such as Git and Kubernetes
Experience following Agile development methodology, including iterative sprints, demos and retrospectives
Some experience of front-end Web development using ReactJS would be an advantage, but is not required

If you are keen to join us, you will be part of an organization that values your contributions, recognizes your potential, and provides ample opportunities for growth. For more information, visit www.capco.com. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.