Senior Business System Analyst
Capco  The Future. Now.
Capco is a distinctly and positively different place to work. Much more than consultants, we are active participants in the global financial services industry. Our passionate business and technology professionals enjoy a unique environment where they are actively encouraged to apply intellect, innovation, experience and teamwork. We are dedicated to fully supporting our world class clients as they respond to challenges and opportunities in: Banking, Capital Markets, Finance Risk  Compliance, Insurance, and Wealth and Investment Management. Experience Capco for yourself at capco.com
Lets Talk About You
You want to Own Your Career. Youre serious about rising as far and as fast as your work and achievements can take you. And youre ready to write the next chapter of your career story: a challenging and rewarding role as a Capco Senior Business System Analyst 
Lets Get Down To Business
We are looking for experienced Senior Business System Analysts.  This role offers the chance to advise and deliver regulatory change projects as part of a fast-paced, long-term strategic partnership with leading financial institutions.
You bring a very good understanding of financial domain products is an advantage.
Responsibilities

Plan, manage, and lead the delivery of detailed system requirements and technical and functional specifications in alignment with standards and frameworks.
Provide technical leadership and work in close partnership with business partners, technology, project teams and stakeholders to plan, elicit, analyze, document, communicate and manage detailed functional specifications.
Liaise between the business  Business Analyst, Technology, vendors, business stakeholders, and other subject matter experts to plan, elicit, analyze, document, communicate and manage system requirements

Skills and Expertise
It will be very useful if you have some or all of the following skills and experience:

8 years of experience as a Technical Business System Analyst
5 years of Data Mapping and Process Mapping
Ability to create user-stories, especially the technical components of the story
Ability to create and assist with test-case and test tools
Strong communication and experience working with both business and technology teams
Ability to interact and provide recommendations to internal business clientsstakeholders, delivery teams, BAs, and SAs on approach and assist with delivery
Experience with Agile methodology
Experience using Jira, Confluence and Bitbucket
Experience with Commercial Banking
Financial Industry of Consulting experience an asset

Now Take the Next Step 
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, then were looking forward to receiving your application.
Capco is well known for its thought leadership and client-centric model that distinguishes it from other consulting firms. Capcos strong technology and digital knowledge base, its global experience of the Financial Service enables us to deliver projects from strategy through to delivery. We are committed to providing new areas of expertise from which our clients will greatly benefit. We have:

Access to industry-focused talent globally
Ability to leverage best-of-breed, innovative products and solutions for complex architecture and large-scale transformation
Extended global geographic market reach
Ability to capitalize on our client footprint and deep domain expertise within financial services

For more information about Capco, visit www.Capco.com.
Capco is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. 
 