About Us
Joining Capco means joining an organization that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can. We believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different.
 
We arehave:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

 
Capco is looking for hardworking, innovative and creative people to join our team. Must possess strong relationship management skills and be able to manage requirements and testing across Ops and IT teams both cross-division and globally. Role is focused on projects to support the development of regulatoryindustry driven changes.
 
Role: Senior Data Scientist (7yrs)
Must to have skills: Python, Pythons numerical, data analysis, or AI frameworks such as NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Jupyter, etc. Advanced SQL skills with SQL Server and Spark 
Location: Bangalore Pune Hyderabad
Looking for only Immediate Joiners
 
Job Description

Excellent programming skills in Python. Strong working knowledge of Pythons numerical, data analysis, or AI frameworks such as NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Jupyter, etc. Advanced SQL skills with SQL Server and Spark experience.
Knowledge of predictiveprescriptive analytics including Machine Learning algorithms (Supervised and Unsupervised) and deep learning algorithms and Artificial Neural Network.
Experience with cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS is preferred but not require
Experience of big data program preferable
Enthusiastic and energetic problem solver to join an ambitious team.
Business analysis skills, defining and understanding requirements
Attention to detail
Ability to communicate effectively in a multi-program environment across a range of stakeholders

 
Why Join Capco?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
 
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture

 