About the team:
Capco is a fully independent, global management and technology consultancy. For nearly 20 years we have combined innovative thinking with deep industry knowledge to deliver business consulting, digital transformation and technology services to Finance and Energy markets. Our collaborative and efficient approach helps clients reduce costs and manage risk and regulatory change while increasing revenues. We are thinkers, innovators, and disruptors. We are small enough to care but large enough to matter.
About the Job:
As a member of the development team, you will help define, establish, and evolve our development capacities. You will be tasked in creating innovative solutions that advance our clients businesses. Youll join a strong and inspiring team of technologists dedicated to improving the design, analytics, development, coding, testing and application programming that goes into creating high-quality software and new products. Youll be tasked with keeping the team and other key stakeholders up to speed on the progress of whats being developed.
What Youll Get to Do:

Write reusable, testable, and efficient code in JavaScript
Experience with React and Node.js
Design and implement of low-latency, high-availability, and performant applications
Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers with server side logic
Implementation of security and data protection
Integration of data storage solutions
Performance tuning, improvement, balancing, usability, automation
Work collaboratively with design team to understand end user requirements to provide technical solutions and for the implementation of new software features

 What Youll Bring with You:

4 years of experience developing rich UIFront-end for user-facing web applications
Strong experience with React, React Native, JavaScript, Node.js, HTML, CSS, and reusable component design.  C experience on the backend. 
Experience leading teams and projects
Experience with data-driven web development
Experience building data visualizations using JS libraries
Extensive use of APIs and strong understanding of HTTP and REST architecture
Experience in developing secure web applications and knowledge of application vulnerabilities
Bachelors degree in Software Engineering, Management Information Systems, Engineering (any type), Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Mathematics or related discipline with a technology focus
Prior Management Consulting experience 

Why Capco?
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.
Ready to get started?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.
 