About the Team: 
Capital Markets is part of Capcos DNA. In fact, the Capco name was inspired by this domain. The Capital Markets team delivers expert consulting skills and deep product and functional knowledge across all areas of the front office, operations, technology, risk, finance and compliance.  Our clients include the largest investment banks, global universal banks and capital markets divisions from regional banks across the country and around the globe. 
Our delivery expertise spans across launching new lines of business, coordinating high-impact regulatory response programs, leading complex integration projects and analyzing the dependencies in an application rationalization effort. We have a consistent track record in helping clients with significant cost reductions and ensuring our clients grow, change and compete.
About the Job: 
As a Managing Principal at Capco you will be playing a key role in the delivery of projects and development of new business opportunities, working on client site to deliver change initiatives for leading clients across Financial Services, particularly the Capital Markets space.
What Youll Get to Do: 

Lead a team of consultants, subject matter experts, and analysts in a fast-paced environment.
Lead and participate on client engagements and prepare clear, concise and accurate reports of findings and recommendations.
Establish and maintain effective relationships with client peers.
Understand and anticipate changing client needs.
Plan and execute projects as needed by client.
Maintain awareness of market trends and present to client leadership.
Actively pursue opportunities to develop expertise, drive innovation and raise visibility of the Capital Markets teams capabilities

What Youll Bring: 

10 years of consulting experience in Capital Markets and Securities related businesses, with specific experience in Capital Markets infrastructure, Risk Management, Finance, or Compliance
Experience working for a management or technology consulting firm required 
Proven track record in project-oriented Change Management and Business Development
Complete understanding of the Trade Life Cycle including pricing, confirmations and any other post trade processes
Full understanding of different types of products and processing requirements for treasuries, corporate and sovereign bonds, munis, ABSMBS, pools, TBAs, structured credit products, money market instruments and repos.
Analytical ability to evaluate the root causes of the problems and aptitude to understand complex workflows
Expert understanding of best practices in market data, regulatory  risk and regulatory change from multiple reference implementations; Excellent operational knowledge across multiple asset classes and traded products
Ability to understand institutional Broker-Dealer businesses, control infrastructure and technology impacts
Proven track record of high-quality delivery across the project lifecycle
Solid stakeholder management, including advising and influencing clients as it relates to processes
Exposure to different methodologies and approaches (e.g., PMP, Prince 2, Agile, Waterfall)
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Proven team leadership experience, people and team development. 
Ability to use their own initiative to take pro-active decisions and make tangible progress
Excellent written and verbal communication skills to varying levels of client stakeholders
Exceptional presentation skills, including the use of MS PowerPoint
Excellent interpersonal and teamwork skills
Ability and flexibility to work on a range of different business areas as a consultant
Bachelors degree

Why Capco?
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
Ready to take the Next Step?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.New York Pay Range186,000—245,000 USD