Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre supported to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can. We believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different.
 
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
 
We arehave:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

 
The Role
This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced recruiter to join an established team. We have highly ambitious growth plans and to help meet this demand we are looking for a well-rounded recruitment professional to join our team to help drive our direct hiring in the business consulting space.
You will work as part of regional in-house team and will be responsible for the end to end recruitment process. This is a varied, exciting and demanding role where you will be required to build strong relationships. It is important for this role that you can work under pressure, have excellent attention to detail and are able to use your own initiative. Capco has a strong emphasis on diversity and inclusion so would look for someone who attract talent through innovative attraction and sourcing strategies.
You will work in a fast-growing, constantly changing environment, where you will be viewed as a true partner to the business consulting areas.
 
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture

 
Your typical day-to-day responsibilities will look like:

Partnering successfully with various leaders within the business to identify their hiring needs and subsequently build suitable talent pipelines.
Engaging great talent across the various open roles within the business  everything from directly sourcing and identifying top talent, through to managing the full hiring process.
Building brand awareness and working on diverse attraction strategies
Be comfortable providing MI and reports
Interviewing at all seniority levels across the business, both on the telephone initially and F2F later in the application process.
Participate and play a key role in assisting the Global Recruitment team to develop, implement and deliver various Recruitment initiatives  projects.
Acting as a Capco ambassador from Day One to offer a consistent and strong candidate experience.

 
It will be very useful if you have some or all of the following skills and experience:

Proven recruitment experience in an inhouse, talent acquisition or RPOMSP environment. Previous background in agency recruitment is also advantageous for working in this fast-moving environment.
A demonstrable background within Financial Services recruitment which will enable you to hit the ground running with the role content, particularly within business consulting and capital markets.
Ability to demonstrate volume direct hiring delivery using a variety of different sources within strongly candidate driven markets.
Demonstrable experience recruiting within an ever changing and fast paced environment  the idea of change doesnt concern you.
Strong interpersonal skills  you will quickly be able to build and develop relationships with both internal stakeholders and external prospective candidates.
High level of aptitude in oral, written and email communication.
An aptitude for problem solving and independent thinking  you will be able to think outside of the box to help deliver requirements.
Strong time management and prioritisation skills.
Sourcing experience with a variety of recruitment tools.
Understanding  having experience recruiting within the financial services andor management consultancy industries would be an advantage.
