ABOUT CAPCO
Capco is a global technology and management consultancy dedicated to the financial services industry. We combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge, to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery and managed services to move their organizations forward.

We specialize primarily in banking  payments, capital markets, wealth  asset management and insurance
We have a collaborative and efficient approach
We help our clients successfully innovate, increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce costs and enhance controls
We serve our clients from 32 offices across the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific

If creativity and innovation are your passion, then Capco is right for you. You can grow in an inclusive, diverse and collaborative environment. At Capco, we will train and support you to help accelerate your career.
YOUR CAPCO DAY

Participate in exciting projects for our existing and new clients in the Banking and Insurance industry
Involvement in developing revolutionary tools from idea to code together with onsite, nearshore and offshore teams
Conduct concise business analysis to define clear business requirements in the Wealth and Asset Management industry
Collaborate with front office teams, such as portfolio managers and traders, to understand their specific requirements and ensure the availability of necessary tools and technology platforms.
Assume responsibility for business and IT modeling through usage of different modeling techniques and notation languages (eg. UML with component and integration diagrams)
Conduct hands-on process modeling using BPMN or other platforms
Prepare regular and comprehensive reporting of progress and issues to key stakeholders
Develop project planning from design to go-live including implementation and testingpiloting
Facilitate communication and coordination between IT teams and business counterparts

YOUR CAPCO-FIT

Bachelors degree in finance, computer science, or a related field. A Masters degree or professional certifications (e.g., CFA, FRM, ITIL) is a plus.
Proven experience in wealth andor asset management, with a focus on infrastructure and front office operations, preferably within the Swiss financial industry.
Solid understanding of systems used in wealth andor asset management such as investment management systems, portfolio management systems, trade order management systems (OMS), and other front office tools, in compliance with Swiss financial regulations.
Familiarity with data management and reporting tools used in wealth andor asset management, considering Swiss data privacy and security requirements.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to troubleshoot and resolve complex technical issues in accordance with Swiss market practices.
Experience in IT delivery projects, agilescrum experience is highly valued.
Implementation experience including familiarity of agile and cloudin-prem projects.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with stakeholders across departments and adhere to Swiss regulatory guidelines.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment and manage multiple priorities simultaneously, while following Swiss financial industry standards.
Excellent communication skills in English and French coupled with presentation skills.

WHY CAPCO
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, flexible working hours, technical and soft skills training, smartphone  fast mobile internet and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.
 
READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEPS?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.