About the Team:
Joining Capco means joining an organization that is committed to an inclusive working environment where you are encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. Capco Cybersecurity is a multi-faceted team focused on the evaluation, strategy definition, and execution of risk-minded solutions for leading organizations across the Financial Services industry. We provide customized results, adapting enterprise risk management strategies to potential cyber pitfalls.  Capco has experience assisting financial institutions leadership on top cyber security priorities through a team with expertise in financial business processes, strategic advisory, cyber programs, and security operations.  
About the Job:
As a Consultant, you will be an active team member on cybersecurity consulting engagements; working on client site to deliver large-scale change initiatives for leading clients across Financial Services, either within Investment Banking, Retail Banking, Wealth andor Insurance. Youll work alongside industry leaders to gain insight and experience as the practice continues to expand.
What Youll Get to Do:

Assist with the design and development of security policies, standards and procedures across various domains (e.g., Identity  Access Management, Security Logging  Monitoring, Data Loss Prevention, Encryption, etc.)
Participate in the development of WhitepapersPoints of View (PoV) and other technical eminence materials
Collaborate with the team to conduct structured data gathering, research, and analysis while evaluating controls to provide relevant recommendations for enhancing current operations
Prepare, facilitate, document, and actively participate in client meetings and workshops
Create high quality presentations and reports to effectively communicate project findings
Participate in the development of new market opportunities that will expand our business, the Capco brand, and our global reach

What Youll Bring with You:

2 years of experience in cybersecurity consulting  industry domains
Working knowledge of one or more industry frameworksstandards cybersecurity and data privacy lawsregulations
Experience in one or more cybersecurity domains including, but not limited to: Multi-Factor Authentication, Encryption, Data Leakage Prevention, Identity  Access Management, Cloud, Suspicious Activity Monitoring, Threat Intelligence, Incident  Crisis Management, Disaster Recovery  Business Continuity, IT Security Organization, Awareness  Training, Penetration Testing
Experience leveraging technologies to discover, inventory, and map data assets across complex environments
Ability to analyze problems, apply quantitative analytical approaches, communicate effectively and confidently, work well in cross-functional teams
Excellent and efficient skills using MS Excel and PowerPoint tools 
Bachelors degree or higher in cyber or information security related field desired
Security certifications highly desired (CISSP, CISM, CISA, CCSP, CCSK, AWS Security, Azure Security, etc.)

Why Capco?  
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.
Ready to take the Next Step  
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory. 