
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We are:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management with deep knowledge in financial services
Transforming the way our clients operate through innovative digital and business solutions
Committed to growing our business and in hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

ABOUT THE ASSOCIATE ENGINEERING PROGRAM
Capcos Associate Engineering Program is the entry point into consulting with Capco and attracts individuals from a range of different backgrounds  from recent university graduates through to professionals with a desire to make a change in their career.
From day one as an Associate Engineering Consultant, you will be given the opportunity to support a wide range of interesting projects. After completing a two-week induction, you will join the Discovery Pod, a scrum team of Capco Engineers that work on continuous learning and upskilling, internal products, customer demos and proof of concept (PoC) projects. You will also support client projects, through which you will help develop and deliver market-changing and innovative solutions and strategies to our regional and global clients. The Capco Associate Engineering Program is designed to equip you with the skills and experience required to become our financial consulting leaders of tomorrow. In addition, the Program will provide:

Unique learning and development opportunities to build up your consulting, banking and domain expertise
An experienced senior coach to support you by providing career advice and guidance throughout your career at Capco
A peer buddy from day one to help you settle in
Rotation across business areas to ensure that you gain insight across our various offerings
Fast career progression - we believe in rewarding success

WHAT KIND OF WORK WILL I DO?
Digital Engineers at Capco work on a wide variety of problems, often on things that have never been tried before. Some of our recent work includes the creation of:

New Banks  we have delivered and are actively building new digital banks from scratch for our global clients.
New Open Banking Services  we played a key role in crafting the open banking regulation and are now delivering it for clients.
Robotic Automation Solutions  we are currently delivering into production several projects using RPA and Machine Learning.
Chatbots  weve developed chatbots using our own NLP engine for Tier 1 UK banks.
New Social Networks  we recently launched a social network for business banking customers for one of our Tier 1 Banking clients.
Blockchain PoC - a Proof of Concept for loan contract exchanges using blockchain technology.

WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR
We are looking for individuals who are degree educated in a computer science or related discipline, who have an interest in financial services and are motivated to work in a fast-paced, challenging and project-based environment. Previous professional experience is advantageous but not limited to those from within financial services. In addition, knowledge of General Cloud Computing Services would also be advantageous, however, as we offer training in specific services, we do not expect you to be an expert in a specific field. We require strong verbal and written communication skills in both English  Thai matched with strong Microsoft Office knowledge.
This is a full-time employment role for students graduating in 2023 or recent graduates.
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other actors within the industry - projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture

We are running rolling recruitment for this intake and will close once the roles are filled. Therefore, early application is strongly advised.
 
