Java Developer
Capco  The Future. Now.
Capco is a distinctly and positively different place to work. Much more than consultants, we are active participants in the global financial services industry. Our passionate business and technology professionals enjoy a unique environment where they are actively encouraged to apply intellect, innovation, experience and teamwork. We are dedicated to fully supporting our world class clients as they respond to challenges and opportunities in: Banking, Capital Markets, Finance Risk  Compliance, Insurance, and Wealth and Investment Management. Experience Capco for yourself at capco.com
Lets Talk About You
You want to Own Your Career. Youre serious about rising as far and as fast as your work and achievements can take you. And youre ready to write the next chapter of your career story: a challenging and rewarding role as a Capco Java Developer.
Lets Get Down To Business
Capco is looking for talented, innovative and creative people to join our Digital Delivery team and deliver enterprise-grade Java applications for our financial services clients. We are looking for experienced Java developers with exceptional Java experience, who can work on multiple projects for different clients to design, develop and support back-end services, integrating with a variety of external services and products exposing restful APIs for a variety of consumer applications. In addition to strong coding best-practices, we are looking for someone who can own their application from development through to deployment due to their strong command of the CICD pipeline.
About the Role
Responsibilities

Recommends and implements solutions based on analysis of issues and implications for the business.
Identifies emerging issues and trends to inform decision-making.
Conducts independent analysis and assessment to resolve strategic issues
Design and implementation of API microservices and backend components
Interacts with key business  technology stakeholders to define, analyze, and deliver requirements that reflect the needs of both the business and end-customers
Supports production issues, includes independently completing root-cause analysis and diagnosis.
Devises new algorithms and data structures for target environment and platform attributes in alignment with architectural patterns.
Builds solutions that are supportable, scalable and achieve our aspiration of common assets.
Designs solutions, writes code, performs unit testing, develops appropriate artefacts  documentation, and facilitates final delivery
Development and unit testing of Java RESTful services that integrates with external client systems
Assisting with DevOps for automated build and automated deployment to a Public Cloud Infrastructure whenwhere necessary
Collaboration as part of an Agile development team, participation in daily stand-ups, identification of blocking and critical path steps
Work closely with the Core Engineering and Product teams, identify and recommend ways to standardize configuration and move towards a generic platform
Preparation of specifications and documentation for all software developed

About You
Capco is looking to hire an ambitious, team-player with Java Development experience
Experience

7 years experience as Java developer
Product experience is preferred
Possess working knowledge with AGILE development, SCRUM and application lifecycle management and possess strong technical skills in Java 8,Spring Boot  Spring Integration, SOAP  RESTful webservices, microservices, SQL, DevOps(CICD), OpenShift Platform (Docker, Kubernetes), Windows  Linux.
Proficiency in using Eclipse, ELK, JUNIT, LOG4i, JIRA, SOAP UI, HP ALM, git bash, maven, POSTMAN.
Strong understanding on Oracle, MongoDB,Spring MVC, Springboot, Git, Maven, Swagger, RAML 
Excellent people skills with ability to lead by example and motivate team members
Ability to discuss and strategize technical solutions to optimize the product configuration
Ability to think strategically and execute tactically, enabling cross-business teams
Ability work in fast pace environment while following best practice and company process
Highly driven and passionate about technology, product development and product success
Ability to understand and communicate complex technical solutions
Excellent oral, listening, and written communication skills
Strong organizational and prioritization skills, Self-motivated, proactive, and driven team-player attitude

Professional experience is important. But its paramount you share our belief in disruptive innovation that puts clients ahead in a tough market. From Day One, your key skill will be to perceive new and better ways of doing things to give your clients an unfair advantage.
Now Take the Next Step
We have:

Access to industry-focused talent globally
Ability to leverage best-of-breed, innovative products and solutions for complex architecture and large-scale transformation
Extended global geographic market reach
Ability to capitalize on our client footprint and deep domain expertise within financial services

For more information about Capco, visit www.Capco.com.
Capco is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 