We are actively looking for qualified and enthusiastic professionals with a minimum of 2 years of relevant treasury experience.
Your role will involve some of the following key deliverables based on your profile:

Delivering of multidisciplinary projects, either as a Business Analyst or Project Manager.
Analysing business processes and activities to introduce and roll-out the necessary changes to ensure our clients businesses are future proof.
Advising and supporting executives in their decision-making processes to react to the companys strategic and tactical executions and changes.
Contributing in expanding our practice by, e.g., supporting the development of our client service offerings, following up on the latest innovations to create insightful new client pitches, documenting acquired experiences and sharing them within the team. 

What we look for:

Minimum 2 years of relevant experience within corporate treasury or in a financial services function (cash management).
Masters degree, preferably in Economics.
Knowledge of Quantum, Kyriba andor Integrity is an advantage.
Analytical mindset with the ability to critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources.
Organized and structured mindset with an effective know how.
Independent, pro-active with a can-do mentality abiding to the highest code of ethics.
Excellent written and verbal communication, consulting and stakeholder management skills.
Fluent in English, Dutch andor French with a solid understanding of the other language.
Any certification (BPMN, Lean, Six Sigma, AgileScrum, Prince2,...) is welcome.

What we offer you:

The opportunity to join a growing, thought leading, a team of professionals in the Banking domain.
An attractive remuneration package, reflecting your experience, including a company car or a green mobility budget, net allowance, 13th month, performance bonus, health and group insurance, a mobile phone and subscription, laptop and meal vouchers, ecovouchers.
Organised individual learning tracks with access to leading online skills development platforms, to onsite and online teachers and to our global experts.
Hybrid (on-siteremote) work environment.
Good work-life balance.
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients.
Diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture with a focus on the employee.

About Capco:
We are a management and global technology consultancy firm focused on financial services, with all major Belgium financial institutions as clients. Our professionals combine innovative thinking with unrivaled industry knowledge to offer clients consulting expertise and business transformation to move their organizations forward.
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different.
To learn more about Capco, visit us at https:www.capco.comcareers