About Capco
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.
Job Requirements

Strong proficiency in front-end technologies such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and related frameworks (e.g., React, Angular, or Vue.js).
Strong knowledge in Node JS, TypeScript, JavaScript
Familiarity with RESTful API, GraphQL, gRPC
Knowledge of code versioning tools (e.g., Git) , DevSecOps, CICD pipelines.
Familiarity with Cloud, Container
Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB, SFDC), web servers (e.g. Apache), Application Servers (e.g. JBoss)
Strong sense of UXUI
Strong knowledge on Web Performance optimization and improvement
Strong knowledge of Web Analytics
Superb communication and collaboration skills
Strong leadership as tech lead, coach, and provide recommendations to support business
Ability to translate business use cases into good taxonomy design
Passionate about website usability with great instincts for improving customer support experience Strong program or project management skills.
Strong organizational proficiency and attention to detail Excellent verbal and written communication skills including preparation and delivery of presentations.
workshop design and facilitation Experience working with geographically distributed teams
Demonstrate the ability to independently handle projects and communicate clearly with partner teams
Ability to express ideas clearly, expertly, and diplomatically

Education  Experience

Engineering Degree in Computer Science or related field
At least 7 years experience in software development with specific experience building software applications end to end.
Experienced in business processes and forms solutions
Experience in Banking  Financial Services industry
Experienced in requirement management tools
