WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT?
We are a global technology and management consultancy firm focused on financial services. Our professionals combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to offer clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery, and managed services, to move their organizations forward.
WHY WORK FOR CAPCO?
When you join Capco, you will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world. We offer you opportunities for ongoing learning, a true meritocratic culture and the freedom to be your authentic self at work.
As we grow, you will grow, adding value and making an impact right away.

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients.
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or broaden and deepen existing expertise.
Our Capco Schools and leadership development programs are the heart of our global learning experience.
A at, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work on projects with senior partners and directly with clients.
Potential opportunities to work in different domains and even other locations.
An environment where work, leisure, social and professional life are in balance.
A diverse, inclusive and international culture.

LETS GET DOWN TO BUSINESS
As a Business Process Consultant, you are responsible for leading change initiatives that improve processes and develop new projects to drive operational efficiency, data analysis  customer satisfaction improvement. You will facilitate and lead assigned projects within the financial services industry working with cross-functional teams utilising operational excellence best practices and will be responsible for the implementation of change, from initiation to execution. More specifically you will:

Work closely with clients and the business to identify and analyse core business processes and workflows: mapping of existing processes (AS IS), evaluate AS IS, design TO BE situation, perform a GAP analysis, 
Identify process inefficiencies and areas for improvement through (data) analysis, stakeholder interviews and observation.
Facilitate workshops in order to document processes, collect data, analyse information.
Develop and maintain documentation of processes and workflows, including standard operating procedures and process manuals.
Facilitate process workflow modelling in order to identify possible process improvements, automation capabilities and clearly defined end-to-end use cases.
Generate reports and share necessary information with appropriate stakeholders.

SHOW US WHAT YOUVE GOT
Definitely show us:Background  

You have min 1 to 5 years of relevant experience working in the Financial Services industry or a related field.

Skills  Knowledge 

You can summarize complex processes and steps in an understandable way.
Excellent analytical, reporting and presentation skills.
Strong skills in Process Mapping  Knowledge of BPM.
High level of competence with MS Office and VisioARIS.
Fluency in English, French andor Dutch.

Soft skills 

Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams.
Self-starter with the ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Being able to work and liaise with various stakeholders.
You are a creative problem solver with a hands-on approach.
Ability to adapt to different audiences and levels of stakeholders.

Good to show us:

Knowledge or experience with working in an Agile environment.
Knowledge of Lean Six Sigma methodology.
Experience in Change Management.
Knowledge of Robotic Process Automation and Artificial Intelligence is an asset.
Concrete experience, qualifications, certifications as a project manager, process manager or business analyst.

NOW TAKE THE NEXT STEP
Working at Capco will offer you the platform and the opportunity to solve significant business issues and to contribute to transforming the worlds most innovative financial services and ultimately forming the future of finance in delivering innovative solutions to our clients. In addition to the opportunity to continuously improve your skills, learning and development, Capco offers a competitive remuneration package and rewarding career opportunities.
If you are looking for a new challenge in Financial Services and you want to learn, want to grow, get recognized and contribute, then what are you waiting for? 
Life comes down to a few key moments: this is one of them!