2024 Winter Co-op  Developer 
Capco  The Future. Now.
Capco is a distinctly and positively different place to work. Much more than consultants, we are active participants in the global financial services industry. Our passionate business and technology professionals enjoy a unique environment where they are actively encouraged to apply intellect, innovation, experience, and teamwork. We are dedicated to fully supporting our world class clients as they respond to challenges and opportunities in: Banking, Capital Markets, Finance Risk  Compliance, Insurance, and Wealth and Investment Management. 
Lets Talk About You
You want to Own Your Career. Youre serious about rising as far and as fast as your work and achievements can take you. And youre ready to write the next chapter of your career story: a challenging and rewarding role as Capcos 2024 Winter Co-op student.
What does Co-op offer you?
Capco is looking for a co-op student to join the team from January to April 2024. Our co-op program will allow you to gain valuable work experience in management consulting in the fintech space. As a co-op student, you will work with experienced colleagues, gain a strong foundation of consulting methodologies, personal brand development, and client strategy, be a part of the Be Yourself At Work culture, where you will have an impact and grow on an individual level.
Examples of day-to-day experience include: 

Develop and optimize applications and services that will be used by millions of customers in the FinTech industry
Build reusable code and libraries for future use and follow emerging technologies
Work with Product Owners, Business Analysts and UIUX designers to deliver solutions in an agile environment
Create quality mock-ups and prototypes for customer testing
Leverage, learn and evolve best practices around code development, unit testing, continuous integration  delivery

Professional Qualifications:

Current enrolment in a Technology focused Bachelors Degree (Examples include Computer Science, Software Engineering, Computer Engineering)
Must be enrolled in an accredited co-op program at your school.
Willingness to work in cross-disciplined teams in office, (in-person and hybrid roles).
Languages: Javascript, HTML5, CSS, Java, Objective-C, Swift
FrameworksPlatforms: Node.js, Angular.js, Ember.js, iOS, Android
Database experience: SQL, Oracle, MongoDB
Must be authorized to work in Canada.

 
Core Competencies and Additional Requirements:

Ability to think innovatively and creatively, able to share ideas with confidence
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to discuss complex ideas, develop project deliverables, and present in a coherent manner
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment, with the ability to adapt quickly when necessary
Ability to recognize the importance of constructive criticism and feedback to build on existing strengths and succeed in the future
Ability to think, write and present in a logical and structured manner
Demonstrated ability to work with others in teams
Proven analytical skills and systematic problem solving
Experience working in an agile environment is a plus

Now Take the Next Step  
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, then were looking forward to receiving your application. 
Capco is well known for its thought leadership and client-centric model that distinguishes it from other consulting firms. Capcos strong technology and digital knowledge base, its global experience of the Financial Service enables us to deliver projects from strategy through to delivery. We are committed to providing new areas of expertise from which our clients will greatly benefit. We have: 

Access to industry-focused talent globally
Ability to leverage best-of-breed, innovative products and solutions for complex architecture and large-scale transformation
Extended global geographic market reach
Ability to capitalize on our client footprint and deep domain expertise within financial services

For more information about Capco, visit www.Capco.com. 
Capco is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. 
Application closing date: November 12, 2023