WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT?
We are a global technology and management consultancy dedicated to the financial services industry. Our professionals combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery, and managed services, to move their organizations forward.
WHY WORK FOR CAPCO?
When you join Capco, you will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, projects that will transform the financial services industry. We offer you opportunities for ongoing learning, a culture thats a true meritocracy and the freedom to be your authentic self at work.
As we grow, you will grow, and you can add value and make an impact right away.
 A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients. Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or broaden and deepen existing expertise.
 Our Capco Schools and leadership development programs are the heart of our global learning experience. A at, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work on projects with senior partners and directly with clients.
 Potential opportunities to work in other locations and practice areas. An environment where work, leisure, social and professional life are in balance.  A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic and international culture.
You want to know more? Check www.capco.com
LETS GET DOWN TO BUSINESS
The key role as Cybersecurity consultant is to deliver specific high added value of business  information security advice to the clients in the financial services industry and to design complex solutions and to guide the implementation of these solutions. More specifically you will:
- Commit to following objectives; enable the extended enterprise, counter cybercrime, protect information systems and manage security risks.
- Ensure the client is prepared and their systems are secured in anticipation of cyber-attacks.
- Collect the cyber treat intelligence information or data.
- Maintain core security controls by using threat intelligence data to adapt posture to threats.
- Ensure that business epics are translated into working IT solutions and you create transparency in the forecasted roadmap of the IT delivery.
- Organise the interaction with the DevOps teams in and outside your domain. You align stakeholders within all levels of the organisation, from CIO to engineer and from product owner to internal user.
- Enable sound and formal Information security risk decision making by bank management.
- Generate reports and share necessary information with appropriate stakeholders.
- develop an extensive threat analysis; identify and prioritize threats, execute threat modelling, identify counter-measures (existing or missing ones), operate and populate  a threat knowledge management tool, 
SHOW US WHAT YOUVE GOT
Definitely show us:

Strong interest in all fields of data protection and privacy (legalcompliance, technicalICT and businesshuman)
At least a first solid experience, and expertise within the domain of Cybersecurity
Being able to work and liaise with various stakeholders, ranging from very technical to very non-technical
Preference for transversal and coordinating roles
Excellent analytical, reporting and presentation skills.
Fluency in English and French or Dutch

Good to show us:

Knowledge of, experience with security standards e.g.: ISO 27k-series, 22301, CSA, NIST, PCI DSS
Knowledge of applicable legal  regulatory frameworks, local  European, general  industry-specific
Experience with governance frameworks, ISMS, implementing guidelines  policies, training  awareness
Experience with IAM, BCPDPR, cryptography, anonymization techniques, privacy  risk assessments, audits
Qualifications, certifications pertinent to Cyber Security
Concrete experience, qualifications, certifications as a project manager, process manager or business analyst

Fitting that description, you will also need to be supremely personally motivated to work in a team where clients become colleagues too. We are looking for consultants with experience in the Financial Services area.
NOW TAKE THE NEXT STEP
Working at Capco will offer you the platform and the opportunity to solve significant business issues and to contribute to transforming the worlds most innovative financial services and ultimately forming the future of finance in delivering innovative solutions to our clients. In addition to the opportunity to continuously improve your skills, learning and development, Capco offers a competitive remuneration package and rewarding career opportunities.
If you are looking for a new challenge in Financial Services and you want to learn, want to grow, get recognized and contribute, then what are you waiting for? 
Life comes down to a few key moments: this is one of them!
 