 About Us
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognise that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can. We believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different.
 We arehave:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

 
Experience: 3-9 years 
2-5 years of experience with process management and improvements  the number of years hands on in
this type of role NOT overall experience
 Proven ability to prioritise issues within a large, rapidly changing environment and manage a wide variety
 high volume of tasks while maintaining quality delivery
 Understands the operational environment, processes and controls needed to execute requirements.
Handles sensitive matters with discretion and confidentiality
 A results-driven professional. Proven track record of achieving bottom-line results from process
improvements. Takes ownership to deliver, with a high level of flexibility and a preparedness to roll up
hisher sleeves to get the job done. Proven success in holding individuals accountable for progress
against agreed deliverables
 Outstanding relationship building and management. Ability to engage stakeholders at different levels of
seniority and create followership. Ability to formulate joint win-win agendas and follow them through to
execution
 Strong influencing and communication skills  oral, written and presentation. Proven success in
communicating process terminology in a simple way
 A team player; multi-culturally aware with a proven ability to work in a global service delivery model, with
onshore and offshore resources
 A proven ability to work independently, solve problems and make balanced judgments  decisions
 Demonstrates ability to work with limited direction and multi-task without loss of quality
 Ability to perform the role of Change Transformation Leader
 Confident and courageous to raiseescalate issues in a pro-active, professional, and timely manner
 Demonstrates understanding of and commitment to the Groups core values
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture

 