Compliance Specialist (4 Years Experience)  Compliance, Surveillance  Financial Services
 Location - Glasgow - 23 days a week in the office commutable from surrounding areas 
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
About Capco
We are:

Experts in capital markets, banking and payments and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

Role Description
This is a fantastic opportunity for someone who has previous financial services experience having have worked in control room  trade surveillance and or second line compliance financial crime teams  transaction monitoring  sanctions alert investigations with previous team management  leadership experience.
As a compliance specialist you will participate in compliance and operations monitoring, governance, oversight, and regulatory reporting activities in coordination with compliance and internal control teams. The role of the compliance specialist is to ensure that the firm and its employees conduct business in accordance with UK regulations, including the rules and regulations of the UK regulatory bodies (e.g. PRA, FCA), and other relevant governmental agencies, self-regulatory organizations and internal policies and industry best practices.
Full training on processes, policies and systems will be provided.
Your responsibilities will include and not limited to the following;

Conduct forensic investigation around trading activity.
Review for suspicious activity and potential violations.
Ensure surveillance issues are identified, fully investigated, and promptly escalated in a timely manner.
Participate in and contribute to ongoing projects to develop and enhance the current suite of surveillance models, reports, and tools.
Participate in ad hoc projects as assigned
Monitoring, investigating and closing alerts on the Private Information List Report
Monitoring, investigating and closing alerts on the Restricted List
Performing lookbacks for the Trade LookbacksRestricted Report
Supporting approval confirmations for Sales and Trading Inquiries
Monitoring, investigating and closing alerts on the Watch List Report

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement

NEXT STEPS
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, please do not hesitate to apply. We are looking forward to receiving your application.
To learn more about Capco and its people check out the website on www.capco.com
 
 