Job Title: Sr. Datamart support
 
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery. 
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
MAKE AN IMPACT
 

JOB SUMMARY:

Position:Sr. Datamart support
Band:M3 (7 to 12 years)

Mandatory:

Candidate must have good understanding of overall Murex Architecture
Ideal candidates must good experience in Murex Datamart Reporting Module and should be well versed with configuring of dynamic tables, DM tables, feeder, Batches of feeders, Batches of extractions, Batches of M-report along with Murex best practices.
Experience in risk matrix reports
Good knowledge of simulations
Candidate must be having experience in optimizationDatamart re-engineering.
Candidate must have good experience in databases like SybaseOracle
Candidate must be well familiar with EOD processes.
Candidates must be having basic experience in UnixLinux scripting.
Sound understanding of Capital Market (Treasury)
Candidate with right attitude and willingness to put extrasmart efforts is always welcome.
Good communication and presentation skills
Resource should have good analytical Problem solving skill
Candidate should be a good team player
Willing to work rotation night shifts

 
Nice to have:

Experience in Murex workflowsMXML
Exposure to Market data module (MDCSMDRSRTBSMDML)
Experience in UC4 (job scheduler)

 
WHY JOIN CAPCO? 
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry. We offer:  A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees  Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise  A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients  A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture

 