About the team: 
CAPCO - US Insurance Practice: We are tasked with helping insurance and financial services providers rapidly evolve to drive innovative products to market quickly, support a growing set of distribution needs, with an emphasis on securely embracing the digital consumer. Our work ranges from business consulting to technology and data delivery, providing a full spectrum of strategic vision and delivery. We leverage our insurance domain expertise in optimizing operations of carriers by defining practical strategy, research, and roadmaps to find the solution best suited to our clients. 
About the Job: 
As a Senior Consultant on the Capco Insurance team, you will work in a fast-paced team setting, alongside industry experts. You will become an expert in cross-functional, end-to-end delivery with a focus on Life and Annuity products. Our people are client facing leaders who combine industry expertise with core consulting skills, such as problem statement framing, root cause analysis, client facilitation and the ability to interface with multiple personality types. You will leverage your Life and Annuity product knowledge,  learnings, and consulting expertise to better understand how to help advance our clients progress towards meeting their evolving needs. 
What Youll Get to Do:

Prepare, facilitate, document and participate in client meetingsworkshops conducting structured gathering, research, and analysis
Provide Life and Annuity product expertise in support of product development, actuarial, sales, and distribution
Develop and evaluate procedures, controls, user requirements, and functional specifications to identify gaps between the current state and future state
Business process modelsdesign, logical data models, standards and guidance
Requirements gathering, functional requirements, user stories, and document businessdataapplicationtechnology architectures, requirements and business rules
Create business requirement documents (BRDs) andor stories defining enhancements and new functionalityautomation
Analyze, develop and propose enhancements to current products, business processes, reports and applications in order to optimize sales, service, and system effectiveness
Conduct marketclient research and industry analysis of Life and Annuity products, services, and requirements
Produce high-quality verbal and written consulting deliverables (including proposals, customer presentations, consulting reports) to effectively communicate project findings
Basic scripting and project plans
Train and mentor team members on aspects of Life  Annuities products, operations andor technology 

What youll bring with You:

Bachelors Degree
5 years of experience in Insurance andor in an Insurance Consulting organization with a significant focus on Life  Annuities  combinations of product development, operations, technology delivery, etc.
4 years experience in Life and Annuity product definition, development, and implementation
Strong understanding of Life and Annuity products and industry trends
Solid Business Analyst skills, including experience interviewing client executives to gather and document business requirements and process mapping
Proficiency with Excel and Data Analysis preferred, including modelling, lookups and macro writing, data mapping, systems design, APIs, gap analysis, etc.
Experience with Agile  modern delivery methodologies preferred, ideally with experience using tools such as MS Project, JIRA and Confluence  

Why Capco?  
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
Ready to take the Next Step?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.  Connecticut Pay Range106,000—140,000 USD