Enterprise Architect - Technology
About Capco
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We arehave:

Experts in Banking and Payments, Capital Markets, Insurance and Wealth  Asset Management
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture
A growing Cloud community of professionals from architecture to advisory to delivery, founded on real delivery expertise

Role Description
Our clients expect our Enterprise Architects to use their industry experience to advise on innovative solutions to business problems based on modern technology.
Our clients are shifting to new maturity levels in cloud. With your help and experience, we can guide and set strategy to complement existing, complex architectures, and design and govern new greenfield enterprise architecture.
Youll be managing and governing complex projects within an agile environment, with examples including the creation of.

New Banks  yes, seriously! We have delivered and are building new digital banks from scratch for our global clients.
New Open Banking Services  we played a key role in shaping the open banking regulation and are now delivering it for clients.
Robotic Automation Solutions  we are currently delivering into production several projects using RPA and Machine Learning.
New Social Networks  we recently launched a social network for business banking customers for one of our Tier 1 Banking clients.

Your role in the development and mentorship of our people is important, you should be able to build teams and inspire others to take up a career in architecture.
Skills  expertise

Experience providing advisory services on cloud including aspects such as strategy, process and delivery
Experience of delivering complex, cross-domain, multi-year Enterprise Architecture roadmaps and supporting artefacts for senior levels within organisations
A deep understanding of solution design including modern architectural patterns and processes, how to pragmatically apply them to an existing enterprise
Senior Stakeholder management and influencing, up to and including C-suite
Strong presentation skills, both written and verbal; able to describe complex technical problems to a variety of audiences

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement
