About CapcoOur team in Capco specializes in management consulting  software development, mostly for international banks and insurance companies in western Europe. Do you want to learn more about our culture and people? Visit https:www.capco.comCareersBratislava 
Benefits of working for Capco:

The opportunity to work with experienced colleagues for prestigious banks
The opportunity to work on different projects, no routine
Technical and soft skills training, professional certifications, full access to the Udemy online learning platform
Sick days, employees vacation  25 days per year, regardless of the age
Cafeteria provided by the Benefits plus services
Fully paid meal vouchers
Smartphone and internet with 1.000 GB of data, laptop
Remote work (Home-office)
We care: we support the well-being of our employees (mental health webinars - Liga za duevn zdravie), team sports activities  e.g. running challenges, multisport card, participation on the volunteering days

 
Role Description

Analyze issues and drive solutions to keep our clients cloud environments healthy
Define and execute various migration strategies
Design, setup, migrate or maintain cloud solutions to achieve defined business goals
You will be part of challenging agile consulting projects within the cloud transformations and will be involved in various subjects from business analysis through requirement gathering and design to implementation and testing
In addition to project work, you will have the opportunity to contribute to various internal topics and implement your own ideas

Skills and Expertise

A successfully completed university degree, preferably with a focus on computer science  informatics
Hands-on experience migrating on-premise infrastructure to one of the major public cloud providers (preferably GCP andor Azure), ideally with relevant certification
Experience with cloud native databases (e.g. PostgreSQL)
Experience and understanding of Infrastructure as Code (IaC) provisioning  management and tooling (e.g., HashiCorp Terraform)
Strong agile mindset and first-hand experience with DevOps
Experience with modern commodity DevOps tooling  services (e.g. GitHub, CircleCI, Datadog and HashiCorp technologies like Terraform or Vault)
Ideally, knowledge of relevant architectures, technologies, and operations like:

Cloud-native architectures, hybrid systems
Serverless architectures, microservices and APIs
Container, Kubernetes, OpenShift and OpenTracing
Automatization of CICD pipelines (e.g. Jenkins, Ansible)


Ability to work in a team, above-average analytical and conceptual skills as well as assertiveness
Good knowledge of English
German language knowledge would be an advantage

 
Recruitment process steps:

Screening call with the Recruiter
TechnicalCompetencies interview with experienced Capco colleague
FeedbackOffer

 
You are important to us! Thats why you get a personal coach at our side who supports you individually. With our start-up mentality and our flat hierarchy, you have every opportunity to place your ideas and to put them into practice. In addition, after work, you have numerous opportunities to expand your internal network and get to know new faces through joint sports activities and team events. Have we made you curious? Then apply now! It takes only 5 minutes. 
If you have any other question related to the position please reach out to me:
  tomas.vancocapco.com
 Tomas Vanco  LinkedIn
 