Senior QA Automation Engineer
About the team:
At the Capco Technology Delivery Center, we are dedicated to the financial services industries. Our professionals combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry and domain expertise to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery, and managed services, to move their organizations forward. Through our collaborative and efficient approach, we help our clients successfully innovate, increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce costs, and enhance controls. Our teams stay at the forefront of industry trends and technologies that are driving innovation. From strategy to launch, we are adept at delivering across the full product lifecycle. 
About the Job:
As a member of the Capco Technology Delivery Team, youll bring practical knowledge of agile development methodologies and engineering best practices. As a QA Automation Engineer, youll use your experience and skills to contribute to the quality and implementation
 our software products for our customers.
What Youll Get to Do

Attend and contribute to Agile ceremonies including sprint planning, refinement, stand-up, and retrospective
Provide input to refinement sessions, contributing insightful design concepts
Create and execute test scripts
Perform user acceptance testing to identify defects or weaknesses
Document test results for review and approval
Create and execute regression testing plan and test scripts for each deployment
Coordinate production checkout plan and test scripts for each release
Perform research via reference materials and resources to understand the current state of processes and procedures to ensure complete requirements gathering

What Youll Bring with You:

6 years QA andor UAT testing, both manual and automation (SeleniumJava)
Experience in testing Financial applications
Business Analysis experience is preferred so that clear, detailed acceptance criteria are put into each JIRA story
Agile, contributing to ceremonies
Experience working with offshoreonshore delivery model 
Willing to work out of the New York city office 3 days a week

Why Capco?
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or  ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
Ready to take the Next Step 
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.New York Pay Range106,000—140,000 USD