
About CapcoOur team in Capco specializes in management consulting  software development, mostly for international banks and insurance companies in western Europe. Do you want to learn more about our culture and people? Visit https:www.capco.comCareersBratislava Benefits of working for Capco:

The opportunity to work with experienced colleagues for prestigious banks
The opportunity to work on different projects, no routine
Technical and soft skills training, professional certifications, full access to the Udemy online learning platform
Private health care, sick days, employees vacation  25 days per year, regardless of the age
Cafeteria provided by the Benefits plus services (50 EUR monthly) andor contribution to 3rd pillar
Fully paid meal vouchers
Smartphone and internet with 1.000 GB of data, laptop
Home-office friendly: we provide flexibility to work remotely from the home office, as well as from our office in Bratislava - Nivy Tower (Fresh fruit, relaxing zone, game room  table football, PS4, pet friendly office)
We care: we support the well-being of our employees (Yoga lessons, mental health webinars - Liga za duevn zdravie), team sports activities  e.g. running challenges, multisport card, participation on the volunteering days

Wage

from 1.800 EUR (salary will be adjusted based on previous experience)
annual bonus  benefit package
indefinite period contract 

Role Description
We are expanding our new team for our banking clients.

You will be a businessdata Analyst, part of an agile team focused on exciting transformation challenges around data
You will work with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry 
You will modernize related processes and set-up, develop, and optimize state-of-the-art solutions and the corresponding data management all the way from business analysis to implementation 
Gradually you will take on more responsibility for your topics, as well as lead sub-projects and smaller project teams

 
Skills and Expertise

A successfully completed university degree  
Fluent English and German
Strong interest and working experience in one or more of the following areas:

Working with data (data analysis, working with large datasets, data quality management, e.g. formulating rules and criteria to validate data, analyzing and resolving data quality events)
Business Analysis (as-is process and data analysis, writing requirements, data mapping)
Business Process Optimization (simplifying  automating processes, elimination of manual processes)  
Agile project work or knowledge of agile working methods and corresponding tools


Some initial knowledge about the financial service industry, about banking products and potentially about accounting is needed
You are a team player, have good analytical and conceptual skills as well as perseverance

 
Recruitment process steps:

Screening call with the Recruiter
TechnicalCompetencies interview with experienced Capco colleague
FeedbackOffer

 
You are important to us! Thats why you get a personal coach at our side who supports you individually. With our start-up mentality and our flat hierarchy, you have every opportunity to place your ideas and to put them into practice. In addition, after work, you have numerous opportunities to expand your internal network and get to know new faces through joint sports activities and team events. Have we made you curious? Then apply now! It takes only 5 minutes. 
If you have any other question related to the position please reach out to me:

  zora.paulikovacapco.com 
 Zora Paulikova  LinkedIn