
ABOUT CAPCO
Capco is a global technology and management consultancy dedicated to the financial services industry. We combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge, to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery and managed services to move their organizations forward.

We specialize primarily in banking  payments, capital markets, wealth  asset management and insurance
We have a collaborative and efficient approach
We help our clients successfully innovate, increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce costs and enhance controls
We serve our clients from 32 offices across the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific

If creativity and innovation are your passion, then Capco is right for you. You can grow in an inclusive, diverse and collaborative environment. At Capco, we will train and support you to help accelerate your career.

 
YOUR CAPCO DAY

Engaging with key clients (leading Swiss wealth and asset managers) to deliver exciting and complex transformation plans in the RiskCompliance domain
Contributing to the marketing efforts of Capco in the RiskCompliance domain (thought leadership, events, articles, RFPs)
Leading multi-jurisdiction, multi-dimensional strategic projects in the WealthAsset Management and RiskCompliance domains
Being part of our journey to become the leading consultancy in the RiskCompliance domain in the Swiss WealthAsset Management industry
Leveraging the collaborative and bold environment of Capco, while enjoying its unique and diverse culture (BYAW)

YOUR CAPCO-FIT

At least 5-10 years of experience in Risk and Compliance roles in the WealthAsset Management industry, in leading banks or consultancies.
Deep expertise in some key risks  processes (e.g. Risk and Compliance Transformation, Risk and Compliance TOM, AML, Transaction Monitoring, On-boarding and periodic reviews, Financial Crime, RegTech, etc.).
Ability to lead and steer complex transformationregulatorystrategic projects in RiskCompliance, and across lines of defense.
Passionate for the industry, and able to connect the dots between business and technology.
Commercial flair and ability to deal with client relationships at senior executive level.
Collaborative, proactive, bold and outspoken.
Excellent communication skills in English and German coupled with presentation skills.


WHY CAPCO
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, flexible working hours, technical and soft skills training, smartphone  fast mobile internet and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.
 
READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEPS?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.
