Job Title: Data Management Data Privacy- Capital Market Investment Banking
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery.  
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
Location - Sarjapur, Bangalore Goregaon, Mumbai
Years of experience- 3yrs
Description 
Team Profile (Data Center of Excellence)The Data Center of Excellence department is recruiting for an enthusiastic, dynamic, junior data analysts to supportthe rollout of the BiglD data discovery tool across Capco.The team vision is a multi-year effort to simplify firms data architecture and business processes front-to-back with goalls of reducing infrastructure and manpower costs, improving the ability to demonstrate control of data, empoweringdevelopers by providing consistent means of handling data, facilitate data-driven insights  decision making, andproviding a platform to implement future change initiatives faster, cheaper, and easier.
Requirements: Strong analytical skills, business acumen and demonstrated excellent oral and written communication skills withboth technical and non-technical audiences Ability to work with excels and databases
Desired Skills: Experience of BiglD is an advantage Understanding of GDPR ICCPA and privacy is desirable An understanding of regular expressions is an advantage
Technical Requirement:
Engagement with senior stakeholders for:
 

Control defining and mapping
DQ Dimensions collection
Assisting stakeholders with business rule creation
Translating business rules into technical rules and inputting into DQ tool
DQ issue management  remediation ExperienceSkill set -
Senior stakeholder management (IT  Business)
Exposure to Data Governance  Quality
Analytical skills to ask questions to understand HR data
Business and Technical rule creation
Data Privacy awareness is a plus

If you are keen to join us, you will be part of an organization that values your contributions, recognizes your potential, and provides ample opportunities for growth. For more information, visit www.capco.com. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.