WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT?
We are a global technology and management consultancy firm specializing in driving digital transformation across the financial services and insurance industry. Our professionals combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to offer clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery, and managed services, to move their organizations forward.
WHY WORK FOR CAPCO?
When you join Capco, you will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks and insurance companies in the world. We offer you opportunities for ongoing learning, a true meritocratic culture and the freedom to be your authentic self at work.
As we grow, you will grow, adding value and making an impact right away.
 A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients.
 Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or broaden and deepen existing expertise.
 Our Capco Schools and leadership development programs are the heart of our global learning experience.
 A at, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work on projects with senior partners and directly with clients.
 Potential opportunities to work in different domains and even other locations.
 An environment where work, leisure, social and professional life are in balance.
 A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic and international culture.
LETS GET DOWN TO BUSINESS
We are looking for qualified professionals with 4 - 8 years of relevant experience within the insurance industry.
You will be responsible for:

The successful realization of projects in your area of expertise
Managing successful relationships with key stakeholders at client side
Using advanced analytics and in-depth knowledge of insurance models and processes, in order to provide valuable advice to our insurance clients
Providing training of end-users and taking a leading role in change management activities
Taking an active role in growing Capcos insurance practice by following up on the latest innovations in the insurance domain, engaging and sharing knowledge with colleagues and creating insightful client pitches

SHOW US WHAT YOUVE GOT
Definitely show us:
Background:

Bachelor or Masters degree in a related field (applied economics, engineering, finance  insurance, commercial sciences, etc.)
Between 4 - 8 years of relevant experience within the insurance industry, working for a consultancy firm, an insurance company or broker, for example as project manager, product owner or analyst
Affinity with both Life and Non-Life insurance is highly preferred

Soft skills  Knowledge:

Ability to work autonomously and as part of a team
Excellent proficiency in English, Dutch andor French with a solid understanding of the other language
A strong innovator with the ability to translate abstract ideas into valuable business propositions
Strong communication, presentation and interpersonal skills
Being able to work and liaise with various stakeholders, ranging from very technical to very non-technical

Good to show us:

Project management experience, preferably using the following methodologies: Lean Six Sigma, Agile Scrum, Prince2, ITIL, etc.
Experience with relevant insurance platforms, preferably from a configuration or implementation perspective
Affinity with technical matters and software package implementations

NOW TAKE THE NEXT STEP
Working at Capco will offer you the platform and the opportunity to solve significant business issues and to contribute to transforming the worlds most innovative financial services and ultimately forming the future of finance and insurance in delivering innovative solutions to our clients. In addition to the opportunity to continuously improve your skills, learning and development, Capco offers a competitive remuneration package and rewarding career opportunities.
If you are looking for a new challenge in insurance and you want to learn, want to grow, get recognized and contribute, then what are you waiting for?
Life comes down to a few key moments: this is one of them!