About the Team:
Capco is a global business and technology consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
Working in Banking and Payments at Capco extends well beyond a traditional consulting role  we focus on developing talent within a supportive environment while simultaneously challenging tomorrows leaders to partner with our clients and shape the future of financial services. At Capco, we deliver innovative solutions that shape market-leading strategies through implementing advanced technology with modern methods. Our experience across the ecosystem of banking segments, products, customer experiences, and supporting infrastructure has strengthened our reputation for innovation within the industry. We partner with commercial banks with capabilities including but not limited to lending, deposits, treasury  cash management, online banking, and payments.
The team offers our clients the support and guidance they need to compete in an industry that has and continues to experience rapid modernization and change.  Whether our clients are seeking to enhance operational performance, accelerate change, or transform the customer experience, our goal is to help them emerge as industry leaders and meet or exceed their business goals.
About the Job:
As a Senior Consultant - Commercial Banking, you will work in a fast-paced team setting, alongside industry experts, to craft optimal strategies used to solve complex client problems. Your insights will influence actions taken by managers and executives, both proactively and in real-time problem-solving situations, within broad scale programs.
What Youll Get to Do: 

Lead and support client discussions that center around sales, onboarding, underwriting, servicing and risk monitoring processes across commercial banking products and segments
Develop frameworks, approaches, solutions, and recommendations that effectively and efficiently address the most impactful opportunities and challenges related to business process or technology systems, including their implementation, administration or optimization
Assist project teams in measuring current business or operational performance and forecasting improvements based on Capcos recommendations
Facilitate the collaboration and coordination between business and technology to deliver on client end-to-end objectives
Work as part of a team leveraging agile and modern software delivery techniques
Produce insights, analyses, and recommendations to improve client business or operational performance, drive understanding of client issues and provide strategic guidance related to commercial banking
Build new solutions, toolkits, documents, and consulting approaches that can be applied across Capcos Banking  Payments practice

What Youll Bring with You:
 

5 years Industry andor consulting experience working within business, commercial, or large corporate banking segments
Expertise across end-to-end commercial lifecycle including sales, origination, onboarding, servicing, credit monitoring, and portfolio  relationship management
Commercial Banking knowledge including, but not limited to: treasury  cash management, online banking portals, commercial lending, underwriting, riskfraudcompliance, digital channels, customer segmentation, process improvement  design, and operational management
Strong analytical skill with respect to business management and problem solving
Ability to effectively lead team members to ensure the completion of project deliverables with requisite quality and in a timely manner
Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) with the ability to liaise and influence a range of internal and external stakeholders
Ability to work well in cross-functional teams and understand large programs
Advanced MS Excel and MS PowerPoint skills
Agile experience is a plus
Bachelors degree required

Why Capco? 
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation. 
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering. 
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.  
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.  
Ready to take the Next Step?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory. New York Pay Range106,000—140,000 USD