
Product Manager  Innovation  Design
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
About Capco
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy focused on the financial services sector. As part of Capcos Digital practice, the Design team translates strategy into action, working across the product lifecycle to create and deliver digital innovations in partnership with our clients and their customers.
We arehave:
 Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
 Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
 Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
 Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture
Role Description
We are currently looking for Senior Product Managers to grow our product capability and help our clients, banks and other financial institutions build great products that customers love and are commercially successful for our clients. We are on a mission to help our clients make finance work better for individuals, businesses and society.
You will work across the product lifecycle from defining product strategy, leading the build of products through to the launch and commercialisation of products.
You will play a key role in growing the Product capability, developing the Product Managers in the team and creating the propositions that support our clients. You will work with cross-functional product teams, including architects, designers and engineers, to discover and solve hard customer and business problems. As the product manager your role in the team is to ensure that the product is valuable to customers, it solves a need such that customers are willing to use or buy it, and viable for our clients to operate. You will bring structured customer insight to the team by using a mixture of market research, primary qualitative research (talking to customers!), quantitative research, and observed data of how customers engage with the product. You are the voice of the customer in the team but not the sole voice - you will create understanding and empathy throughout the team with your customers.
To ensure the product is viable you must be able to bring a solid understanding of the commercial nature of financial products as well as the constraints within which financial institutions operate  regulation, risk and controls, privacy and business cases. You should be switched on to the banking and finance industry in terms of competitors, regulatory and industry trends.
We believe good Senior Product Managers are leaders among equals and the best PMs empower the whole team to understand the problem space and contribute to the solution. You will know how to inspire and work effectively through others, working well with designers and engineers to ensure the solution is usable by customers and technically feasible. You will focus on achieving business and customer outcomes over outputs. Shipping is necessary, but not sufficient for success. We look for product managers who can think creatively to explore different ways to reach outcomes. You will need to be able to influence your teammates, as well as colleagues, stakeholders, and key executives, through your use of data and logic.
Necessary experience and skills
 Demonstrated experience of end-to-end product strategy and delivery
 Proven ability to lead Product Portfolios and across multiple Product Managers
 Informed opinions on product methodologies (eg. Jobs-to-be-done, Customer Personas, Prioritisation frameworks, KANO etc)
 5 years of Product Management or equivalent experience
 Proven ability to deliver measurable value to customers in a fast-paced environment
 Proven ability to engage with architects, engineers, designers, and senior executives in a constructive and collaborative manner
 Proven ability to tackle complex problems and present a logical and structured recommendation based on data
Diverse Perspectives: We know that innovation thrives on product teams where diverse points of view come together to solve hard problems in ways that are just now possible. As such, we explicitly seek people that bring diverse life experiences, diverse educational backgrounds, diverse cultures, and diverse work experiences. Please be prepared to share with us how your perspective will bring something unique and valuable to our product teams.
Why join Capco?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:
 A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
 Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
 A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
 A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
 Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement
