About Capco
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.
 
Job Description:

Help track metrics (inputs, outputs, and outcomes) for team; monitors these on ongoing basis
Facilitates process of deciding which stories will be included in each sprint through understanding teams velocity and story scope and size
Helps team members select which stories they will work on
Manages progress by facilitating agile events (incl. coordinate sprint planning, daily standups, and reviewretrospective sessions) and helping team members overcome roadblocks
Facilitates process of working with Feature owner and team to re-balance and re-prioritize work within a sprint
Manages burndowns and other documentation to oversee progress in each sprint

 
Skills:

In-depth knowledge and experience implementing one (or more) Agile methodologies, with experience from inception to outcomes.
Deep understanding of agile development processes and methodology
Sufficient understanding of technologybusiness to lead scrum team and assist in overcoming roadblocks.
Preferred knowledge of technology operations, change and leading technical standards across cloud, DevOps and modern applications development.
Knowledge of business contexts of agile, including operating in heavily regulated environments, those with little or no technological element to the work, and strong focus on business and customer outcomes
Solid stakeholder management and communication skills, and ability to articulate the agile mindset shift in practical and real terms to people.
Highly effective relationship management skills, with the ability to find ways of resolving blockers and impediments.
Strong facilitations skills
Excellent written communication, to articulate effective features, epic and story descriptions, definition of done and acceptance criteria.
Understanding of team dynamics and how people resist change; experience with frameworks such as DISc is advantageous.
Be a mentor. Keen sense of developing, building and mentoring people through difficult situations and contexts

 
Experience  Qualifications:

Bachelors in Engineer or Computer Science, or business-related filed (for business-process related teams)
A minimum of 2 years of experience.
Experience leading a team of 5 members.
Scrum master certification, particularly in Scrum, Disciplined Agile Delivery, KanBan, etc.
Fluency in English and Thai

Capco is committed to investing in its consultants for certification in a variety of Agile approaches.
 
Why Join Capco?

You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.

 
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise in our financial services offerings
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
An agile, diverse, entrepreneurial, inclusive, meritocratic culture
