Business Analyst (Regulatory Change - Tax Operations) - Glasgow
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
About Capco
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We are:

Experts in capital markets, banking and payments and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture


ROLE DESCRIPTION
Capco are looking for experienced financial services Business Analysts across multiple levels.  This role offers the chance to advise and deliver change projects as part of a long-term strategic partnership with leading financial institutions.
Roles will have a global focus and will entail collaborating with Business, Operations, Finance, Compliance, Technology, analysing and developing business and technical requirement, effective ways of working and identifying and reporting risks, issues and dependencies.
 The preferred candidate will be expected to:

Be a self-motivator working in a team of Capco and client colleagues
Work closely with stakeholders (both technical and non-technical) to perceive new and better ways of working
Collaborate across Stakeholder groups to define requirement change via technology, procedures and controls.
Define Business Case
Write  Document user stories, impact assessments and functional specifications 
Help to drive the use of Agile Methodologies

SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE

Experience working within Financial ServicesFund OperationsInvestment Operations as a Business Analyst
Regulatory Change and Strategic process innovations for a Tax operations perspective
Solid experience of process mappingprocess re-engineering
Proven ability to conduct process mapping and customer journey analysis
Change Management Methodology  proven delivery experience working in a project environment with different methodologies
Proven stakeholder management skills, including the ability to engage with both technical and non-technical stakeholders
Change Management Implementation - Being involved in projects from Business Case creation through to User Acceptance Testing co-ordination, test planning and execution
Requirements Gathering  the ability to produce structured functional specification, including experience of User Story. proven ability to run effective workshops for client business users
Data Analysis and Interpretation - the ability to critically evaluate information gathered across multiple sources, reconcile variances, and recommend proposals to clients
Strong academic record coupled to good problem-solving skills and analytical mind-set
Excellent Communication and Stakeholder Management Skills - the ability to communicate to a variety of audiences across business function and level and tailor messages appropriately
Senior Business Analysts will have some experience leading teams, an understanding of project management and planning

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement

NEXT STEPS
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, please do not hesitate to apply. We are looking forward to receiving your application.
To learn more about Capco and its people check out the website on www.capco.com
 