Data Management Consulting - ManagerSenior Manager
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We bring:

Expertise in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offerings, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
A commitment to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
A focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

The Opportunity
Capcos global Data Practice team of 800 data practitioners enables financial institutions to become data-led by helping transform their understanding, management, storage, and use of data to derive value for themselves and their customers.
Our team collaborates with clients to formulate focused, actionable, and effective data strategies that deliver business outcomes in a sustainable fashion. We translate strategy into action  designing, implementing and mobilising innovative data capabilities with a focus on efficiency and scalability, and partnering with leading vendors and industry bodies.
Drawing on our deep domain and business expertise, we architect and engineer modern data platforms and curated data products, with a focus on automation and data management by design. We partner with business, operations, and technology teams to embed and sustain these capabilities in business-as-usual and are leading the design and implementation of next generation data platforms across the industry.
Our clients and peers voted us as the A-Team Best Consultancy in Data Management in 2021, and value our ability to identify and develop top data talent.
Your Role
Youll be joining Capcos Data Strategy  Advisory team as a Data Management Consulting Manager. You will use your deep data management expertise to pioneer the design, implementation, mobilisation and embedment Data Management capabilities for our clients, enabling the production and usage of fit-for-purpose data.
Your primary responsibility will be to head up mixed Capco and client teams, enabling clients to become data-driven organisations through application of data management capabilities (including metadata management, data quality management, data lineage etc.). Our projects vary in their nature, and your responsibilities will differ based on client requirements, but could include:

Defining and implementing data management frameworks, including through definition of data management policies, standards, processes and operating procedures
Elicitation and management of data (management) requirements for large and complex transformations and translating into pragmatic solutions
Pioneering the adoption of data management practices for key client business processes, digital transformations, and analytics  reporting, including managing mixed Capco and client teams to:

Catalogue business and technical metadata, and define associated taxonomies and domains
Facilitate data governance, including identification, assignment, and training of Data Owners and Data Stewards
Design, implement, and embed data quality monitoring and issue management, including through data profiling, DQ rules definition, and DQ dashboard design and implementation
Document data lineage, including through generation of technical and business data lineage using automated data lineage tooling


Running solution design for data management tooling solutions, including through assessment of functional and technical designs against business requirements
Steering the deployment, implementation and rollout of new data management tooling
Defining of client data literacy programmes, and designing and running data management training for clients

You will also play a key role in developing the Data Strategy  Advisory capability within Capco, which may include:

Managing and running capability offerings or operational areas, in partnership with the Capability, Data Practice and Domain Leads
Developing and sustaining excellent internal and external client and vendor partnerships
Identifying and researching business development opportunities on new or existing clients and heading up the development of client proposals and bids
Defining internal  external-facing thought leadership
Developing data methodologies and accelerators to enhance Capcos delivery capability
Developing and delivering training for Capco and client resources in data methodologies

Your Skills and Experience
Most importantly, youll have a passion for data. You will bring your track-record in driving data change to enable clients to achieve their business outcomes.
To qualify for the role, you will have most of the following:

A minimum of 5 years experience in Data Management and  or Data Analytics
Deep and extensive understanding of Data Strategy, Data Management, and Data Analytics principles, and one or more of several common Data Management methodologies and capability models (e.g. DAMA DMBOK, DCAM, CDMC) and toolsets
Extensive experience designing and implementing new data management capabilities, or driving improvements to existing capabilities
Extensive experience managing small teams to deliver data management processes and toolsets (e.g. data cataloguing, data quality management etc.)
Hands-on experience in (deploying and customising) industry-standard data management tooling (e.g. Collibra, Solidatus, Talend, Ataccama), or in implementing bespoke data management solutions
Experience in documenting current-state processes, roles  responsibilities and governance structures, and designing their target-state
Proven experience in running delivery teams, with an ability to create and sustain a positive and inclusive team environment, even when under pressure
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent stakeholder management skills, with deep experience and comfort working autonomously and in team environments
Solid experience in simplifying complex concepts, with excellent verbal and written communication skills, including in Microsoft PowerPoint, Word and Excel
Experience running successful delivery in demanding project environments, with a high level of commitment and drive, including whilst under pressure and in ambiguous circumstances

Ideally, you will also bring:

A minimum of 5 years consulting experience at a top-tier consultancy, or a similar (Chief Data Office) change  transformation role within a top Financial Services organisation
A background in Financial Services (e.g. banking, insurance, investment management)
Hands-on experience in data analytics implementation (e.g. Power BI, Tableau, QlikView or Sense)
A deep understanding of the challenges, opportunities and regulations (e.g. ESG, LIBOR, BCBS-239, CCAR, GDPR, Consumer Duty) facing the Financial Services industry
Up-to-date knowledge of industry best-practices within data management and analytics
Formal certification in data management methodologies or capability models
Experience running small projects and teams

Why Join Capco?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement

 
 