Operations Specialist (4 Years Experience)  Settlements, KYC, Transaction Reporting  Financial Services
 Location - Glasgow 23 days a week commutable from surrounding areas  (inc Edinburgh etc)
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
About Capco
We are:

Experts in capital markets, banking and payments and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

Role Description
This is a fantastic opportunity for someone who has previous financial services experience having managed a small team within Transaction reporting and  or KYC  KYB case Management within operations with some previous project management experience.
The Operations Specialist will participate in a range of BAU Operational activities focused on executing and overseeing tasks such as trade processing, data analysis, reconciliation and reporting. The role of the Operations specialist requires excellent attention to detail. Team management and will be attractive to individuals who thrive in high paced, and deadline driven environments.
Full training on processes, policies and systems will be provided.
Your responsibilities will include and not limited to the following;

Team Management: oversight for teams of 5-10 Operations Analysts Associates
Process execution: ability to follow detailed procedures accurately
Process improvement: identify ways to improve processes
Process Oversight: oversee and validate execution tasks completed by Operations Analysts  Associates
Governance: status reporting, administering governance meetings (minutes, actions, meeting material production)
Maintenance of project plans, risk logs
Managing BAU reporting exceptions for MIFID II, EMIR, SFTR, and HKMA.
Responsible for producing reconciliations, exceptions management and MI for the regulations named above.
Downloading vendor reports.
Responding to internal and external email queries.
Cross-training new team members.
Completing mandatory training.

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement

NEXT STEPS
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, please do not hesitate to apply. We are looking forward to receiving your application.
To learn more about Capco and its people check out the website on www.capco.com
 