China - Hong Kong
ABOUT CAPCO 
Capco is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services and insurance industries. Capco is committed to providing clients with practical solutions. We offer a globally integrated service with offices in leading financial centers across the globe. We have the people, the vision, and the passion.
We are growing through a significant growth journey, now is a very good time to join us as we expand geographically, increase headcount and disrupt the consulting market across APAC with entrepreneurial and agile thinking.
ABOUT CAPCO HONG KONG

We are experts in banking, capital markets, wealth, asset management, and insurance.
We specialize in risk and compliance, regulatory transformation, digital transformation, data management  data analytics, business  finance transformation engagements, and IT transformation and change programs.
We are committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent in the market.
Our focus is on maintaining our agile and entrepreneurial culture.

 
RESPONSIBILITIES

As a Managing Principal at Capco you will be given the support and autonomy to expand our insurance footprint in Hong Kong and playing a key role in driving business with the clients and the delivery of projects. You will work closely with clients to deliver large-scale change initiatives for leading insurance institutions. Fitting that description, you will also need to have a passion for developing high performing teams, coaching junior staff members, and fostering communities of interest around specific skills sets.

SKILLS AND EXPERTISE
Key for this role is there is requirement to have a background in insurance  both technical and commercial:
Technical

Significant experience (guide of 10 years) with a large global consulting organization, within their data practice with extensive experience delivering insurance related projects or significant experience within an insurer or solution provider in roles focused on harnessing insights from data.
Deep knowledge of insurance data architectures and common challenges of moving to a more customer centric data driven model.
Experience of establishing data governance and management frameworks to improve data quality and provide a reliable source for analysis
Experience of driving insights from data, working closely with business stakeholders to understand the problem statementuse case and then apply appropriate mathematical and statistical techniques to derive actionable insights.
Experience in delivering ML solutions to solve business challengesuse cases preferred
Experience in delivering AI solutions to solve business challengesuse cases preferred
Good working knowledge of common insurance technology architectures preferred.
Must have proven delivery experience of largecomplex programmes with big cross discipline teams managing multiple stakeholders.
Excellent senior stakeholder management skills

Commercial

Must possess a strong network and good reputation among the APAC insurancetechdata community
Experience of leading and managing internal teams and capability areas with ownership and accountability of PLs
Sales experience preferred with proven track record of developing GTM strategies, developing opportunities and a pipeline of work and sales conversions of over 1m USD per annum
Account management experience preferred with a track record of successfully growing relationships and revenues in key clients

 
 