About Capco
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.
Job Description 

Experience as a BackendFull Stack Developer or similar role
Familiarity with common stacks Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML5 CSS, JavaScript, Progressive Web App, XML, jQuery)
Knowledge of multiple back-end languages (e.g. Java, Scala, Python, C, J2EE, Web Services) and JavaScript frameworks (e.g. Angular, React, Node.js)
Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB, SFDC), web servers (e.g. Apache), Application Servers (e.g. JBoss) and UIUX design
Superb communication and collaboration skills
Ability to translate business use cases into good taxonomy design
Demonstrable skills in understanding importance of data design
Strong knowledge of support  services space
Strong knowledge of web support analytics
Strong knowledge of knowledge base management within Digital support space.
Passionate about website usability with great instincts for improving customer support experience Strong program or project management skills.
Strong organizational proficiency and attention to detail Excellent verbal and written communication skills including preparation and delivery of presentations,
workshop design and facilitation Experience working with geographically distributed teams
Demonstrate the ability to independently handle projects and communicate clearly with partner team
Ability to express ideas clearly, expertly, and diplomatically

 
Education  Experience 

Engineering Degree in Computer Science or related field 
At least 2-5 years experience in software development with specific experience building software applications end to end.
Experienced in business processes and forms solutions
Experience in Banking  Financial Services industry
Experienced in requirement management tools

 