WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT?
We are a global technology and management consultancy firm focused on financial services. Our professionals combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to offer clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery, and managed services, to move their organizations forward.
WHY WORK FOR CAPCO?
When you join Capco, you will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world. We offer you opportunities for ongoing learning, a true meritocratic culture and the freedom to be your authentic self at work.
As we grow, you will grow, adding value and making an impact right away.
 A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients. Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or broaden and deepen existing expertise.
 Our Capco Schools and leadership development programs are the heart of our global learning experience.
 A at, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work on projects with senior partners and directly with clients.
 Potential opportunities to work in different domains and even other locations.
 An environment where work, leisure, social and professional life are in balance.  A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic and international culture.
LETS GET DOWN TO BUSINESS
We are looking for a qualified professional with a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience within Payments.
You will be responsible for:

Joining our payments team in building payment propositions for our clients;
Delivery of projects for our clients relating to payments. This includes projects relating to new payment standards migration e.g., MT to MX, regulatory change and digitalization;
Developing a comprehensive understanding of the clients strategic needs, envision whats coming and progress of whats ahead;
Creating high quality deliverables to effectively communicate project findings;
Building and maintaining client relationships;
Develop and or take ownership of existing or new client payment proposition(s).

SHOW US WHAT YOUVE GOT
Definitely show us:Background  

At least 3 years of experience in Payments with a good knowledge in Payment initiation, Payment Processing, Clearing and Settlement process and Reporting process.

Skills  Knowledge 

Good knowledge on various Payment and Reporting messages like ISO20022, SWIFT MT1XX, 2XX and 9XX etc.; 
Good knowledge on various kinds of products such as Swift gpi, Instant payments, SEPA - SCT, SDD, Collections, Direct Debits etc.;
Strong analytical skills and attention to details;
Good understanding on Straight-thru processing (STP) and operational efficiency;
Strong verbal and written communication skills (English, French andor Dutch).

Soft skills 

Being able to work and liaise with various stakeholders;
Ability to work in a fast paced, dynamic environment;
Able to work independently or in a team to resolve issues andor identify solutions in a timely manner.

Good to show us:

Knowledge or experience with working in an Agile environment;
Concrete experience, qualifications, certifications as a project manager or business analyst.

NOW TAKE THE NEXT STEP
If you are looking forward taking your career to the next step, we are looking forward receiving your application.
If you are looking for a new challenge in Financial Services and you want to learn more, want to grow more, get recognized more and contribute more, then what are you waiting for?  Life comes down to a few key moments: this is one of them.