About the team:
Capco is a fully independent, global management and technology consultancy. For nearly 20 years we have combined innovative thinking with deep industry knowledge to deliver business consulting, digital transformation and technology services to Finance and Energy markets. Our collaborative and efficient approach helps clients reduce costs and manage risk and regulatory change while increasing revenues. We are thinkers, innovators, and disruptors. We are small enough to care but large enough to matter
About the Job:
This position involves analysis, design, and consulting support, as well as developing an understanding of our clients strategic direction, issues, and project goals. The successful candidate must be able to bridge the gap between user-functionality and system developers and assist in documenting, evaluating, and translating business architectures and needs into IT applications. An understanding of consulting methodologies within the financial services Energy industry (Strategy work, business case development, process mapping, the lifecycle of project implementation, requirements gathering, competitive assessment) is an essential factor for success in this role.
What Youll Get to Do:

Preparing, facilitating, documenting and participating in client meetingsworkshops conducting a structured gathering, research, and analysis o Developing and evaluating procedures, controls, user requirements, and functional specifications to identify gaps between the current state and future state
Creating business requirement documents (BRDs) into use casesfunctional specifications for customization
Requirements gathering, functional requirements, user stories, and documentation businessdataapplicationtechnology architectures, requirements and business rules 
Business process modelsdesign, logical data models, standards and guidance
Documenting and explaining problems and works to resolve software defects while ensuring technical compatibility and end-user satisfaction
Analyzing, developing and proposing enhancements to current business processes, reports and applications in order to optimize system effectiveness
Conducting customer interviews and producing meeting summaries
Conducting marketclient research and industry analysis of requirements
Producing high-quality verbal and written consulting deliverables (including proposals, customer presentations, consulting reports) to effectively communicate project findings
Generating re-usable intellectual capital in the form of consulting methodology and templates, blueprints and business cases
Basic scripting and project plans

What Youll Bring with You:

4 years of Business Analyst experience
Retail Energy experience such as CISBilling, EDI, Customer Care, Sales, and CIMass Market products
Other related experience such wholesale, settlements, utilities, or trading is a plus
Experience working for a management consulting firm preferred
Solid Business Analyst skills, including experience interviewing client executives to gather and document business requirements and process mapping
Strong presentation skills, extensive experience writing successful project proposals, experience planning and executing related projects
Ability to demonstrate project management skills and experience
Bachelors degree required; major in MIS, Computer Science, Finance, Economics, Business or Financial Engineering preferred
An advanced degree is desirable

Why Capco? 
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation. 
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering. 
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.  
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.  
Ready to take the Next Step  
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory. 