
ABOUT CAPCO
Capco is a global technology and management consultancy dedicated to the financial services industry. We combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge, to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery and managed services to move their organizations forward.

We specialize primarily in banking  payments, capital markets, wealth  asset management and insurance
We have a collaborative and efficient approach
We help our clients successfully innovate, increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce costs and enhance controls
We serve our clients from 32 offices across the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific

If the mix of technology, engineering, consulting and delivery is your passion, then Capco is right for you to grow in an inclusive, diverse and collaborative environment. At Capco, we will train and support you to help accelerate your career.
 
YOUR CAPCO DAY


Management of challenging consulting projects in the area of Retail  Digital BankingWealth  Asset ManagementPaymentsRisk  ComplianceDigital AssetsCloud from business strategy, business analysis, technical conception and testing to close support of implementation
Involvement in developing revolutionary tools from idea to code together with onsite, nearshore and offshore teams
Quality assurance in terms of project planning, project implementation and project reporting as well as compliance with agreed standards in terms of methodology and technology
Active involvement in internal topics and implementation of own ideas for the further development of the organization and its business opportunities

 
YOUR CAPCO-FIT

Bachelors degree in finance, computer science, or a related field. A Masters degree or professional certifications (e.g., CFA, FRM, ITIL) is a plus.
Relevant practical experience in the management of (agile) consulting projects in the financial services environment
Ideally knowledge in retail  digital banking, wealth  asset management, payments, risk  compliance, digital assets or cloud
Familiarity in working with external suppliers
Ability to work in a team, analytical and conceptual skills as well as assertiveness
Excellent communication skills in English and German coupled with presentation skills

 

WHY CAPCO?
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or  ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, Technical skills and soft skills training, both classroom and on the job, with support for external certifications, exceptional benefits in daily sickness allowance and accident insurance (private), attractive pension scheme model, smartphone, fast mobile internet, laptop and opportunities to volunteer, participate in team sports, etc.
 
READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEP?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.
