Data Analytics  Architecture Capability Lead
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require.
You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help. 
ABOUT US
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector.
We arehave:

Experts across the Capital Markets, Insurance, Payments, Retail Banking and Wealth  Asset Management domains.
Deep knowledge in various financial services offerings including Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture.

THE ROLE
We are currently seeking a Data Analytics  Data Architecture Capability Lead to play a key role in driving the strategy and growth of our industry recognised and award-winning Data Practice.
To be considered for this role you will be a respected authority across the Data industry, with proven experience in helping to successfully build, run and scale an analytics consulting business.
This is an exciting opportunity to join a growing capability of multi-disciplinary data practitioners, who you will direct and collaborate with to develop new business and deliver cutting-edge architecture, analytics, data science and AI projects for top-tier Financial Services clients.
As a senior leader, you will play a key role in maturing the management structures of existing teams that cover: Data Analytics, Data Science  Data Architecture
This will be achieved through the below role expectations:

Working with client teams to build a pipeline of Analytics and Architecture work
Creation and execution of go to market strategies across core Data propositions
Being client facing as a subject matter expert to Data and non-Data clients, for both sales campaigns and in the successful delivery of our projects.
Acquisition  development of talent through recruitment, training and skills analysis.
Active management of resource supply and demand within the capability.
Management of the Data Lab  development of accelerator to support sales and delivery.

You will be highly invested in the career development and mentoringcoaching of our existing consulting population across the Senior Consultant  Managing Principal levels.
To support pipeline generation, you will work closely with the various internal domain and account teams. You will be expected to identify opportunities for Data ArchitectureAnalytics delivery either in terms of direct sale of related propositions or alternatively in the delivery of technical skills to support non-data propositions.
To support the above, you will:

Liaise with Capco domain  account teams to help respond to RFPsRFIsad hoc requests.
Work closely with domain  account leadership teams to educate them on potential offerings and value add opportunities.
Identify any gaps in Data Capability coverage  if present, develop plans to fill such gaps.

Delivery will also be viewed as a key measure of success in this role, with individuals expected to be billable part time (60-80). Billability can be spread across multiple projects, as it is our belief that client engagement is key to ensuring true relevance in the market.
Data at Capco
Capcos global Data Practice of 800 practitioners are an established team of data strategists, analysts, scientists, architects, and engineers who help client teams harness the power of data to drive insight, optimise performance, and commercialise data opportunities.  We enable financial institutions to become data-driven by helping transform their understanding, and use of data to derive value. We translate strategy into action  designing, implementing, and mobilising innovative data capabilities with a focus on efficiency and scalability, and partnering with leading vendors and industry bodies.
Collaboration, enthusiasm, and encouragement are key in ensuring we maintain our culture through working in an environment where clients become colleagues. We are looking for a candidate who will empower the team, drive high standards, grow the capability, and deliver customer focused outcomes.
Our clients and peers have voted us as the A-Team Best Consultancy in Data Management in consecutive years, valuing our ability to identify and develop top data talent. In addition to this, we have proudly won both the Best Consultancy (2022) in the British Banking Awards and the Best ESG Data  Technology Consultancy as part of the annual ESG Insight Awards.
WHY JOIN CAPCO? 
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry. 
We offer: 

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees 
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise 
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients 
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement.
