Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.

We are experts in Banking, Capital Markets, and Wealth and Asset Management.
We are rapidly expanding our Insurance sector capability.
We specialise in Digital Transformation, Data Management  Data Analytics, Business  Finance Transformation engagements, and IT transformation and Change programmes.
We are committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent in the market.
Our focus is on maintaining our agile and entrepreneurial culture.

ABOUT THE JOB
As a Junior Process Mining Architect, you will be part of a Capco team working with clients in the Process Excellence space. You will be responsible for analysis, design, and consulting support, as well as developing an understanding of our clients strategic direction, issues, and project delivery. Fitting that description, you will also need to be supremely motivated and able to work in a team where clients become colleagues too.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Project Delivery

Assimilate unknown process domain and terminology quickly.
Correlate process execution with underlying data traces.
Locate, explore, and quality assess data traces.
Design process analysis dashboards (ARIS or Celonis), including storyboarding and dashboard design, and KPI definition and scripting.
Manage process mining tooling configuration and housekeeping.
Run PM discovery, analysis, and optimization workshops.
Embrace lean practices while guiding towards increased process transparency, identification and quantification of improvement pot., and Agile project practices.
Reflect on downstream impact of changes in data scope andor analysis approach and flag such risk early.

Stakeholder Management

Partner with middle management, process owners, and staff in process execution, modelling (OE), and improvement (OE).
Align with tech and analytics functions.
Validate information across multiple stakeholders.
Extract common threads and recommendations.
Flag risks and impediments for project delivery.

Training

Participate in training to elevate dashboarding and process mining practices.
Deliver process mining training for relevant stakeholder groups.

Strengthen Controls

Identify risks and missingineffective controls.
Raise risks and missingineffective controls to superiors.

REQUIREMENTS
We are looking for exceptional talent with the following:

2  3 years of relevant experience in process mining with solid experience in using Celonis or ARIS tools.
Proven ability in applying process mining knowledge and experience to effectively enhance processes and achieve operational excellence.
Understands the operational environment, process management and improvement, and processes and controls needed to execute.
A results-driven professional. Proven track record of achieving bottom-line results from process improvements. Takes ownership to deliver, with a high level of flexibility and a preparedness to roll up hisher sleeves to get the job done. Proven success in holding individuals accountable for progress against agreed deliverables.
Proven ability to prioritise issues within a large, rapidly changing environment and manage a wide varietyhigh volume of tasks while maintaining quality delivery.
Proven ability to work independently, with limited direction and multi-task without loss of quality. Ability to solve problems and make balanced judgmentsdecisions.
Outstanding relationship building and ability to engage stakeholders at different levels of seniority and create followership. Ability to formulate joint win-win agendas and follow them through to execution.
A team player  multi-culturally aware with a proven ability to work in a global service delivery model, with onshore and offshore resources.
Strong influencing and communication skills  oral and written and proven success in communicating process terminology in a simple way.
Confident and courageous to raiseescalate issues in a pro-active, professional, and timely manner. Handles sensitive matters with discretion and confidentiality.

WHY CAPCO?   
We are expanding our business rapidly across Singapore and Asia. You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banking and insurance clients in the world, projects that will deliver significant transformation and change.
We offer:
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers  we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm. We warmly value diversity and inclusion and embrace our collective uniqueness  our culture is a strong, fresh, and invigorating difference from our competitors.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical and dental insurance and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 