Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
About Capco
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We are:

Experts in capital markets, banking and payments and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

Role Description
We are currently looking to recruit Consultants and Senior Consultants who can make a significant contribution to the Capital Markets Regulatory Practice through expertise and supporting delivery of new business opportunities.   The role will entail working across all types of financial institutions in the market to support them navigate and deliver against key regulatory objectives.  This would range from:

compliance within regulatory obligations against tight deadlines
addressing post implementation issues and Day 2 enhancements

In order to support our clients, we need people who have a good understanding of capital marketsinvestment banking coupled with strong change management experience and prior success, either as a management consultant or within a change role in a financial services institution. 
This role allows you to deliver as part of a long-term strategic partnership with our clients, whilst developing within a forward thinking and entrepreneurial business.  
Skills  Expertise

Expertise in the capital markets domain with front to back knowledge of organisations (e.g. Front Office, Middle Office, Risk  OperationsMarketCredit, Operations  including Cash  Collateral ManagementClearing  Settlement, Technology, Finance, and Compliance) to be able to face off to key stakeholders with strong credibility.
Key areas of product knowledge to include OTC derivatives, Fixed Income and Equities.
An understanding of the key market, global and regulatory drivers shaping the industry and an ability to articulate these by way of opportunities for consulting firms to support the industry.
In-depth experience gained in either consulting or industry with exposure to shaping and delivering significant programmes. Key areas of interest include regulatory-driven change, operating model analysis and design to support functional consolidation and integration, and architecture simplification.
Experience of working within or driving multiple, diverse and complex client programmes and having accountability for managing deliverables andor resourcesteams.
Self-starter and strong team player.
Strong interpersonal  written communication skills.
Strong problem-solving skills and an analytical mind-set.
Demonstrable expertise in building and leveraging relationships.
The ability to present to a wide range of stakeholder from AVP to senior MDs.

 Other Expectations

To balance client delivery and supporting development of new client opportunities or market propositions with the Capital Markets and Regulatory leadership team.

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement
