Cloud Architect
About Capco
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We arehave:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture
A growing Digital presence offering a range of technical delivery and consultancy services to support our clients Digital agendas

Role Description
We are looking for a Cloud Architect, with hands-on experience, who has proven experience delivering software solutions using the latest technologies and frameworks.
Youll be designing, building and overseeing projects within an agile environment, with examples including the creation of;
New BanksYes, seriously! We have delivered and are actively building new digital banks from scratch for our global clients
New Open Banking Services
We played a key role in shaping the open banking regulation and are now delivering it for clients
As a Capco Cloud Architect you will;

Have deep technical knowledge of one or more cloud providers public offerings and is curious to learn others, as well as cloud agnostic approaches and technologies
Be able to understand clients objectives and shape cloud solutions that best achieve the requirements of our clients
Have personally made valuable contributions to cloud products  solutions and cloud orientated teams and can articulate the value to customers
Have the ability to communicate complex cloud concepts to non-experts with eloquence and confidence
Be conscious of the importance of ensuring cloud solutions meet risk, compliance and audit needs
Have a genuine interest in the emerging cloud practices and technologies being used in finance and other industries and creative about how to apply these to client use cases
Proven experience of leading others and creating an environment that supports and inspires people to develop and deliver
Understand current engineering practices experience of engineering best practices including DevOps, GitOps, Trunk based development etc
Highly collaborative and sharing cloud knowledge with Capco colleagues during the full lifecycle from project mobilisation to production implementation
Have a passion for being part of the team that is forming the future of finance.

Skills  Expertise
You will have some or all of the following skills  experiences:

A strong technical background with demonstrable expertise in at least one of AWS, GCP or Azure.
Good knowledge and understanding of the cloud technology stack spanning compute, storage, security, monitoring, access management and networks
An understanding of IAM principles, tools, role-based access controls and experience of implementing cloud security best practices.
Range of cloud experience from cloud native solutioning, re-engineering for the cloud to workload lift and shift
Experience and understanding of containers and implementing container platforms using Docker, GKE, AKS etc.
Experience and understanding of Infrastructure as Code provisioning  management and tooling (eg: Hashicorp Terraform)
Experience with design strategies and tools to deploy, monitor, and administer Cloud applications and the underlying services for Cloud.
Experience with industry standard Cloud security frameworks (such as NIST, CSA and MITRE ATTCK) and Cloud controls integration into DevSecOps toolchain
Knowledge and experience of building Cloud security patterns aligned to industry best practice frameworks
Great communication skills with the ability to present complex ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences including during sales conversations
Extensive knowledge of modern technology trends, especially in the Cloud space.

Desirable

A background in proven cloud delivery is most important but it would be highly desirable to have achieved Solutions Architecture andor Engineering certifications with AWS, GCP or Azure. 

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement
