About Capco
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.
Skills  Expertise
You will have experience working with the following MethodologiesTechnologies;
 
Responsibilities:
Support Tech Lead to design cloud based microservice infrastructure and DevSecOps platforms.
 
Qualifications:

5 years of experience in software development cycle
Broad experience in network andor infrastructure architecture and solutioning, including knowledge of Cloud offerings and virtualisation technologies.
Experience in technology risk mitigation and good stakeholder management skills preference
Delivery of assigned Programs  Projects through the consumption of established technology services, patterns, strategies and roadmaps.
Technology Architecture creation for projects and other initiatives.
Validation of technology requirements to ensure they are fit for purpose and cost-effective and practical.
Articulate platform functional and non-functional requirements to support assignment outcomes.
Contribute to the development of technology platform strategy and roadmaps
Familiar with Azure cloud platform (configuration, tenancy management, security, networking, compute, storage, caching and data services)
Experienced in Infrastructure as Code frameworks such as Terraform and Policy as Code frameworks such as OPA or Pulumi

 
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.