ABOUT CAPCO 
Capco is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services and insurance industries. Capco is committed to providing clients with practical solutions. We offer a globally integrated service with offices in leading financial centers across the globe. We have the people, the vision, and the passion.
We are growing through a significant growth journey, now is a very good time to join us as we expand geographically, increase headcount and disrupt the consulting market across APAC with entrepreneurial and agile thinking.
ABOUT CAPCO MALAYSIA
We are experts in banking, capital markets, wealth, asset management, and insurance.
We specialize in risk and compliance, regulatory transformation, digital transformation, data management  data analytics, business  finance transformation engagements, and IT transformation and change programs.
We are committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent in the market.
Our focus is on maintaining our agile and entrepreneurial culture
RESPONSIBILITIES 
As a Managing Principal at Capco you will be given the support and autonomy to expand our banking and payment footprint in Malaysia and playing a key role in driving business with the clients and the delivery of projects. You will work closely with clients to deliver large-scale change initiatives for banking and payment projects with large financial institutions. Fitting that description, you will also need to have a passion for developing high performing teams, coaching junior staff members, and fostering communities of interest around specific skills sets.
SKILLS AND EXPERTISE 
Key for this role is there is requirement to have a background banking and payment  both technical and commercial:
Technical
  Significant experience (guide of 10 years) with a large global consulting organization, with extensive experience delivering banking and payment related projects.
  Deep knowledge of banking and payment process and in depth knowledge of the legacy constructs that exist within the industry.
 Deep understanding of tech modernization programmes within financial services
 Extensive knowledge of the financial services (banking and payment) value chain and distribution channels with in depth knowledge of key, vendors, solutions and financial services organisations that operate across them.
 Experience of leading application development programmes within financial services and how to operationalize and integrate new applications into the existing legacy structure
 Must have proven delivery experience of largecomplex programmes with big cross discipline teams managing multiple stakeholders.
 Excellent senior stakeholder management skills.
 Experience and knowledge of implementing and working in new Agile ways of working preferable. 
Commercial
 Must possess a strong network and good reputation among the APAC financial services
 Experience of leading and managing internal teams and capability areas with ownership and accountability of PLs
 Sales experience preferred with proven track record of developing GTM strategies, developing opportunities and a pipeline of work and good traction of sales conversions. 
 Account management experience preferred with a track record of successfully growing relationships and revenues in key client
 
READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEP? 
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. 