MANAGING PRINCIPAL  INSURANCE  TECHNOLOGY
China - Hong Kong
 
ABOUT CAPCO 
Capco is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services and insurance industries. Capco is committed to providing clients with practical solutions. We offer a globally integrated service with offices in leading financial centers across the globe. We have the people, the vision, and the passion.
We are growing through a significant growth journey, now is a very good time to join us as we expand geographically, increase headcount and disrupt the consulting market across APAC with entrepreneurial and agile thinking.
 
ABOUT CAPCO HONG KONG

We are experts in banking, capital markets, wealth, asset management, and insurance.
We specialize in risk and compliance, regulatory transformation, digital transformation, data management  data analytics, business  finance transformation engagements, and IT transformation and change programs.
We are committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent in the market.
Our focus is on maintaining our agile and entrepreneurial culture.

 
RESPONSIBILITIES

As a Managing Principal at Capco you will be given the support and autonomy to expand our insurance footprint in Hong Kong and playing a key role in driving business with the clients and the delivery of projects. You will work closely with clients to deliver large-scale change initiatives for leading insurance institutions. Fitting that description, you will also need to have a passion for developing high performing teams, coaching junior staff members, and fostering communities of interest around specific skills sets.

 
SKILLS AND EXPERTISE
Key for this role is there is requirement to have a background in insurance  both technical and commercial:
Technical

Significant experience (guide of 10 years) with a large global consulting organization, within their technology practice with extensive experience delivering insurance related projects or significant experience within an insurer or solution provider to the insurance industry in roles such as Head of ITDigital.
Deep knowledge of insurance enterprise architectures and indepth knowledge of the legacy constructs that exist within the industry.
Deep understanding of tech modernization programmes within insurers, including cloud migration, API enablement and micro-services.
Extensive knowledge of the insurance value chain and distribution channels with in depth knowledge of key, vendors, solutions and insuretech organisations that operate across them.
Experience of leading application development programmes within insurance and how to operationalize and integrate new applications into the existing legacy structure
Experience of guiding new technology solutions through complex architectural governance forums.
Must have proven delivery experience of largecomplex programmes with big cross discipline teams managing multiple stakeholders.
Excellent senior stakeholder management skills
Experience and knowledge of implementing and working in new Agile ways of working preferable (likely tech lead positions)

Commercial

Must possess a strong network and good reputation among the APAC insurancetech community
Experience of leading and managing internal teams and capability areas with ownership and accountability of PLs
Sales experience preferred with proven track record of developing GTM strategies, developing opportunities and a pipeline of work and sales conversions of over 1m USD per annum
Account management experience preferred with a track record of successfully growing relationships and revenues in key clients

 
 