MLOps Engineer
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
ABOUT US
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We are:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement

The Role
We are looking for an MLOps Engineer to support data scientists and data engineers to build, productionize and deploy machine learning models following best practice. You will work with multi-disciplinary delivery teams, and engage with clients choose and use the right DevOps tooling, MLOps approach and cloud services to allow team to release to production.
Responsibilities 

Advise on building modern, scalable, and secure CICD pipelines to automate development and deployment workflows used by data scientists (ML pipelines) and data engineers (data pipelines).
Deploying, managing, and optimizing ML models in both QA and production environments, ensuring smooth integration and efficient operations.
Data science model review, code optimization, containerization, deployment, versioning, and monitoring of its quality
Design and implement model monitoring pipelines for performance, accuracy, drift, and anomalies, .
Lead the design and implementation of cloud solutions, including building MLOps pipelines on cloud platforms (ideally on GCP)
Mentor and nurture other engineers to help them grow their skills and expertise

Essentials skills to succeed

Experience contributing to the build and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability, and scaling) of production-grade Cloud and DevOps applications, preferably solving for multiple teams and analytics use cases
On-the-job experience working with data teams and automating ML and other data-intensive applications development workflows
Practical knowledge on model updates or rollback based on feedback or metrics (e.g. using Model Registry)
Experience with modern development methods and tooling: CICD tools (Jenkins, Circle CI, Github actions), containers and container orchestration (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), version control, (Git), orchestration  DAGs tools (Airflow, Argo, Kubeflow),
Practical knowledge delivering and maintaining production software such as APIs and cloud infrastructure
Previous Financial Services experience is highly preferred.

 