About the Team:
The Learning  Development (LD) team partners closely with the executive leadership team, business leaders and HR Business Partners to identify learning needs and to design, develop and deliver relevant training programs for our consultants.
About the Job:  
As an LD Specialist, you will require four key skills:  the ability to assess, design, develop, and deliver.  This role will enable you to create opportunities for knowledge sharing across the business.  You will also have the scope to proactively manage the end to end delivery of several core training programs. You will engage with key stakeholders to update and work with them on LD initiatives aligned to their specific business strategy. You will also engage with the global learning strategy to ensure alignment to our culture, values, company goals and objectives.
What Youll Get to Do: 

Design, develop and deliver scalable learning, leadership, and career development programs for both face to face and virtual consumption
Continually assess, review, and evolve existing programs as the business continues to grow
Proactively resolve project, design, or resource issues
Provide outstanding program management support
Foster an environment of social and blended learning using LMS
Measure training effectiveness and produce analytics to inform any program updates
Manage external vendor relationships
Facilitate instructor-led, face to face and virtual soft skill trainings
Build and maintain strong relationships with subject matter experts across the business

What Youll Bring with You: 

4 years previous, demonstrable success in a Learning and Development role, with experience in training design, development, delivery and facilitation
Financial services and consulting experience preferred 
Deep end-to-end program management experience
Ability to evaluate, prioritize, escalate and problem solve in high pressure situations
Ability to multi-task and manage several tasks  projects at the same time
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills with the ability to work within ambiguity
High attention to detail and execution excellence in a fast-paced environment
Strong PowerPoint and Excel skills
Knowledge of Cornerstone LMS, Beekast, MURAL, MS Teams
Client-focused, proactive with a strong mind-set for continuous improvement
Outstanding interpersonal and coaching skills

Why Capco
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.
Ready to take the Next Step 
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.New York Pay Range90,000—119,000 USD