Junior Project Manager  Junior Business Analyst (0-2 Years Experience)  Regulatory Exposure, Capital Markets experience desirable
 Location - Glasgow 23 days a week commutable from surrounding areas  (inc Edinburgh etc)
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
About Capco
We are:

Experts in capital markets, banking and payments and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

Role Description
This is a fantastic opportunity for someone interested and keen to enter financial services and keen to grow their career as a Change professional (Project Manager  Business Analyst). You might be a recent graduate with A levels or a university degree or someone who has previously worked at a financial institution as a Junior Project manager  Junior Business Analyst
The Change professional will participate in a range of activities focused on executing tasks such Governance: status reporting, administering governance meetings (minutes, actions, meeting material production and maintenance of project plans, risk and issue logs etc.
The role of the junior change professional requires excellent attention to detail and analytical skills and will be attractive to individuals who thrive in high paced, and deadline driven environments.
Your responsibilities will include and not limited to the following;

Governance: status reporting, administering governance meetings (minutes, actions, meeting material production
Maintenance of project plans, risk and issue logs
Execution of low-level delivery tasks
Business  Functional Analysis experience - collation of business or data requirements, data analysis
MS Excel experience analysing and interpreting data, and production of management information
Change  Project Management Experience


Capital Markets experience is also desirable including:

Capital markets eco-system and participants. E.g. sell side, buy side, market infrastructure, etc.
Understanding of products -it t can be across Equities, Derivatives, Debt  Fixed Income, Cash  Money Market, rates or Commodities


Understanding of the trade lifecycle from pre-trade, execution, post-trade to Operations, Finance and Risk, Capital Management, Operations, Middle Office, Operational Risk, Liquidity Management and Regulatory exposure in any of the following: MiFID II  MiFIR, Basel III, IBOR, FRTB, CRD  CRR, SFTR.

Full and detailed training will be provided.
Skills and Experience

You will be driven, diligent and process oriented
Analytical and comfortable using Excel
Excellent attention to detail
Great communication skills  written  verbal
You will have completed your A-Levels or will be a new graduate (any degree, but business, law, maths or finance preferred)

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement

NEXT STEPS
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, please do not hesitate to apply. We are looking forward to receiving your application.
To learn more about Capco and its people check out the website on www.capco.com