 
Job Title: Data Engineer  Alteryx  Spark
 
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery.
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
MAKE AN IMPACT
 
Data Engineer - Alteryx, Spark and Databricks
Experience: 13 years

Should have experience in Alteryx and Spark for 4 years (Min experience).
Should have Databricks experience of 2 years
Proficient in building data pipelines across the engineeringBIAI-ML use cases
Good to have an understanding of BI platforms- Tableau or PowerBI
Should have good understanding of SDLC and Big Data Application Life Cycle
Should have experience in GIT HUB and GIT commands
Good to have experience in CICD tools such Jenkins and Ansible
Fast problem solving and self-starter
Positive attitude, good communication skills (written and verbal both)
 

Location: Pune
 
 
 
 