LEAD BACKEND ENGINEER - JAVA
UK - London
About Capco 
Capco is a fully independent, global management and technology consultancy. For 20 years we have combined innovative thinking with deep industry knowledge to deliver business consulting, digital transformation and technology services to Finance and Energy markets. Our collaborative and efficient approach helps clients reduce costs and manage risk and regulatory change while increasing revenues. We are thinkers, innovators, and disruptors. We are small enough to care but large enough to matter.
The Role
We are looking for engineers who want to play a key part in supporting the evolution of the Financial Services industry one project at a time. You will be expected to be a strong team player who prides themselves on delivering modern, first class cloud based platforms through practicing best in class Agile ways of working at all times.
As a Lead Engineer at Capco, you will:

Demonstrate practical experience of engineering best practices, while being obsessed with continuous improvement
Have expertise in a set of the teams domains, including the breadth of services, how they interact, and data flows between systems
Able to work alone or with teams drawing on experience to recommend tooling and solutions aligning with organisational strategies. Influences organisation wide testing strategy
Architects services and systems using well accepted design patterns to allow for iterative, autonomous development and future scaling. Guides teams in anticipation of future use cases and helps them make design choices that minimise the cost of future changes
Actively contributes to security designs based on the organisations security strategy. Fosters a security first mindset across teams, and sets the example. Has advanced knowledge of key security technologies, protocols  techniques (e.g. TLS, OAuth, Encryption, Networks)
Be comfortable managing engineers ensuring they are tracking the teams efficiency and quality of work, they assist in regularly adjusting processes and timelines to ensure high quality work is delivered
Have personally made valuable contributions to products, solutions and teams and can articulate the value to customers.
Have played a role in the delivery of critical business applications and ideally customer facing applications.
Have the ability to communicate complex ideas to non-experts with eloquence and confidence.
Have an awareness and understanding of new technologies being used in finance and other industries and loves to experiment.
Have a passion for being part of the engineering team that is forming the future of finance.

Skills  Expertise
You will have experience working with some of the following MethodologiesTechnologies;
Essentials:

Excellent knowledge of Java 8, SpringBoot, Gradle, Maven, Mockito, Microservice architecture
Excellent knowledge of Object-oriented programming and familiarity with functional programming languages
Excellent understanding of collections and concurrency in Java
Experience in working with restful APIs
Good understanding of different databases (Relational and NoSQL)
Expert knowledge in the unit test, static code analysis and BDDTDD
Experience in continuous integration with Git, Jenkins, Nexus
Practices Agile methodologies
Able to do code reviews mentor and train junior developers
Write highly available, maintainable and secure code
Good understanding of Web and Architectural design patterns
Great understanding of the Solid Principles, OWASP, CAP Theorem and Distributed Systems Design
Stakeholder Management and able to communicate well to all the team members
Experience with container technologies including Docker  Kubernetes
Wider Engineering technical expertise

Desirable:

Knowledge of Terraform and Event-driven architecture
Golang
Participated in redesigning a monolith system to a set of microservices
Knowledge of serverless functions like AWS LambdaAzure FunctionsGCP functions
Have experience in Messaging systems (Kafka, RabbitMQ etc.)
Good understanding of Service Security Protocols (OAuth2, SAML etc.)
Practical experience on at least one cloud
Experience in integration with 3rd party applications and vendors
Experience in integration of QA automation tools

We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause, and bereavement

Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.