Data Analytics Lead  Managing Principal (Senior Manager)
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help. 
ABOUT US
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector.
We are:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

WHY JOIN CAPCO? 
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry. 
We offer: 

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees 
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise 
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients 
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement.

THE ROLE
We are currently seeking a Data Analytics Lead to drive the strategy and growth of our industry recognised, and award-winning Data Practice. To be considered for this role you will be a respected authority in the analytics industry, with experience in helping to build and run an analytics consulting business. This is an exciting opportunity to join a growing team of multi-disciplinary data practitioners, who you will direct and collaborate with to develop new businesses and deliver cutting-edge analytics, data science and AI projects for top-tier Financial Services clients. You will play a key role in helping to direct and drive the growth of the data analytics capability, identifying business development opportunities on new and existing clients, and aiding the development of client proposals, and propositions.
Capcos global Data Practice of 800 practitioners are an established team of data strategists, analysts, scientists, architects, and engineers who help client teams harness the power of data to drive insight, optimise performance, and commercialise data opportunities.  We enable financial institutions to become data-driven by helping transform their understanding, and use of data to derive value. We translate strategy into action  designing, implementing, and mobilising innovative data capabilities with a focus on efficiency and scalability, and partnering with leading vendors and industry bodies.
You will help to develop the UK Data Practice and support the broader Global Data Practice on industry changing topics such as Advanced Analytics, Artificial Intelligence, Intelligent Automation, and Machine Learning. Collaboration, enthusiasm, and encouragement are key in ensuring we maintain our culture, and working in an environment where clients become colleagues. We are looking for a candidate who will empower the team, drive high standards, grow the capability, and deliver customer focused outcomes.
Our clients and peers voted us as the A-Team Best Consultancy in Data Management in 2021 and 2022, and value our ability to identify and develop top data talent. In addition to winning the Best Consultancy of the year 2022 in the British Banking Awards.
AS A DATA ANALYTICS LEAD YOU WILL

Identify and research business development opportunities on new or existing clients and aiding the development of client proposals and bids.
Have a strong commercial focus, ability to develop client relationships, direct sales opportunities and develop data propositions.
Build market networks and relationships, to enhance the market awareness of the UK Data Practice.
Contribute to internally and externally facing innovation practice in your field
Create a collaborative culture, driving talent development, provide mentoring and coaching for those developing their careers in data
Be comfortable working across multiple projects and initiatives, driving the growth of new and existing data capabilities, engaging internal and external stakeholders.

SKILLS  EXPERTISE

8 years of consulting experience likely in a senior management or director position.
Experience in spearheading new business opportunities.
Understanding of common data concepts e.g., Data Strategy, Data Management, Data Governance, Data Architecture, Data Privacy, Data Literacy
Expertise in one or more of the following Data Science, Analytics  AI concepts: Machine Learning, Business Intelligence, MLOps, Analytics operating models, AI development and operationalisation, Data  AI Ethics, Data Analysis
Ability to develop working relationships with a wide variety of clients, from C-suite to technical resources, balancing conflicting priorities.
Background managing business and technical teams to deliver projects of varying sizes, from incubating innovative products to delivering large scale productionised analytics and data science models.
Essential experience working within Financial Services, Capital Markets, Insurance, or Wealth  Asset Management, in a data science, analytics and AI related role.
Desired experience in programme execution, business analysis and change management  proven ability to shape, design, and manage the execution of data programmes.
Experienced working in a multi-client environment that emphasises collaboration, and teamwork.
Experienced in recruiting and developing teams.

 