PRINCIPAL CONSULTANT  INSURANCE
Singapore
ABOUT CAPCO
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry.  With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.

We are experts in Banking, Capital Markets, and Wealth and Asset Management.
We are rapidly expanding our Insurance sector capability.
We specialise in Digital Transformation, Data Management  Data Analytics, Business  Finance Transformation engagements, and IT transformation and Change programmes.
We are committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent in the market.
Our focus is on maintaining our agile and entrepreneurial culture.

ABOUT THE JOB
As a Principal Consultant, you will be part of a Capco team working with clients in the Insurance space. You will be playing a key role in the delivery of projects and working on client site to deliver large-scale change initiatives for leading clients across Financial Services and Insurance sectors (i.e., Life, Pensions, Health  Employee Benefits, General Insurance, and Property  Casualty). You will be responsible for analysis, design, and consulting support, as well as developing an understanding of our clients strategic direction and issues. Fitting that description, you will also need to be supremely motivated person and able to work in a team where clients become colleagues too.
RESPONSIBILITIES

Provide end-to-end oversight for the delivery of complex, large-scale initiatives.
Support commercial growth of our Insurance clients in specific geographies and disciplines.
Develop forward-thinking technology, business, and digital solutions for insurance clients nationally.
Lead operations transformation and process improvement initiatives for multi-national insurers.
Work cross functionally to develop and execute digital transformation strategies to ensure our clients achieve their growth and efficiency objectives.
Manage the full lifecycle of work  aligning on deliverable(s), drafting the execution plan, establishing KPIs, and driving a scaled agile execution model to completion.
Synthesize market and industry trends into clearly articulated, tailored, and market differentiated client solutions.
Proactively engage with clients and Capco leadership in regular strategic  planning discussions; cultivate and manage a pipeline of work with clients.
Lead and mentor resources to grow in their careers.

REQUIREMENTS
Key for this role is there is requirement to have a background in Financial Services or Insurance within one of our core capability areas:

Digital Transformation
Data Strategy, Data Management  Data Analytics
Business  Finance Transformation
IT Transformation

We are also keen to bring on those from a consulting background in other industries that can then apply these perspectives and techniques to our core sectors and capability.
We are looking for exceptional talent with the following:

8 years of relevant experience in the Insurance industry with a specific focus on digital transformation across Operations, Underwriting, Distribution, andor Claims.
6 years of experience in one or more of the following areas within Insurance: digital transformation, agile transformation, operational excellence, designingimplementing target operating model.
A strong understanding of the project lifecycle and the ability to employ these concepts in process design, system implementation, and the development of client deliverable.
Business analysis experience in Insurance capability uplift and digital ways of working including designing or implementing target operating model strategies.
Experience delivering large scale program initiatives, reporting directly to senior stakeholders, and managing multiple teams.
Highly effective relationship and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to find ways of solving or pre-empting problems.
Must have a strong track record of delivery, driving business development within a consulting role, as well as the generation of sales.

WHY CAPCO?   
We are expanding our business rapidly across Singapore and Asia. You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banking and insurance clients in the world, projects that will deliver significant transformation and change.
We offer:
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers  we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm. We warmly value diversity and inclusion and embrace our collective uniqueness  our culture is a strong, fresh, and invigorating difference from our competitors.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical and dental insurance, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
 