Data Analytics  Principal Consultant
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
ABOUT US
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector.
We are:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement.

THE ROLE
We are currently seeking Data  Analytics Principal Consultants to support and drive the growth of our Data practice. This is an exciting opportunity to be at the heart of supporting a growing team of data practitioners, where you will be initiating and implementing cutting-edge data  analytics programmes for top-tier Financial Services clients.
Principal Consultants will be involved in developing the UK Data Practice capabilities and the broader Global Data Practice to supporting topics such as Cloud, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning.
KEY REQUIREMENTS

The ability to create a collaborative culture, driving talent development, providing mentorship and coaching for those developing their careers in data.
Having a strong commercial focus and the ability to develop client relationships, spearhead sales opportunities and data propositions.
Being comfortable working across multiple projects and initiatives, driving the growth of new and existing data capabilities, engaging internal and external stakeholders.
Having the desire to build market networks and relationships, to enhance the market awareness of the UK Data Practice, engaging with technical and non-technical audiences, within Finance and other industries.

SKILLS  EXPERTISE

5 years of consulting experience likely in a senior management position.
Understanding of data  analytics concepts e.g., Data Architecture, Business Intelligence, Data Ethics Lineage, Data Models, Data Quality, Data Analysis, Data Science, Machine learning and Data Literacy.
Expertise in one or more of the following Data Science, Analytics  AI concepts: Machine Learning, Business Intelligence, MLOps, Analytics operating models, AI development and operationalisation, Data  AI Ethics, Data Analysis
Ability to develop working relationships with a wide variety of clients, from C-suite to technical resources, balancing conflicting priorities.
Essential experience working within Financial Services, Capital Markets, Insurance, or Wealth  Asset Management, in a data science, analytics and AI related role.
Desired experience in programme execution, business analysis and change management  proven ability to shape, design, and manage the execution of data changes.
