
Job Title: Business Analyst- Capital MarketIB Domain
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery.  
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
Location - Mumbai  Bangalore
Years of Expn - 5 to 8 Years 
Role Description
 Ability to operate in both agile and waterfall style project methodologies and have an understanding of deliverables required for each methodology
 Sound understanding of trade lifecycle, global regulations and tradinginvestment banking processes
 Responsible for project stakeholder management
 Proven experience as Business Analyst with an Investment bank
 Work with project manager and business sponsors to scope and analyse the area of analysis
 Interface with business users on functional issues to analyse and define business and functional requirements
 Lead business requirement gathering session and document requirements to create business
 requirement specification document
 Excellent Communication, Organization and Documentation Skills
 Define testing objectives and liaise with testing teams
 Capital markets BA
 Trade Lifecycle
 Good understanding of financial products
Domain and Business Knowledge:
 Process change experience  Agile methodology (Mandatory) and tools
 Domain experience across key business areas  Trade Life cycle, SDLC, Trade Processing, Regulatory Reporting, Collateral Management, Derivatives Operations  at least one
 Critical thinking and ability to anticipate issues  plan stakeholder elicitation sessions
 Related industry  product knowledge
 Other Skills: Communication, Data Analysis, Presentation, Process Development, MS Office. Mastery, Issue Based Problem Solving, Root Cause Analysis, Business Case, Estimation, Scoping
If you are keen to join us, you will be part of an organization that values your contributions, recognizes your potential, and provides ample opportunities for growth. For more information, visit www.capco.com. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
