MANAGING PRINCIPAL  DATA  TECHNOLOGY
Singapore
ABOUT CAPCO
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.
We arehave:

We are experts in Banking, Capital Markets, and Wealth and Asset Management.
We are rapidly expanding our Insurance sector capability.
We specialise in Digital Transformation, Data Management  Data Analytics, Business  Finance Transformation engagements, and IT transformation and Change programmes.
We are committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent in the market.
Our focus is on maintaining our agile and entrepreneurial culture.

OUR DATA  TECH TEAM
Capcos Data  Tech Team helps our clients transform every aspect of their business.  We are highly skilled at formulating data strategy and defining business and technology initiatives across the data management lifecycle; we provide expertise in technical delivery, architecture, and change; we focus on new digital ventures, cloud-native initiatives, and devops-enabled agile delivery to bring real change to our clients.
As digital technologies advance and regulations tighten, todays consumers  and, therefore, todays businesses  are becoming more aware of the importance of good quality data and forward-looking technology. We pride ourselves in helping our clients transform their own delivery capabilities  assessing, improving, and delivering cutting-edge solutions for financial services clients.
RESPONSIBILITIES
As a Managing Principal at Capco, you will be playing a key role in the delivery of projects, working on client sites to deliver large-scale change initiatives for leading Local and MNCs across the Financial Services and Insurance sectors.
Key for this role is there is requirement to have a background in Financial Services or Insurance within one of our core capability areas:

Digital Transformation
Data Strategy, Data Management  Data Analytics
Business  Finance Transformation
IT Transformation

We are keen to bring on those from a consulting background in BFSI industries that can apply their perspectives and techniques to our core sectors and capability.
We are looking for exceptional talent with the following:

Strong interpersonal and influencing skills; the ability to interact with colleagues at all levels and achieve goals without direct control over resources.
Having a strong commercial focus, the ability to develop client relationships, and lead sales opportunities and datatech propositions.
Ability build market networks and relationships to enhance the market awareness of the SG Data  Tech practice.
Engaging with technical and non-technical audiences to deliver change initiatives for leading clients across financial services, including investment banking, retail banking, wealth, and insurance.
Strong emerging end-to-end generalist problem solving skills, e.g., defining, and deconstructing problems.
Extensive project and people management experience and ability to deliver and manage projects and individuals workstreams.

SKILLS AND EXPERTISE

Diverse problem-solving experience, such as experience with a top management consulting firm or in other generalist problem solving environments across the Financial Services andor Insurance sectors.
Understanding of data  analytics concepts e.g., Data Architecture, Business Intelligence, Data Ethics Lineage, Data Models, Data Quality, Data Analysis, Data Science, Machine Learning, and Data Literacy.
A good understanding of modern, cloud-based technology architecture.
An outstanding ability to think strategically, execute tactically, and enable cross-business and cross-functional teams.
Experience and capabilities to communicate with client leaders to influence direction and manage expectations, and excellent project and people management skills.
Strong understanding of Agile ways of working would be an advantage.

WHY CAPCO?   
We are expanding our business rapidly across Singapore and Asia. You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banking and insurance clients in the world, projects that will deliver significant transformation and change.
We offer:
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers  we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm.  We warmly value diversity and inclusion and embrace our collective uniqueness  our culture is a strong, fresh, and invigorating difference from our competitors.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical and dental insurance and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
 