Data Science Manager
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
ABOUT US
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector.
We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We are:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

What were looking for:
Our capability is going through a period of exciting growth and as a result we are searching for a Data Science Manager. This position would suit either a technical Data Science Lead looking for their next step, a Senior Data Scientist interested in moving from an individual contributor role into a leadership position.
The principal data scientist should be experienced in using statistical, algorithmic, mining andor visualisation techniques to address complex business problems and have demonstrable experience using data science and machine learning to see beyond the numbers.
The successful candidate will lead teams and be involved in all elements of technical delivery, from design to deployment. They will drive relationships with key clients, ensuring delivery of ongoing projects, as well as working to identify new commercial opportunities, taking pride in your ability to clearly articulate complex data strategies to non-technical stakeholders.
Responsibilities 

Understanding business challenges and creating valuable actionable insights
Performing analysis using statistical and ML methods for predictive analytics, classification, clustering and regression.
Owning end to end responsibility of design, development  operationalisation of machine learning solutions at scale
Establishing credibility across stakeholders by providing expert guidance on data science use cases and methodologies to execute

Essential skills
Analytics, modelling or software development experience including codingsoftware development skills. In particular:

Hands-on experience in building and implementing data science and machine learning solutions to tackle business problems
Experience with Python, ML libraries (e.g. spaCy, NumPy, SciPy, Transformers, etc.), big data tools and technologies (Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Redshift, SQL), and toolkits for ML and deep learning (SparkML, Tensorflow, Keras)
Strong communication skills  ability to translate complex solutions into business implications and at the same time being able to explain mathematical process when required
Experience of working in cloud environments (Azure, GCP, AWS)
Experience in working  collaborating with variety of stakeholders  clients throughout data science project lifecycle

You are also expected to have:

Higher level degree (MsCPhD) in a numerate discipline.
Banking andor Financial Services experience.
Excellent leadership skills
Able to articulate complex data science concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences

Bonus points:

Experience deploying machine learning models and systems to production (DevOps, MLOps, CICD)

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement

 