
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
About CAPCO
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry. Capco is going through a significant growth journey, now is a very good time to join us as we expand our consulting team in Italy.
We arehave:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

 
ROLE DESCRIPTION
As a Human Resources Manager at Capco, you will be responsible for working directly with the Managing Partner as we grow our presence in Italy. You will work on a wide variety of tasks and help to implement processes as well as new systems.
The preferred candidate will be expected to: 

Support the development and implementation of internal HR processes covering the full employee lifecycle
Central contact for all HR-related topics
Collaborate closely with Central Europe HR Lead and local finance and operations function as well as local senior leadership team
Plan and manage the local recruitment and HR budget
Talent acquisition in close collaboration with supporting team
Onboarding of new employees
Manage employee relations
Maintain and manage the employee benefit plans
Run the performance management process in line with the global standards and procedures
Run payroll in collaboration with our external provider
Offboarding of employees
Fleet management
Coordinate and liaise with auditors, provide necessary documentation and address audit inquiries
Provide ad-hoc HR reports on key HR metrics

Required Skills:

Profound understanding of Italian labor law and NCBA principles
Very good communication skills, open to interact with various stakeholders (e. g. Sr. Management, Finance, HR)
8 years in an HR Business Partner role or similar expertise
Profound understanding of Talent Acquisition, HR processes, employee benefit schemes, payroll and HR reporting standards
Affinity for numbers
Fluent in English and Italian

We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise in our financial services offerings
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
An agile, diverse, entrepreneurial, inclusive, meritocratic

 Next Steps
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, please do not hesitate to apply. We are looking forward to receiving your application.
To learn more about Capco and its people check out the website on www.capco.com
 
