About the Team:
Capco is a global business and technology consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
Working in Banking and Payments at Capco extends well beyond a traditional consulting role  we focus on developing talent within a supportive environment while simultaneously challenging tomorrows leaders to partner with our clients and shape the future of financial services. At Capco, we deliver innovative solutions that shape market-leading strategies through implementing advanced technology with modern methods. Our experience across the ecosystem of banking segments, products, customer experiences, and supporting infrastructure has strengthened our reputation for innovation within the industry. We partner with commercial banks with capabilities including but not limited to lending, deposits, treasury  cash management, online banking, and payments.
The team offers our clients the support and guidance they need to compete in an industry that has and continues to experience rapid modernization and change.  Whether our clients are seeking to enhance operational performance, accelerate change, or transform the customer experience, our goal is to help them emerge as industry leaders and meet or exceed their business goals.
About the Job:
As a Principal Consultant on the Banking and Payments team, you will work in a fast-paced team setting, alongside industry experts. You will become an expert in deploying technical solutions complimented by the creation of new business process changes. You will leverage your learnings and consulting expertise to better understand how to help advance our clients progress towards meeting their evolving needs.
What Youll Get to Do: 

Provide end-to-end oversight for the delivery of complex, large-scale initiatives
Co-lead commercial growth of Capcos US housing practice
Promote Capcos service offerings in housing finance to existing and new clients in specific geographies and disciplines
Lead and mentor resources to grow in their careers
Comfortable in facilitating the business to technology handshake to deliver on objectives
Act as a key leader in growth market
Develop frameworks, approaches, solutions and recommendations that effectively and efficiently address the most impactful opportunities and challenges related to loan prospecting, originating, servicing and the associated technology systems, including their implementation, administration or optimization
Develop forward-thinking technology, business, and digital solutions for banking clients nationally
Synthesize market and industry trends into clearly articulated, tailored, and market differentiated client solutions
Produce insights, analyses and recommendations to improve client performance, drive understanding of client issues and provide strategic guidance related to loan products
Proactively engage with clients and Capco leadership in regular strategic  planning discussions; cultivate and manage a pipeline of work with clients

What Youll Bring with You:

7 years of experience in mortgage operations with a bank or an independent mortgage banker
5 years of experience in a mid or high level leadership role
Management consulting experience required 
Deep understanding of mortgage technology including LOS, POS, CRM
Expert level understanding of all aspects of the mortgage origination lifecycle (sales, origination, underwriting, closing and servicing) 
Demonstrated experience working with business and technology stakeholders, from ideation to implementation, in strategic initiatives
Self-starter with strong desire to be part of and contribute to a growth story
Ability to effectively manage team members to ensure the completion of project deliverables that exceed client expectations
Outstanding ability to analyze problems, apply quantitative analytical approaches, communicate effectively and confidently (both oral and written)
Strong ability to work well in and lead cross-functional teams
Openness to an environment of active developmental feedback from both leadership and peers
Advanced MS Excel and MS PowerPoint skills
Experience working in an Agile environment is a plus
Bachelors degree required
MBA or advanced degree preferred

Why Capco?
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
Ready to take the Next Step 
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.