Central Europe Recruitment Lead - (Location - Frankfurt preferred)
Consulting  Consultancy experience preferred
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can. We believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We arehave:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

The Role
This is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Talent Acquisition Leader to join the Central Europe team whilst we work towards highly ambitious growth plans.
 
You will lead a team of experienced talent acquisition professionals on a mission to tell Capcos compelling story and create a best-in-class candidate experience. Proven successful experience in stakeholder management and engagement will be critical to your success. This position requires strong relationship management skills and close alignment with the business leaders to drive strategy and results. 
Capco has a strong emphasis on diversity and inclusion so would look for someone who will support this through creating innovative attraction and sourcing strategies.
You will work in a fast-growing, constantly changing environment, where you will be viewed as a true partner to the business.
You will also be responsible for:

In collaboration with Business Leaders, developing and communicating the recruitment strategy
Leading the TA team to meet business demands, building sustained recruiting capability through effective team leadership
Developing brand awareness and working on diverse and innovative attraction strategies to enable us to attract in a competitive candidate market
Producing accurate and meaningful performance reporting to help drive successful outcomes, team productivity and business decisions
Holding regular 121s with the team leads to discuss roadblocks  solutions and foster a motivated, collaborative working environment
Driving and supporting projects which benefit the immediate team, wider recruitment function and business as a whole
Senior level recruitment

It will be very useful if you have some or all of the following skills and experience:

Proven success within an inhouse recruitment role with extensive stakeholder management
Ability to demonstrate volume direct hiring delivery
Previous team management experience is essential
Previous experience in an onsite  in-house role is essential
High level of aptitude in oral, written and email communication.
An aptitude for problem solving and independent thinking
Able to work to multiple deadlines and multi-task.
Able to prioritise and manage time effectively
Experience in financial services andor consultancy recruitment would be an advantage

Why join Capco
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Capco offers a very attractive remuneration and benefits in line with your level of experience

NEXT STEPS
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, please do not hesitate to apply. We are looking forward to receiving your application.
To learn more about Capco and its people check out the website on www.capco.com
 