
About CapcoOur team in Capco specializes in management consulting  software development, mostly for international banks and insurance companies in western Europe. Do you want to learn more about our culture and people? Visit https:www.capco.comCareersBratislava Benefits of working for Capco:

The opportunity to work with experienced colleagues for prestigious banks
The opportunity to work on different projects, no routine
Technical and soft skills training, professional certifications, full access to the Udemy online learning platform
Private health care, sick days, employees vacation  25 days per year, regardless of the age
Cafeteria provided by the Benefits plus services (50 EUR monthly) andor contribution to 3rd pillar
Fully paid meal vouchers
Smartphone and internet with 1.000 GB of data, laptop
Home-office friendly: we provide flexibility to work remotely from the home office, as well as from our office in Bratislava - Nivy Tower (Fresh fruit, relaxing zone, game room  table football, PS4, pet friendly office)
We care: we support the well-being of our employees (Yoga lessons, mental health webinars - Liga za duevn zdravie), team sports activities  e.g. running challenges, multisport card, participation on the volunteering days

Wage

from 2.300 EUR (salary will be adjusted based on previous experience)
annual bonus  benefit package
indefinite period contract 

 
Role Description

Execution of test cases, automated test scripts, defect handling and root cause analyses
Test case preparation
Contribution to test plan and test approach 
Automation and execution of regression tests
Test reporting (progress, defect, forecast etc.)

 
Skills and Expertise

Hands-on professional experience in Java programming language used for test automation combined with Selenium WebDriver and API testing frameworks
Experience with testing any automation tools, frameworks and methodologies
Strong expertise in testing methodology (Agile, Waterfall) and experience in integration testing, regression testing and non-functional testing
Nice to have experience in test automation framework architecture design and development in a green field
Ability to prioritize, organize and monitor project tasksactivities, analytical thinking, independent in decision-making
Fluent in English
German language  nice to have

 
Recruitment process steps:

Screening call with the Recruiter
TechnicalCompetencies interview with experienced Capco colleague
FeedbackOffer

 
You are important to us! Thats why you get a personal coach at our side who supports you individually. With our start-up mentality and our flat hierarchy, you have every opportunity to place your ideas and to put them into practice. In addition, after work, you have numerous opportunities to expand your internal network and get to know new faces through joint sports activities and team events.
Have we made you curious? Then apply now! It takes only 5 minutes. 
If you have any other question related to the position please reach out to me: 
  tomas.vancocapco.com
 Tomas Vanco  LinkedIn