About Capco
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy focused on the Financial Services industry, with over 32 offices in Asia, North America and Europe. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry. For over 20 years we have combined innovative thinking with deep industry knowledge to deliver business consulting, digital transformation and technology services to our clients.
We are:
 Experts in banking, payments, capital markets, insurance and wealth  asset management
 Deep knowledge in digital innovation and emerging technology within financial services
 Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
 Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture
Capco Asia Pacific currently operates in four locations  Hong Kong (Asia Headquarters), Thailand, Singapore and Kuala Lumpur, with each office conveniently located in the central business district. Our people are passionate about collaborating with our clients to tackle the pressing issues facing Asias financial services industry, and weve stably grown to over 1,000 people in APAC as a result.
About the Job:
As a Principal Consultant, you will partner with our Leadership team to proactively work on business development with a focus within the Insurance domain. You will be able to leverage your knowledge  network within the space to sell high value digital consulting engagements. The Principal Consultant (Insurance) will operate within an innovative and agile environment where a self-driven sales professional would thrive. You will work with existing accounts as well as developing projects for new accounts within Thailand.
What Youll Get to Do:
 Develop and execute key growth sales strategies and action plans to achieve targets.
 Facilitate and manage the sales process, focus on value proposition and differentiators, provide client insight and feedback.
 Pursue digital and data projects within insurance clients
 Develop collaborative relationships with clients and their teams and communicate relevant positioning strategies and potential solutions for their clients and prospects.
 Actively participate in the proposal development, RFP and RFI response processes for these opportunities
 Maintain sales pipeline data for their opportunitiesassist with administration of same
 Build and maintain strong relationships with customers and prospects through partnering with them to better understand their needs and growth goals
 Collaborate across accounts, industries and domains to address and solve complex problems
 Provide visibility into strategic shifts with accounts and budget changes that will impact sales efforts.
What Youll Bring with You:
 Minimum 8 years of professional experience with leading management consultancies for Insurance Companies.
 Experience in developing and leading digital innovation and transformation programs
 Should have solid understanding and experience in one or more digital and data capabilities such as data analytics, AI and RPA within financial services industry.
 Bachelors degree in Business or a related field or equivalent experience
 Strong understanding of Insurance industry (life and non-life) issues and ability to articulate value propositions internally and externally.
 Ability to develop trusted and durable relationships with clients and ecosystem partners across the domain.
 Experience collaborating across teams and domains to identify sales opportunities.
 Strong verbal and written communication skills
 Technically savvy with PowerPoint and Excel with ability to analyse data and conclude business insights.
 Highly adaptable, and able to thrive in ambiguous and ever change environments.
 Desirable that you have an existing network you can leverage, as well as a track record of sourcing clients through prospecting and networking to win new projects.
 
Why Join Capco?
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. You will work on engaging projects with some of the leading banks and insurers in Thailand, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:
 A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees.
 Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise.
 A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients.
 A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture.
Next StepsIf youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, then were looking forward to receiving your application. 
 