Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.
Job Responsibilities 

Assists in the planning and assigning task to junior System Analyst.
Participates in understanding of business requirement and processes from BA and related parties and analyst system impact and defines system scope.
Participates in solution design by preparing and evaluating alternative workflow solutions.
Leads team interact with developer to understand software limitations and develops, writes, and communicates systems design, functional system specifications i.e. System Workflow, Database and API and functional architecture to developer.
Provides advice, guidance, encouragement and constructive feedback to junior in team during preparing solution, design, and systems design, functional system specifications process or related with working.
Ensures compliance with organizations technology standards.
Ensures completeness of technical requirements and functional architecture analysis for the design and implementation of system business solutions.
Help developer during system development, e.g. provide use cases, flowcharts, validate or confirm requirement from BA.
Validates test results during testing and analyzes testing results to ensure the solution meets the needs of the business, then facilitates issue resolution.
Leads team interact with dep ops and IT security to configurate infrastructure i.e. gateway, firewall, EDW or data lake to serve implementation per epicBL.
Review and give comment for improvement junior senior analysts document.
Coaches and transfers knowledge to all team members.
Provide advice and consultation to other more junior System Analysts on more difficult and complex assignments and implement ways to reuse requirements across projects.
Investigate, resolve and escalate problems from production issue and develop recommendations for resolution.
Identifies need for technical assistance to help in problem resolution.
Makes recommendations for modifications or technical solution to increase effectiveness and efficiency.
Analyzes technology trends to determine impact to the achievement of business goals.
Identifies issues based on impact of newemerging technology or modifications to existing systems.

Skills  Experience  Qualification
Types of experience  skills that we are looking for:

University education and degree (preferable business or IT related), and strong academic record
Minimum of 2-5 years of experience in a similar role (Business Integration or Business Analyst)
Minimum of 2-5 years of experience in a client facing position
Experience in Financial Services industry
Experience working in the scrum environment
Experience in requirements management andor process modeling
Knowledge of multiple development methodologies, e.g. RUP, Kanban, SCRUM, Waterfall
Excellent written and verbal skills in English
Perseverance and pragmatism to solve complex problems
Ability to perform under pressure
Ability to work in a multicultural and international environment

 