Job Title: Regulatory Reporting -BA
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery.  
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Location:  Mumbai  Pune
Experience: 4 to 7 Years 
Desired profile
Knowledge  Experience  Qualifications  Strong business writing skills with ability to communicate complex ideas simply and convincingly, ask insightful questions, break analytical challenges into workable components, and draw meaningful conclusions.  Highly motivated, with strong organizational, analytical and problem solving skills, possessing follow through, ability to manage, monitor, track, and clearly communicate progress on multiple initiatives  Experience of Product Based Planning a distinct advantage  Evidence of effective relationship management (both internal and external)  Experience in producing both business requirement and functional requirements is essential  Experience with working as a conduit between Business and Technology teams to ensure requirements are clearly understood and solutions delivered  Experience within Technology with a track record delivering Regulatory Trade Reporting requirements  Excellent documentation and communication skills  Positive can do attitude, and problem solving ability  Ability to work effectively to strict timelines and deadlines, and do whatever it takes to meet deadlines  Prior experience of working on a Trade  Transaction Reporting programme such as HKMA, MAS, ASIC, DFA andor EMIR).  Awareness of Trade Reporting mechanisms (e.g. connectivity to GTR, FpML etc)
If you are keen to join us, you will be part of an organization that values your contributions, recognizes your potential, and provides ample opportunities for growth. For more information, visit www.capco.com. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.
 