Capco, a Global Business and Technology Consultancy dedicated solely to the Financial Services industry. Our professionals combine innovative thinking with our unrivalled first-hand industry knowledge to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, and managed services to move their organizations forward.
 
Benefits of working for Capco:

Technical and soft skills training, professional certifications, full access to the Udemy online learning platform
Private health care, sick days, employees vacation  25 days per year, regardless of the age
Cafeteria provided by the Benefits plus services (50 EUR monthly) andor contribution to 3rd pillar
Fully paid meal vouchers
Smartphone and internet with 1.000 GB of data, laptop
Home-office friendly: we provide flexibility to work remotely from the home office
We care: we support the well-being of our employees (Yoga lessons, mental health webinars - Liga za duevn zdravie), team sports activities  e.g. running challenges, multisport card, participation on the volunteering days

 
Wage

from 2.000 EUR (salary will be adjusted based on previous experience)
annual bonus  benefit package

 
Role Description:
This is a superb opportunity for a hardworking, enthusiastic candidate with a fluent level of English who is eager to take over responsibility for the payroll process in multiple regions. Join our exciting team in Capco.

Daily communication and close cooperation with other Payroll and HR colleagues
Ensuring all payroll data is captured in the various input files, accessing various systemsportals to download the required reports and transferring to the input file where required
Answering payroll inbox queries and ensuring actions are captured on the appropriate payroll month
Working through referral payments, sickness leave and leave of absence reports reaching out to employees where required and ensuring all data is captured that needs to be actioned through payroll
You will also be required to do the payroll checks on the various dummy G2N files which will involve comparing the G2N file against Darwin reports and cross-checking the input. You will also need to prepare a sign-off report and attend the sign-off meeting with finance
Experience with previous benefits systems would also be super useful

 
Skills  Expertise

Fluent English is a must
Previous Payroll experience (preferably UK and Canada Payroll experience) is strongly appreciated
Advanced MS Excel skills (data analytic functions, pivot tables, data comparison, VBA is not necessary)
Paycloud experience is an advantage
Able to prioritise tasks accordingly
Attention to detail (data quality)
Strong communication and organisational skill
Independence in decision-making and strong ownership of tasks and deliverables
Time flexibility (expected shifting working house and following public holidays based on main geographical areas of responsibility (e.g., UK working hours and PH))
Ability to work within an international environment and be focused on providing a high-quality service to the client

 
You are important to us! Thats why you get a personal coach at our side who supports you individually. With our start-up mentality and our flat hierarchy, you have every opportunity to place your ideas and to put them into practice. In addition, after work, you have numerous opportunities to expand your internal network and get to know new faces through joint sports activities and team events. Have we made you curious? Then apply now! It takes only 5 minutes. 
If you have any other question related to the position please reach out to me:

  zora.paulikovacapco.com 
 Zora Paulikova  LinkedIn
 