Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.

We are experts in Banking, Capital Markets, and Wealth and Asset Management.
We are rapidly expanding our Insurance sector capability.
We specialise in Digital Transformation, Data Management  Data Analytics, Business  Finance Transformation engagements, and IT Transformation and Change programmes.
We are committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent in the market.
Our focus is on maintaining our agile and entrepreneurial culture.

ABOUT THE ASSOCIATE ENGINEERING GRADUATE PROGRAMME. 
Capcos Associate Engineering Programme is the entry point into consulting with Capco and attracts individuals from a range of different backgrounds  from recent university graduates, through to professionals with a desire to make a change in their career. 
From day one as an Associate Engineering Consultant, you will be given the opportunity to support a wide range of interesting projects. After completing a two-week induction, you will join the Discovery Pod, a scrum team of Capco Engineers that work on continuous learning and upskilling, internal products, customer demos and proof of concept (PoC) projects. You will also support client projects, through which you will help develop and deliver market-changing and innovative solutions and strategies to our regional and global clients. The Capco Associate Engineering Programme is designed to equip you with the skills and experience required to become our financial consulting leaders of tomorrow. In addition, The Associate Engineering Programme will provide: 

Unique learning and development opportunities to build up your consulting, banking, and domain expertise.
An experienced senior coach to support you by providing career advice and guidance throughout your career at Capco.
A peer buddy from day one to help you settle in.
Rotation across business areas to ensure that you gain insight across our various offerings.
Fast career progression - we believe in rewarding success.

WHAT KIND OF WORK WILL I DO?
Digital Engineers at Capco work on a wide variety of problems, often on things that have never been tried before. Some of our recent work includes the creation of:

New Banks  we have delivered and are actively building new digital banks from scratch for our global clients.
New Open Banking Services  we played a key role in crafting the open banking regulation and are now delivering it for clients.
Robotic Automation Solutions  we are currently delivering into production several projects using RPA and Machine Learning.
New Social Networks  we have launched a social network for business banking customers for one of our Tier 1 Banking clients.
Blockchain PoC  a Proof of Concept for loan contract exchanges using blockchain technology.

WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR. 
We are looking for individuals who are degree educated in a computer science or related discipline, who have an interest in financial services and are motivated to work in a fast-paced, challenging and project-based environment. Previous professional experience is advantageous but not limited to those from within financial services. In addition, knowledge of General Cloud Computing Services would also be advantageous, however, as we offer training in specific services, we do not expect you to be an expert in a specific field. We require strong verbal and written communication skills in both English  Thai matched with strong Microsoft Office knowledge. 
This is a Full-Time employment role for students graduating in Winter 2023 or recent graduates. This programme is only for Thai nationality or PR.
WHY JOIN CAPCO? 
We are expanding our business rapidly across Asia. You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers, and other actors within the industry  projects that will transform the financial services industry. 
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers  we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm.  We warmly value diversity and inclusion and embrace our collective uniqueness  our culture is a strong, fresh, and invigorating difference from our competitors.
We offer: 

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees.
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise.
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients.
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture.
Highly competitive benefits.

We are running rolling recruitment for this intake and will close once the roles are filled. Therefore, early application is strongly advised.
 