Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
About CAPCO
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry. Capco is going through a significant growth journey, now is a very good time to join us as we expand our Operations across Europe.
We arehave:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

 
ROLE DESCRIPTION
As an Operations Lead at Capco, you will be responsible for working directly with the Exec team across Europe and managing a small team as well. You will work on a wide variety of tasks and help to implement processes.
The preferred candidate will be expected to: 
Tasks:

Financial Planning and Budgeting
Forecasting
Financial Analysis (financial reports; variance analysis and trend analysis); Report Results to Global and Local Leadership
Cost Analysis and Control (recommend cost-saving measures and efficiency improvements)
Monitor KPIs and establish corrective measures as required
Support Finance in Month End and Quarter End activities; report results to the Global CFO
Support Local account teams during RFPs, calculate ratecards, act as spearing partner
Prepare and run Client Account Meetings
Team Lead of an International Team
Establish and maintain solid relationship with Global Finance and Operations team as well as the Local Leadership team

Skills:

Experience in Controlling and Operations
Experience in Budgeting and Forecasting
Strong Analytical skills
Excellent communication skills
Advanced Excel Skills
Affinity for numbers
Fluency in English
Demonstrated Leadership Skills

We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise in our financial services offerings
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
An agile, diverse, entrepreneurial, inclusive, meritocratic

 Next Steps
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, please do not hesitate to apply. We are looking forward to receiving your application.
To learn more about Capco and its people check out the website on www.capco.com