About the Team: 
Capco is a distinctly and positively different place to work. Much more than consultants, we are active participants in the global financial services industry. Our passionate business and technology professionals enjoy a unique environment where they are actively encouraged to apply intellect, innovation, experience and teamwork. We are dedicated to fully supporting our world class clients as they respond to challenges and opportunities in: Banking and Payments, Capital Markets, Insurance, and Wealth and Asset Management. 
Capcos strategy practice specializes in the Growth Strategy, Digital Strategy, and Organizational Strategy. Below is a brief summary of each:

Growth Strategy: We help our clients develop and execute their market entry, organic and MA driven growth strategies by focusing on where they can create differentiated value for their client.
Digital Strategy: We help our clients prioritize digital opportunities across lines of business, products, and services to deliver the most significant impact and value for their clients.
Organizational Strategy: We help our clients design an organization and talent model that is right for their business  creating the desired culture which drives high performance and sustainability.

About the Job:
As a Principal Consultant on the Strategy team, you will work in a fast-paced team setting, alongside industry experts, to deliver critical results for our clients. You will leverage your creativity and consulting expertise to better understand how to help advance our clients progress towards meeting their evolving needs.
What Youll Get to Do: 

Focus on strategic client engagements and pursuits and building out our Financial Services strategy practice with a focus on business strategy, digital strategy and transformation.
Manage mid-sized projects and teams of consultants, taking oversight of delivery work and ensuring client satisfaction.
Lead projects in variety of subject areas, such as developing market entry strategy for private banks, growth strategy model, designing user experience for advisor workstation, defining a new business model for broker dealer, designing Omni channel experience for financial services complex, etc.
Critically think through storyboard, work with subject matter experts to develop thought leadership content in both domain and capability, take a leadership role in proposal responses, and participate in client pitches.
Develop thought leadership around future of different lines of businesses (wealth and asset management, capital markets, banking and payments, insurance), through content and capacity leadership.
Generate actionable, strategic recommendations as part of project delivery, with an aim in identifying further sales opportunities.
Proactively engage with clients and Capco leadership in regular strategic  planning discussions; cultivate and manage a pipeline of work with clients.
Secure pull through sales through exceptional delivery and client relationship development, including transition from strategic to implementation phases of the initiative lifecycle.
Balance project delivery and practice building time.
Provide insightful career advice and feedback for team members to empower their careers.

What Youll Bring: 

8 years of experience in a Financial Services andor Professional consulting firm 
Management consulting experience within Strategy required
Proven record of success in project delivery
Ability to scope project engagements and assist in closing of project sales cycle 
Experience advising and delivering change projects as part of a long-term strategic partnership with leading financial institutions  
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to liaise and influence a range of internal and external stakeholders  
Ability to effectively manage team members to ensure the completion of project deliverables that exceed client expectations
Bachelors degree
MBA or advanced degree preferred
Ability to travel out of state Monday through Thursday as needed  

Why Capco?
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.
Ready to take the Next Step?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.New York Pay Range151,000—195,000 USD