Data Analytics - Senior Consultant
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
ABOUT US
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector.
We are:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement.

THE ROLE
As part of our on-going global expansion strategy, Capco is growing its UK Data Practice. We are currently seeking to recruit several management consultants with data analytics expertise to lead and develop teams to support large scale transformation projects for our leading Financial Services clients.
The applicant should:

Have a real passion for data and a commitment to shift the industry towards forward thinking data analytics  AI
Be keen to join the team to develop the UK Data Practice capabilities and the broader Global Data Practice to support industry changing topics such as Predictive Analytics, Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence
Use business judgment  analytical tools in driving the best results for our clients. Achieved through a combination of using data, analysis, brainstorming sessions and business judgment in identifying  leading new opportunities

SKILLS AND EXPERTISE

Ability to parse, manipulate and review large quantities of complex data
Experience of diagnostic and predictive techniques in areas such as modelling, CLTV, risk scoring, financial crime analytics, risk  compliance analytics and customermarketing analytics e.g. segmentation
Knowledge of databases such as MySQL, SQL Server, PostgreSQL and NoSQL databases
Familiarity with programming languages such as Python, R, or Spark
Expertise in designing user-friendly, insightful, interactive dashboards using Qlik, Tableau or Power BI
Programme Execution and Change management  proven ability to shape, design and lead the execution of data changes
Desired experience working within Financial Services, Capital Markets, Insurance, or Wealth  Asset Management, in a data science, analytics and AI related role. Candidates with strong experiences in other industries, and an interest in Financial Services are also of interest to us.
Desirable experience as a Management Consultant

Professional experience is important. But its paramount you share our belief in disruptive innovation that puts clients ahead in a tough market. From Day One, your key skill will be to perceive new and better ways of doing things to give your clients an unfair advantage.