About Capco,Capco, a global business and technology consultancy dedicated solely to the financial services industry. Our professionals combine innovative thinking with our unrivalled first-hand industry knowledge to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, and managed services to move their organizations forward.
Through our collaborative and efficient approach, we help our clients successfully increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce costs and enhance control. We specialize in banking; capital markets; wealth and investment management; finance, risk  compliance; and technology. We serve our clients from offices in leading financial centres across North America, Europe and APAC
Role Overview 

Initiates the project, obtaining authorization to start the project and scope the project.
Engages the project  Sponsor and Steering Committee      
Plans effectively around delivery constraints and optimizes the plan to maximize benefits and minimize risk. Develops the plan within constraints, considering the delivery approach, key milestones and dependencies within the plan, requirements and scope, effort and resources, budgets and quality      
Ensures the base lined scope, requirements, benefits, schedule and budget are managed as outlined in Business Transformation Frameworks. Identifies and intervenes where there is slippage and variance from plan      
Proactively monitors project execution to effectively identify risks, issues, dependencies as they arise throughout the project lifecycle. Assesses the impact on the benefit realization for the projects and takes action to minimize impact, actively challenging and removing obstacles.
Takes ownership of critical issues and ensures resolution within agreed timescales and implements mitigating plans against identified risks    and issues. Escalates when needed to the Senior Programme Manager with possible solutions      
Plans and manages the implementation of the change, to ensure business benefits are realized and that the transition from current state to target state is smooth.
Ensuring that the organization and other change audiences are ready, willing and able to function in the new business environment.
Collaborates and builds positive stakeholder and business partner relationships providing regular updates to resolve high priority issues affecting the project   
Works closely with delivery partners on planning, design and estimating, bringing together delivery and business partner teams; actively managing dependencies between these teams and other projects and programmes  
Sets the pace and operating rhythm, driving a culture of achievement and ensures pace by identifying and removing barriers to project success     Promotes pace and energy within the team and leads by example   
Keeps focus on the medium and long term goals and the Groups values particularly when under short term pressure   
Demonstrates effective financial skills to develop a detailed business case, including investments, detailed benefits and link to overall finances of the business.   
Develops and reviews estimates and estimating assumptions for the projects schedule, effort, and cost using established Global Change Delivery estimating models, best practices, and past experience.   
Provides timely reports on project status, risks and issues, evaluating project performance based on management information.   
Manages and reports on the project budget, acting on any variance   
Drives a culture of achievement and ensure pace by identifying and removing barriers to project success   
Maintains project change control, ensuring any changes to baseline are managed through change request and all impacts are considered   
Promotes and takes accountability for project quality, identifies opportunities to improve delivery and oversees the governance process to reduce risk and ensure effective and timely decisions are taken.   
Collaborates with stakeholders to define the project strategy and develops a roadmap ensuring all constraints of time and resources are met. 
Ensures project team follow quality assurance processes and Global Change Delivery Business Transformation Frameworks.  Experience 
Extensive knowledge and solid experience of project management in banking or financial institution environment (cards, digital payments, SME financingmicro financing)
 Ability to drive projects under minimal guidance in an often turbulent environment. Capable to plan project tasks while major stakeholders may have different and sometimes contradicting priorities.  
Proven record of leading multi-disciplined teams and delivering complex global programmes or projects  
Strong leadership, be able to communicate and influence a wide range of stakeholders, with capacity to  interpret complex business or risk requirements, translate the technical details into business context, and vice versa   
Excellent understanding of the project lifecycle, best practice techniques on project delivery   
Confident in holding dialogue with senior management across functions and regions.   
Excellent people management, planning and organization skill
A highly motivated and pro-active self-starter  
Ability to work with a diverse and geographically dispersed project teams  
Holder of Project Management Professional Certification, Managing Successful Programmes, Projects in Controlled Environments, Project Management Professional, Associate of the Chartered Institute of Bankers, or Prince2 or Six Sigma qualification has definite advantage
