About the Team:
Capco is a global business and technology management consultancy dedicated to the Financial Services, Insurance and Energy industries. We combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver business consulting, digital, technology and transformational services to our clients. Our collaborative and efficient approach helps our clients increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce costs, and enhance control. Here at Capco, we are defined by innovative development and provide you with the opportunity to help solve significant business issues by leveraging modern technologies and to transform operations for some of the worlds largest financial services institutions during a period of sweeping industry change.
About the Job: 
As a Sales Director, you will partner with our Leadership team to proactively work on business development with a focus on helping clients design and build Digital Products and Experiences for customers and employees. You will be able to leverage your knowledge  network within financial service organizations to sell high value consulting engagements and digital engagements. The Sales Director will operate within an innovative and agile environment where a self-driven sales professional would thrive.  You will work with named accounts and be charged with developing green-field, net-new, accounts across the U.S.
What Youll Get to Do: 

The Digital Sales Director is responsible for driving sales and marketing activities within the Capco Digital practice.
Facilitate and manage the sales process, focus on value proposition and differentiators, provide client insight and feedback.
Identify new business opportunities at new and existing prospects in financial services organizations.
Build relationships with key influencersdecision makers at target clients.
Ability to understandlearn, represent, and sell-in services related to digital product and experience strategy, quantqual research, service design, UX design, product development, engineering, and employee experience.
Develop collaborative relationships with account leaders and their teams to communicate relevant positioning strategies and potential solutions for their clients and prospects.
Actively participate in the proposal development collaborating with digital leadership and subject matter experts for these opportunities
Maintain sales pipeline data for their opportunitiesassist with administration of same
Build and maintain strong relationships with customers and prospects through partnering with them to better understand their needs and growth goals

What Youll Bring with You: 

Successful track record of sales within a professional servicesconsulting firmagency engaged with clients in Banking and Payments, Insurance, Wealth and Asset Management, or Capital Markets.
5 years of direct sales experience as a hunter.
Strong understanding of financial service industry issues and ability to articulate value propositions internally and externally.
Ability to develop trusted and durable relationships with clients and ecosystem partners across financial services domain.
Experience collaborating across teams and domains to identify sales opportunities.
Strong writing, presentation, and storytelling stills
Desirable that you have an existing network you can leverage, as well as a track record of sourcing clients through prospecting and networking to win new projects

Why Capco? 
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
Ready to take the Next Step  
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory. 