Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.

We are experts in Banking, Capital Markets, and Wealth and Asset Management.
We are rapidly expanding our Insurance sector capability.
We specialise in Digital Transformation, Data Management  Data Analytics, Business  Finance Transformation engagements, and IT Transformation and Change programmes.
We are committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent in the market.
Our focus is on maintaining our agile and entrepreneurial culture.

ABOUT THE ASSOCIATE BUSINESS GRADUATE PROGRAMME (ABP).
Capcos Associate Business Graduate Programme is the entry point into consulting with Capco and attracts individuals from a range of different backgrounds  from recent university graduates through to professionals with a desire to make a change in their career.  
From day one as an Associate Business Consultant, you will start a two-week training program where you will be trained in courses such as Agile, Business Analysis, Design Thinking, and Project Management. You will support in the development and delivery of market-changing and innovative solutions and strategies to our regional and global clients. The Capco Associate Business Programme is designed to equip you with the skills and experience required to become our financial consulting leaders of tomorrow. In addition, the programme will provide: 

Unique learning and development opportunities to build up your consulting, banking, and domain expertise.
An experienced senior coach to support you by providing career advice and guidance throughout your career at Capco.
A peer buddy from day one to help you settle in.
Rotation across business areas to ensure that you gain insight across our various offerings.
Fast career progression  we believe in rewarding success.

WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:
We are looking for individuals who are degree educated from any background or discipline who have an interest in financial services and are motivated to work in a fast-paced, challenging and project-based environment. Previous professional experience is advantageous but not limited to those from within financial services. We require strong verbal and written communication skills in English, matched with strong Microsoft Office knowledge. 
Preferred Requirements:

University degree  GPA 3.5 equivalent and above.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office  Word, Excel, and PowerPoint (Visio and Project an advantage).
Excellent communication skills and fluency in English (written and spoken).
Self-starter, passionate about learning, and not afraid of a challenge.

This is a Full-Time employment role for students graduating Winter 2023 or recent graduates.
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
We are expanding our business rapidly across Asia. You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers, and other actors within the industry  projects that will transform the financial services industry. 
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers  we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm.  We warmly value diversity and inclusion and embrace our collective uniqueness  our culture is a strong, fresh, and invigorating difference from our competitors.
We offer: 

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees. 
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise in technical areas, as well as practical topics such as Business Development and Stakeholder Management.
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior management and directly with clients. 
The chance to learn from and grow with a diverse and international team from varied professional backgrounds and experiences.

We are running rolling recruitment for this intake and will close once the roles are filled. Therefore, early application is strongly advised.