About CapcoOur team in Capco specializes in management consulting  software development, mostly for international banks and insurance companies in western Europe. Do you want to learn more about our culture and people? Visit https:www.capco.comCareersBratislava Benefits of working for Capco:

The opportunity to work with experienced colleagues for prestigious banks
The opportunity to work on different projects, no routine
Technical and soft skills training, professional certifications, full access to the Udemy online learning platform
Private health care, sick days, employees vacation  25 days per year, regardless of the age
Cafeteria provided by the Benefits plus services (50 EUR monthly) andor contribution to 3rd pillar
Fully paid meal vouchers
Smartphone and internet with 1.000 GB of data, laptop
Remote work (Home-office)
We care: we support the well-being of our employees (Yoga lessons, mental health webinars - Liga za duevn zdravie), team sports activities  e.g. running challenges, multisport card, participation on the volunteering days

Wage

from 2.900 EUR (salary will be adjusted based on previous experience)
annual bonus  benefit package
indefinite period contract 

Role Description

As part of our international Anti-Financial Crime (AFC) team, you will support our clients in the fight against financial and economic crime
You will take (initial) responsibility for the implementation, customisation and further development of Know-Your Customer (KYC) or Sanctions Compliance systems
You will optimise customer risk classification and monitoring processes
You will work on exciting projects in the area of sanctions screening, with the aim of preventing sanctions violations
As part of the Capco AFC team, you will develop market-ready solutions using innovative technologies (Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Robotics, etc.)

 
Skills and Expertise

Professional experience in anti-money laundering, ideally with a focus on KYC or sanctions compliance
Some experience with common KYC IT systems (such as Orbis Bureau van Dijk, Dun  Bradstreet or others)
Basic understanding of EU, UK and US sanctions regimes
Good knowledge of compliance processesstandards and regulatory requirements in the area of financial and economic crime
CAMS certification or equivalent is an advantage
You are a team player with analytical and conceptual skills, as well as assertiveness
Fluent in English, German is a big advantage

 
Recruitment process steps:

Screening call with the Recruiter
TechnicalCompetencies interview with experienced Capco colleague
FeedbackOffer

 
You are important to us! Thats why you get a personal coach at our side who supports you individually. With our start-up mentality and our flat hierarchy, you have every opportunity to place your ideas and to put them into practice. In addition, after work, you have numerous opportunities to expand your internal network and get to know new faces through joint sports activities and team events. Have we made you curious? Then apply now! It takes only 5 minutes. 
If you have any other question related to the position please reach out to me:

  zora.paulikovacapco.com 
 Zora Paulikova  LinkedIn
 