Company Overview
Capco is an entrepreneurial consulting business with expertise in transformation, technology, and strategy. We specialize in banking and payment; capital markets; wealth  investment management; finance, risk  compliance; and technology, serving our clients from offices in leading financial centers across US, Europe and APAC. We are expanding our business rapidly across Asia (especially Malaysia). You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banking and insurance clients in the world, projects that will deliver significant transformation and change. Besides, we have exciting growth plans in APAC and some very interesting new service lines opening. We are building the business, so now is a good time to join because you can join at the start, have an impact and play a role in its future success  promotion opportunities, better bonus opportunities and faster career progression.
Through our collaborative and efficient approach, we help our clients successfully increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce cost and enhance control. We specialize in banking; capital markets; wealth and investment management; finance, risk  compliance; and technology. We serve our clients from offices in leading financial centers across North America, Europe and APAC.
Role Title: Enterprise Project Manager Officer
Role Overview:

Providing support in the activities of project management processes and ensuring the use of appropriate project management standards, processes  collateral documentation
Maintaining and evolving as necessary in the Project management process and collateral documentation as well as EPMO process in order to keep it aligned with internal control standards
Organizing and performing necessary quality assurance tasks of projectsprograms within their lifecycle
Ensuring that projectprogram managers in the Agency receive adequate support and have necessary toolset to implement their duties
Providing support and coaching as necessary to projectprogram managers in implementing, use and improving applicable project management standards, processes  collateral documentation
Facilitating the Project Management process acting as central point for lessons learned, templates, best practice and estimation techniques
Facilitating the project teams to do their jobs by reducing bureaucracy, providing training, mentoring and quality assurance, with the support of other corporate functions
Planning and reviewing necessary evolutions of available toolset for project management in the Agency to ensure its continuous alignment with the needs of the organization
Providing functional support for the best effective and efficient use of the corporate tools, by providing the function for managing documentation, project history and organizational knowledge
Ensuring relevant, accurate and regular progress reporting to support effective decision-making as well as suggesting improvements in adopted project reporting dashboards and Communicating projectprogram status to the relevant stakeholders in the organization
Supporting projectprogram managers in resource planning ensuring that resource dashboard(s) are updated regularly

Experience  Skills:

Strong in Excel  (Pivot, vlookup)
Powerpoint  High level expertise (Basic things such as removing the unnecessary slides from the slides master. Formatting the slides in a unified way)
Power BI which relies mainly on Power Query
Sharepoint on how to configure, build workflow or various things in Sharepoint
Familiar with Javascript or CSS
Knowledge of other DA tools such as Tableau or Qlik Sens will be an added advantage

WHY CAPCO?   
We are expanding our business rapidly across Kuala Lumpur and Asia. You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banking and insurance clients in the world, projects that will deliver significant transformation and change.
We offer:
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers  we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm.  We warmly value diversity and inclusion and embrace our collective uniqueness  our culture is a strong, fresh, and invigorating difference from our competitors.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a pension scheme, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEP? 
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant
 