About the Team:
As a member of the Finance, Risk, and Compliance (FRC) group at Capco you will play a role delivering projects, ranging from short-term strategic assessments to large-scale change initiatives, for leading clients across financial services—including investment banking, retail banking, wealthasset management, and insurance clients.  Capco FRC is a global team that prides itself on our industry-leading expertise from strategy through execution within the risk advisory space. We are open to individuals with risk, controls, and finance experience in financial services gained through prior experience and engagements.  
About the Job:
As a Consultant  Risk and Regulatory Compliance you will work alongside industry experts as part of FRC in a fast-paced team setting. Your insights and deliverables will influence actions taken by managers and executives, both in real-time problem solving situations and as the outcome of engagements.
What Youll Get to Do: 

Develop frameworks, approaches, solutions, and recommendations that effectively and efficiently address the most impactful opportunities and challenges related to the functioning and transformation of the financial services industry
Produce insights, analyses, and recommendations to provide strategic guidance, improve client performance, and drive understanding of client issues
Build new solutions, toolkits, best practice documents, and consulting approaches that can be applied across Capco

What Youll Bring with You:

2 years of risk andor regulatory experience
Financial services andor management consulting experience required 
Experience drafting memos against project documentation, standardsartifacts, and reviewing companion documentation
Experience reviewing regulatory commitments, evaluating the design of deliverables, and documenting the closure for further review and sign-off by senior management 
Third-party risk management experience highly desired 
Understanding of controls from a business process perspective
Project management experience is a plus 
Ability to analyze problems, apply analytical approaches, and communicate findings effectivelyconfidently
Advanced MS Excel and MS PowerPoint skills
Bachelors degree highly preferred 

Why Capco?
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
Ready to take the Next Step ?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.