
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different.
Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
ABOUT CAPCO
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry. From day one you will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We are 

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

Role Description
Capco are looking for Project Managers with experience in either financial services or Life  Pension. Candidates with change management experience gained as a management consultant or from within a regulatory change role in a financial services institution are of particular interest.
This role offers the chance to advise and deliver change projects. The nature of these roles offers long term deployments and the chance to experience varied change initiatives.
You will prepare, manage and drive the execution of the project plan and manage day to day execution of project activities. You will be accountable for the project status reporting, and escalating risks and issues to key stakeholders in a timely manner.
Skills  Experience

Experience as a Programme  Project Manager within the Financial Services  Life  Pensions or Consulting Industries and the ability to lead team and deliver workstreams
Experience working in, or leading large and complex change projects, with multiple workstreams and often regulatory driven outcomes
Change Management Methodology  proven delivery experience working in a project environment with different methodologies (including AgileWaterfall)
Experience in collaborating with project team  stakeholders, across multiple locations, to categorize and prioritise regulatory requirements.
Change Management Implementation - extensive experience working in an financial services change environment required. User Acceptance Testing co-ordination, test planning and execution
Ability to understand existing processes, policies and procedures and identify impact of regulatory change on existing operating models.
General product, industry and regulatory change awareness is essential
Excellent Communications and Stakeholder Management skills
Strong team management skills; must demonstrate an ability and motivation to lead and develop a team
Knowledge of Financial Services is key as well as front to back experience of Change Management.

Why Join Capco?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise in our financial services offerings
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
An agile, diverse, entrepreneurial, inclusive, meritocratic culture

Next Steps
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, please do not hesitate to apply. We are looking forward to receiving your application.
To learn more about Capco and its people check out the website on www.capco.com
