Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
ABOUT CAPCO
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector.  As the only dedicated Financial Services consultancy firm in Milan, the opportunity for growth is large, accessible, and immediate.  We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry. Capco is going through a significant growth journey, now is a very good time to join us as we expand our consulting team in Italy.
We are: 

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management 
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc. 
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there 
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture 

Role Description
A Capco project manager is an agent of change with accountability for driving success over a full project or programme lifecycle. The project manager designs, plans and implements projects and programmes, either standalone or as part of a larger programme, or programmes according to scope, targets and objectives set for time of delivery, budget and quality.
You will:

Assist in defining strategic roadmaps and objectives across client projects and programmes, defining project scope and goals
Create project plans including setting targets for milestones, adhering to deadlines and allocating resources
Successful projectprogramme delivery in line with the defined success criteria and set goals.
Effectively and consistently projectprogramme communications and reporting to the business stakeholders.
Ensure an appropriate roll-out strategy and engagement.
Contribution and ongoing improvement of the project management tools and methodology (as part of the project management community).
Partner with clients, product owners and project teams to ensure on-time, and on-budget, quality delivery
Perform quality control on the project throughout development to maintain the standards expected

Skills and Experience     Significant project management experience    Experience working for a management andor technology consulting firm is highly desired    Knowledge of various project management methodologies (agilescrum, waterfall, etc.)    Experience working on and leading implementation projects    Excellent communication, interpersonal and negotiation skills    Great influencing skills and stakeholder management skills    Ability to lead cross-functional teams    Experience with project management tools (Jira, Rally, Confluence, Trello, etc.)
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise in our financial services offerings
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
An agile, diverse, entrepreneurial, inclusive, meritocratic culture

 