About CapcoOur team in Capco specializes in management consulting  software development, mostly for international banks and insurance companies in western Europe. Do you want to learn more about our culture and people? Visit https:www.capco.comCareersBratislava 
Benefits of working for Capco:

The opportunity to work with experienced colleagues for prestigious banks
The opportunity to work on different projects, no routine
Technical and soft skills training, professional certifications, full access to the Udemy online learning platform
Sick days, employees vacation  25 days per year, regardless of the age
Cafeteria provided by the Benefits plus services
Fully paid meal vouchers
Smartphone and internet with 1.000 GB of data, laptop
Remote work (Home-office)
We care: we support the well-being of our employees (mental health webinars - Liga za duevn zdravie), team sports activities  e.g. running challenges, multisport card, participation on the volunteering days

 
Role Description

Development of custom-build solutions based on Java SEEE and Spring Boot
Unit Test preparation and conduct
Giving guidance in implementation questions
Configuration tasks
Change requestdefect analysis

Project Description Example

Our client is a FinTech company offering innovative payments solutions
We provide the client with several consulting teams dedicated to the development, testing and implementation of the payments solutions

 
Skills and Expertise

Hands-on professional experience in Java SE, Java EE or Spring IoCMVCBoot development
Hands-on experience with Backbase technology is more than welcome
Familiar with some of the following technologies: Maven, Apache Camel, Spring Security
Understand of Design patterns andor Architectural Blueprints
Experience in the digital industry (e-commerce, social media and mobile)
AgileScrum experience is highly valued
Strong problem-solving skills
Ability to quickly understand business requirements
Frontend skills e.g. Angular or React are highly valued

 

Recruitment process steps:

Screening call with the Recruiter
TechnicalCompetencies interview with experienced Capco colleague
FeedbackOffer

 
You are important to us! Thats why you get a personal coach at our side who supports you individually. With our start-up mentality and our flat hierarchy, you have every opportunity to place your ideas and to put them into practice. In addition, after work, you have numerous opportunities to expand your internal network and get to know new faces through joint sports activities and team events.
Have we made you curious? Then apply now! It takes only 5 minutes. 
If you have any other question related to the position please reach out to me: 
  tomas.vancocapco.com
 Tomas Vanco  LinkedIn
