Joining Capco means joining an organization that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can. We believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different.
We arehave:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge of financial services offerings, including e.g., Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there.
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile, and entrepreneurial culture.

What is the Opportunity?

We are seeking talented and passionate individuals to join the Bank as Process Experts, Operational Excellence Ways of Working in the Group Transformation Office.
The Group Transformation Office drives and executes the overall strategic transformation agenda.
The team works under the guidance of the Global Head, Transformation, Chief Transformation, Technology and Operations Officer and TTO MT.
The office also collaborates closely with other senior business and functional leaders in the bank to build and drive the bank-wide transformation.

 
What will you do?

Operational Excellence Ways of Working (OE WOW) is an integral part of the Group Transformation Office, and this role provides thought leadership and steer to Bank-wide Operational Excellence efforts in close partnership with senior management. The role requires driving holistic change by coaching and empowering people through multiple levers including process reengineering, structural changes, digitisation, policy streamlining, targets and tracking, training, and accountability.
The Process Expert is a role based in an Asia-Pacific location (e.g., Singapore, Chennai, Kuala Lumpur), with the ability to travel across the BANK network This role requires an excellent understanding of process management practices across multiple business lines  functions and proficiency in process improvement methodologies with strong stakeholder engagement skills.
The position will require a strong contribution to the global OE WOW agenda; and outstanding collaboration with stakeholders within and beyond OE WOW in driving the banks transformation and process simplification initiatives.
The person in the role delivers client-centric process improvements across the bank; and builds OE capabilities (via training  coaching).
Working with COOs, business, and functional stakeholders it will be important that the chosen candidate has credible experience, but also comes with the right personal spirit and behaviours to drive our ways of working.
The person must be hands-on enough to find, facilitate and implement practical solutions, yet able to operate at higher  more strategic levels to ensure we tackle the right problems.

The person in the role is:

Accountable and responsible for the execution of Operational Excellence Ways of Working (OE WOW) priorities across the bank
Accountable for various OE WOW initiatives across the bank, including OE framework development and launch, execution of process improvement programs, the launch of process management  WOW practices and benefits realisation (incl. productivity gains and financial  non-financial benefits)
Accountable for identifying process optimization opportunities and aligning priorities with regionallocal stakeholders.
Leading the operational alignment of process simplification initiatives with the global OE WOW agenda; contributing to roadmap planning and execution
Leading process improvement programs, from set-up to implementation; providing on-the-ground process management and improvement expertise.
Accountable for the outcomes of process improvement programs, including key processcustomer journey performance metrics.
Building, developing, and maintaining the relationship with stakeholders (from senior management to staff on the ground); ensuring strong collaboration towards achieving bank-wide transformation and OE WOW objectives while supporting stakeholders to meet local priorities and targets.
Supporting the development and maintenance of standards and guidelines in line with the OE WOW frameworks (e.g., process universe, process governance and roles, definition, and usage of e2e process KPIs, target setting and benefits tracking)
Sharing learnings from process improvement programs and providing inputs to the global design of target modular processes and customer journeys; co-accountable for global process outputs; ensuring global process designs are feasible to implement and fit for purpose in the region and its countries.
Responsible for developing capabilities and skills of business owners, process owners, process participants and 2nd and 3rd LOD in the practice of process management and improvements; supporting capability development for using effectively global process tooling.
Developing and leading the execution of OE WOW initiatives and measures to ensure long-term impact and sustainability of the process practice in the region, supporting the build of a process culture in regional entities.

Responsibilities:
Strategy

Contribute to the formulation of the Banks OE WOW strategy, ensuring alignment with strategic business outcomes.
Establish a portfolio of initiatives to achieve target outcomes including driving broad bank-wide cultural transformation.
Driving growth and branding of OE WOW in the bank, helping embed a bank-wide culture of sustainable continuous improvement.

Business:

Support operational efficiency, process optimization and client journey initiatives to help business stakeholders achieve scorecard outcomes.
Establish and maintain a highly engaged working relationship with shared accountability with global and local business and functional lines.
Support the establishment of ownership of initiatives and outcomes among business leaders.
Support developing process culture and mindset across the bank.

Processes

Identify process priorities and design, prepare, and execute process improvement programs across the bank (geographies, business lines and functions)
Design and support transformation initiatives in BANK ensuring compliance with processcustomer journey frameworks and ways of working.
Own and execute OE processes, e.g., process management framework and taxonomy implementation; process improvement program execution compliance; impact and benefit tracking.

Risk Management

Ensure that OE proposed changesreengineering do not compromise existing risks and controls and where required strengthen them.
Ensure process redesignreengineering simplifies redundant, duplicate, and unnecessary controls without value-added to effective risk management.
Engage process and risk control owners upfront in the design of process changes. Have oversight, direct tracking and monitoring of process improvement programs, and their impact on risk and control frameworks.

 
WHY JOIN CAPCO?

You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.

We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees.
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise.
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients.
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture

Domain: BFSI (Mandatory)  Experience: 5 to 12 Years  Location: ChennaiCandidates who can join within 45 days are proffered. 
 