Capco is a global technology and management consultancy dedicated to the financial services industry. We are innovators who combine a disruptive, design thinking approach with unrivaled, first-hand industry knowledge, and technology acumen. We facilitate the handshake between business and technology to deliver end-to-end consulting services and solutions. We help our clients transform and advance their businesses, increase revenue, and manage risk and regulatory change. We are hiring creative, motivated, diligent, passionate, and committed people who are ready to make an impact.
Joining Capco means joining an organization that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can. We believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different.
We arehave:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets, and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking, etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile, and entrepreneurial culture

JOB SUMMARY:
Position: Sr Consultant
Location: Bangalore 
Band: M3 (6 to 10 years)
Shift Timing: Rotational(UKUS)
 Job Description :

Should be prepared to work in shifts (Asia, UK and US) on a bi-weekly rotation basis  Hands-on experience on UNIX, SQL, Shell Scripting, and knowledge on Crontab, Control-M, and UC4  Must possess end to end environment management and configuration experience  Provide Level 23 application production support for in scope data related applications  Must be able to create new environments on-demand from scratch  Release management  Exposure to various tools such as SVN, Nexus, ANT, Jenkins, GIT etc  Datamart configurations and Processing scripts configuration for EOD process.  Set up of Failover  DR for database and application and Infrastructure monitoring  Should be able to independently work on Murex projects along with key client stakeholders  Must possess excellent debugging skills  Understanding of ITIL Practices - Incident, Problem, Change Management, Problem Management, and Event Management  Optimizing Murex EOD Datamart Feeder extractions  Work on service requests using the Incident  Service management workflow, raised by business users and provide resolution.  Should display SME level knowledge in resolving user issues and other environment related issues  Work along with onshore support team to manage batch support of jobs feeding in data and delivering data to consumers  Production and non-production EOD processing  environment support and monitoring  Must possess good understanding of both exchange traded and OTC Derivatives with specific focus on Credit and Rates products with clarity on their life cycle
Good to have prior exposure to implementation using DevOp

WHY JOIN CAPCO?You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
