Company Overview
Capco is an entrepreneurial consulting business with expertise in transformation, technology, and strategy. We specialize in banking and payment; capital markets; wealth  investment management; finance, risk  compliance; and technology, serving our clients from offices in leading financial centers across US, Europe and APAC. We are expanding our business rapidly across Asia (especially Malaysia). You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banking and insurance clients in the world, projects that will deliver significant transformation and change. Besides, we have exciting growth plans in APAC and some very interesting new service lines opening. We are building the business, so now is a good time to join because you can join at the start, have an impact and play a role in its future success  promotion opportunities, better bonus opportunities and faster career progression.
Through our collaborative and efficient approach, we help our clients successfully increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce cost and enhance control. We specialize in banking; capital markets; wealth and investment management; finance, risk  compliance; and technology. We serve our clients from offices in leading financial centers across North America, Europe and APAC.
 
Role Title: Business Consultant
Role Overview

To aid our aggressive growth plans in Malaysia, Capco is looking for strong and dynamic individual with experience. Examples of deliverables responsibilities include:

Preparing, facilitating, documenting and participating in client meetingsworkshops
Conducting structured gathering, research and analysis
Developing and evaluating procedures, controls, user requirements and functional specifications to identify gaps between current state and future state
Creating business requirement documents (BRDs) into use casesfunctional specifications for customization
Requirements gathering, functional requirements, user stories and documenting businessdataapplicationtechnology architectures, requirement and business rules
Business process modelsdesign, logical data models, standard and guidance
Documenting and explaining problems and works to resolve software defects, whilst ensuring
technical compatibility and end user satisfaction
Analyzing, developing and proposing enhancements to current business processes, reports and applications in order to optimize system effectiveness
Conducting customer interviews and producing meeting summaries
Participating in development of new business opportunities: Conducting marketclient research and industry analysis
Liaising with development team and providing clarifications on customization requirements
Doubling up as QA when needed
Producing high-quality verbal and written consulting deliverables (including proposals, customer presentations, consulting reports) to effectively communicate project findings
Generating re-usable intellectual capital in the form of consulting methodology and templates, blueprints and business cases
Basic scripting and project plans
Guiding Junior Business Analyst in the project delivery as a team



Experience  Skills 

Background in one or more of the following areas (Capital Markets, RetailCommercial Banking, eBankingElectronic Payments, Risk, Compliance or Capital Markets)
Solid Business Analyst skills, including experience interviewing client executives to gather and document business requirements and process mapping
Strong experience extensive experience writing successful project proposals, experience planning and documenting technology requirements, requirement analysis tools methodologies (e.g. RUP,UML)
Strong presentation skills, executing related projects

 
Why join us?
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm. We warmly value diversity and inclusion and embrace our collective uniqueness our culture is a strong, fresh, and invigorating difference from our competitors.