About the Team:  
CAPCO - US Insurance Practice: A successful insurance business is only as strong as the strategy, operations and people behind it. Acquisitions, organizational change, and rapid growth have left in their wake solutions that slow down business processes, impact the customer experience, limit distribution, and create talent acquisition and retention issues. While todays market and regulations demand greater operational agility and flexibility. 
Our team is tasked with helping insurers evolve to bring innovative products to market quickly, support a growing set of distribution needs, with an emphasis on securely embracing the digitally enabled advice and servicing needs of the consumer. We are growing rapidly and are breaking ground on innovative and provocative solutions for our clients.  Our team is vibrant, professionally curious, and excited to help grow with our clients and drive the newest frontiers for carriers.
About the Job:  
As a Managing Principal in the Insurance Practice, you will work in a fast-paced environment using your strong business and consulting experience to deliver on projects primarily in the Life, Annuities, Retirement, and Group Benefits (LARG) segments.
You will leverage your deep background in business transformation strategy, product administration  distribution, all areas of new business and inforce operations and management, technology operations, digital transformation, and project management.  You will help lead business development and market opportunities for your area of focus.  You will also enjoy mentoring the team and helping to build a sense of community with all levels of consultants in the market. In this role, you will be working with client executives and stakeholders as well leading industry groups and partners. We will look to learn all about your deep industry business knowledge and how to showcase this experience for creative solutions with our clients.
What Youll Get to Do:  

Solve Clients most pressing strategic operational business challenges in Life, Annuity, Retirement and Group Benefits
Provide end-to-end oversight for the delivery of complex, large-scale initiatives 
Leverage your deep industry knowledge to develop forward-thinking technology, business, and digital solutions for insurance clients 
Produce insights, analyses, and recommendations to improve client performance, drive understanding of client issues and provide strategic guidance related to transformative efforts 
Synthesize market and industry trends into clearly articulated, tailored, and market differentiated client solutions 
Lead and support the continued development of our rapidly growing market presence and team
Proactively engage with clients and Capco leadership in regular strategic  planning discussions 
Lead and mentor resources to grow in their careers 
Cultivate and manage a pipeline of work with clients 
Develop solutions with our industry and technology partners

What Youll Bring with You:  

15 years of relevant experience in the Insurance industry  primarily life, annuities, retirement, worksite  group benefits in North America
Deep understanding of the business and operations of these insurance businesses
10 years of experience in one or more of the following areas of consulting within the Insurance Industry: operational excellence, operational transformation, marketingdigital transformation, business strategy, technology and data transformation, and business performance
Deep understanding of the business and operations of insurance businesses
Ability to communicate effectively to all levels of the Clients organization, present at industry conferences, and drive our message across our Global insurance practices 
Ability to leverage and develop trusted and durable relationships with clients and partners across domains 
Understanding of the business from a vendor and provider standpoint 
Extensive experience in delivering large scale program initiatives, reporting directly to senior stakeholders, and managing multiple teams 
Highly effective relationship management skills, with the ability to find ways of solving or pre-empting problems 
A strong track record of delivery, driving business development within a senior consulting role, as well as the generation of sales 
The ability to hear a need and solve a problem independently and with a team.
Develop and author client deliverables with a high degree of quality and attention to detail.
Confidence in developing client relationships and building business rapport and trust
Bachelors degree required
MBA or advanced degree preferred

Why Capco?  
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in insurance.  We have launched new insurance firms, transformed existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banking, capital market and insurance firms to emerging FinTechs and InsurTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering. We also support white glove distribution services aimed at improving the improvermanufacturer experience.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We are curious, courageous and offer provocative solutions for Insurance clients.  We want to hear your voice within our team and with our clients.  We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
Ready to take the Next Step   
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.  
Applicants must be located in the continental United States and be open to travel as needed.New York Pay Range186,000—245,000 USDConnecticut Pay Range186,000—245,000 USDCalifornia Pay Range186,000—245,000 USDColorado Pay Range186,000—245,000 USD