Senior Solutions Architect (Contact Center)
About Capco 
Capco is a distinctly and positively different place to work. Much more than consultants, we are active participants in the global financial services industry. Our passionate business and technology professionals enjoy a unique environment where they are actively encouraged to apply intellect, innovation, experience and teamwork. We are dedicated to fully supporting our world class clients as they respond to challenges and opportunities in: Banking, Capital Markets, Finance Risk  Compliance, Insurance, and Wealth and Investment Management.
Lets Talk About You 
You want to Own Your Career. Youre serious about rising as far and as fast as your work and achievements can take you. And youre ready to write the next chapter of your career story: a challenging and rewarding role as a Capco Solutions Architect
Lets Get Down To Business 
Capco is looking for talented, innovative and creative Architect to join our Contact Center Project team
About The role 
Responsibilities 

Interact with client SMEs and to lead discovery workshops
Interact and collaborate with program leadership and client sponsors
Perform detailed estimation and planning for Architecture work
Support estimation for Solution design and build work
Participate in discussion and planning regarding implementation strategy, technology stack, design patterns and process designs
Support continuous improvement by investigating new technologies and approaches, and presenting discoveries to program leadership and sponsors
Support decision making by providing thought leadership and innovative options and solutions
Actively participate in Proofs of Concept and producttechnology selection activities
Perform design and review on architecturally significant artifacts
Prepare and produce documentation on solution architecture as required

About you
Experience 

12 years experience developing overall solution architecture including  Application, Services, Integrations, Infrastructure Viewpoints
Previous experience in consulting an asset, OR big-time desire to move into consulting in a new phase in their career
Understanding requirements, technical constraints, and defend solution options
Familiarity with Genesys, Microsoft (Nuance), Nice, Amazon contact centre offerings
Migration of legacy IVR to new cloud-based IVR
Able to build good relationships at all levels, internally and externally
Ability to discuss and strategize technical solutions to optimize the product
Excellent people skills with ability to lead by example and motivate team members
Ability to think strategically and execute tactically
Ability work in fast pace environment while following best practice and company process

Professional experience is important. But it is paramount you share our belief in disruptive innovation that puts clients ahead in a tough market. From day one, your key skill will be to perceive new and better ways of doing things to give your clients an unfair advantage. 
Now Take the Next Step  
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, then were looking forward to receiving your application. 
Capco is well known for its thought leadership and client-centric model that distinguishes it from other consulting firms. Capcos strong technology and digital knowledge base, its global experience of the Financial Service enables us to deliver projects from strategy through to delivery. We are committed to providing new areas of expertise from which our clients will greatly benefit.
We have: 

Access to industry-focused talent globally
Ability to leverage best-of-breed, innovative products and solutions for complex architecture and large-scale transformation
Extended global geographic market reach
Ability to capitalize on our client footprint and deep domain expertise within financial services

For more information about Capco, visit www.Capco.com. 
Capco is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. 