About the team:
Capital Markets is part of Capcos DNA. In fact, the Capco name was inspired by this domain. The Capital Markets team delivers expert consulting skills and deep product and functional knowledge across all areas of the front office, operations, technology, risk, finance and compliance.  Our clients include the largest investment banks, global universal banks and capital markets divisions from regional banks across the country and around the globe. 
Our delivery expertise spans across launching new lines of business, coordinating high-impact regulatory response programs, leading complex integration projects and analyzing the dependencies in an application rationalization effort. We have a consistent track record in helping clients with significant cost reductions and ensuring our clients grow, change and compete.
About the Job:
As a Senior Consultant on the Capital Markets Team, you will work in a fast-paced team setting, alongside industry experts. You will become an expert in cross-functional, end-to-end delivery that spans multiple products. In this role, you will provide BAPM support to gather and document requirements from business team members and ensure project team is adhering to project plans while mobilizing stakeholders to achieve project milestones, performing test checkouts and create necessary artefacts and documentation for review by regulators.
What Youll Get to Do:

Facilitate the collaboration and coordination between business and technology to deliver on client end-to-end objectives
Gather and analyze information and provide recommendations to address strategic business objectives
Stand-up work items and team management structure for development and support of technology platforms supporting Regulators and Operations
Understand clients challenges and issues; document resolution options and go forward plans
Provide BA support to the Reg-Ops group in their CFTC Re-write, SEC Securities Based Swaps and SFTR regulatory obligations
Take projects from inception to execution, defining initial plan and actively managing on going delivery
Work with business groups to structure different business requirements into a prioritized set of requirements with estimates
Directs and assists team to elicit, challenge and prioritize requirements
Conduct detailed analyses to draw conclusions, and develop pertinent and insightful recommendations
Present findings and recommendations to client leadership

What youll bring with You:

4 years experience in capital marketsinvestment banking specifically within the regulatory operations space 
Experience with technology management or development
Understanding of the front to back booking process for derivative products
Understanding of upstream  downstream applications and data
Ability to work on multiple workstreams from inception through to implementation
Ability to apply experiences with existing software or processes to define and collect metrics and develop better processes to be used in the future
Required knowledge of regulations and OTC derivatives and securities transactions to help conduct requirement analysis, facilitate rule interpretations, document business requirements, document functional requirements and drive issue remediation
Exposure to multiple project management methodologies including, but not limited to Agile and Waterfall
Experience in successfully delivering business and technology projects with an understanding of product development lifecycle
Development productivity tools (JIRA, TFS, or other)
Microsoft office suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, etc.)
Excellent communication skills with the ability to liaise and influence a range of internal and external stakeholders
Bachelors degree 

Why Capco?  
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.  
Ready to take the Next Step?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.
The estimated salary range for this position in NY is 106k  140k plus potential bonus and benefits.