Human Resources Business Partner
About the team: 
The Human Resources Business Partner Team works closely with the business leaders to help create a world class employee experience. The team advises and supports the business in areas such as employee relations, people performance, corporate acquisitions, organizational effectiveness, and diversity and inclusion. We work in a fast-paced environment where we collaborate and support one another while delivering high quality results.
About the Job: 
As an HR Business Partner, you will provide your expertise to manage all people-related issues, providing guidance and counsel to the business. You are someone who understands how to leverage data and solve problems by being a true partner and consultant to business leaders and employees.
What Youll Get to Do:

Serve as a trusted advisor to the business
Advise on people growth strategies and initiatives to drive engagement, development, advancement and retention
Act as point of contact and program manager for people tools, processes, programs and projects
Coach, train, and guide managers during the bi-annual People Performance and Compensation processes
Foster a culture of inclusion
Analyze data trends and identify emerging needs, and address them with innovative people programs, tools and processes
Enable the success of new and experienced managers by leveraging, delivering and improving existing training content, and collaborating with the HR team to anticipate and address emerging needs

What Youll Bring with You:

Minimum 5 years as an HR Business Partner
Strong business and HR acumen, including strong problem-solving skills, critical thinking, and analysis
A data-driven approach with proven experience applying metrics to implement change in the business
An ability to thrive in a high-pressure environment and able to manage multiple simultaneous priorities
A highly responsive and service oriented approach with strong organizational and follow-up skills
An ability connect well with employees, with a high degree of empathy while being able to maintain a strong business orientation
Experience working with senior level business leaders
Knowledge of local employment laws to ensure compliance in the US and the ability to apply those laws to our current and future employees

Why Capco?  
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.
Ready to take the Next Step  
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.
 New York Pay Range120,000—165,000 USD