About Capco
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry.  With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.

We are experts in Banking, Capital Markets, and Wealth and Asset Management.
We are rapidly expanding our Insurance sector capability.
We specialise in Digital Transformation, Data Management  Data Analytics, Business  Finance Transformation engagements, and IT transformation and Change programmes.
We are committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent in the market.
Our focus is on maintaining our agile and entrepreneurial culture.

About the Job
As a Principal Consultant, you will be part of a Capco team working with clients in the Banking  Wealth space. You will be playing a key role in the delivery of projects and working on client site to deliver large-scale change initiatives for leading clients across Financial Services and Insurance sectors. You will be responsible for analysis, design, and consulting support, as well as developing an understanding of our clients strategic direction and issues. Fitting that description, you will also need to be supremely motivated person and able to work in a team where clients become colleagues too.
Key for this role is there is requirement to have a background in Financial Services or Insurance within one of our core capability areas:

Digital Transformation
Data Strategy, Data Management  Data Analytics
Business  Finance Transformation
IT Transformation

We are also keen to bring on those from a consulting background in other industries that can then apply these perspectives and techniques to our core sectors and capability.
We are looking for exceptional talent with the following:

Strong interpersonal and influencing skills; the ability to interact with colleagues at all levels and communicate effectively with stakeholders and clients, especially senior management.
Develop and evaluate procedures, controls, user requirements, and functional specifications to identify gaps between the current state and future state, and propose enhancements to current business processes, reports, and applications to optimize system effectiveness.
Be the liaison between business and technical users, and work to ensure project timelines and milestones are met.
Responsible for delivering and managing projects, individuals workstreams, and communicating project statuses to senior management.
Working on client site to deliver change initiatives for leading clients across financial services, including investment banking, retail banking, technology, wealth, and insurance.
Strong emerging end-to-end generalist problem solving skills, e.g., defining, and deconstructing problems.
Assist in conducting customer interviews and producing meeting summaries.
Produce high-quality verbal and written consulting deliverables (proposals, customer presentations, consulting reports) to effectively communicate project findings.
Experience in management consulting, insurance and financial services preferred. 

Key Requirements

Minimum 8 years of experience working in business analysis and project management.
Diverse problem-solving experience, such as experience with a top management consulting firm or in other generalist problem solving environments across the Financial Services andor Insurance sectors.
Proven track record of delivering projects within the financial services space.
Ability to think strategically, execute tactically, and enable cross-business and cross-functional teams.
Experience and capabilities to communicate with client leaders to influence direction and manage expectations, and excellent project and people management skills.
Strong understanding of Agile ways of working would be an advantage.

WHY CAPCO?   
We are expanding our business rapidly across Singapore and Asia. You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banking and insurance clients in the world, projects that will deliver significant transformation and change.
We offer:
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers  we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm.  We warmly value diversity and inclusion and embrace our collective uniqueness  our culture is a strong, fresh, and invigorating difference from our competitors.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical and dental insurance, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 