Contract Manager
About the Job: 
Capco is looking for a Contract Manager to join its Global Legal Team and support its businesses in the Americas, primarily within the U.S. and Canada, with occasional support to Capco businesses in other countriesregions. We are looking for an experienced contract negotiator, drafter, facilitator, problem solver and self-starter. This is a great opportunity to join an established, yet vibrant and growing organization, and to team up with accomplished, winning professionals.
What Youll Get to Do:

Review, prepare, draft, negotiate and administer a wide variety of commercial agreements (e.g., nondisclosure agreements, master services agreements, software licenses, vendor agreements, teaming and other partner agreements, primesubcontractor agreements, data protection agreements, event contracts, statements of work, amendments, change orders)
Engage in critical issue spotting and lead resolution of issues
Demonstrate understanding of key contractual concepts and risk areas, including but not limited to limitation of liability, indemnification, intellectual property rights, licensing, warranty, confidentiality, information securitydata privacy, audit rights and revenue recognition
Collaborate with other Global Legal Team members and business managers on human capital matters, real estate leases and other general corporate documentsissues as they arise
Assist with corporate governance matters
Build and maintain strong relationships with business teams and other Corporate Services functions
Develop and update contract templates, clause bank, best practices, playbooks and instructional materials
Assist with development of, and also lead, contracts trainings to business teams and other internal groups
Handle vendor procurementsourcing matters
Be responsible for contract management activities, including filing, monitoring and tracking
Learn and grow your career!

What Youll Bring with You:

7 years of experience in contract management, and verifiable experience reviewing, preparing, drafting, negotiating and administering a wide variety of commercial agreements on both the sell and buy sides
Excellent knowledge of contracts and contractual risk allocation
Experience working with commercial contracts in a large corporate environment, preferably at a consulting firm or technology company
Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience required; paralegal certificate is a plus, but not required
Excellent interpersonal and verbalwritten communication skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with team members as well as different stakeholders across departments
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment and managing multiple priorities simultaneously
Proven conceptual, analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to resolve complex issues
Positive, can-do attitude, with eagerness to continually learn and grow

Why Join Capco?
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services. We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change. As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business. We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and earn career advancement. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can Be Yourself at Work BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees.  
Ready to take the Next Step?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.New York Pay Range120,000—165,000 USD