Job Title: REACTNODE Full Stack Developer 
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery. 
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
MAKE AN IMPACT
 
Band:                                      M3 , M2
Experience:                           4 Yrs to 9 Yrs
Work Hour:                            UK shift (12.30 PM IST - 9.30 PM IST)
 
Educational Qualification:
BachelorsMasters degree in computer science, Information Technology
Role Overview
Member of an agile development team of 8-10 people delivering Dashboards and Applications for internal customers for a large Electric Utility Provider.
Required Skills

Youre smart, versatile, and passionate about delivering high quality of code.
Must have experience in Full Stack Web Development using React, Node, Mongo DB
Must have strong experience on React, JavaScript Frameworks, (Angular nice to have), HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Must be good with React hooks, building dynamic contents
Must have used State Management in React i.e., React Redux
Must have used Type Script or ECMA script
Server-side Development  Must have strong experience Node.js, REST APIs
Docker, basic SQL, basic no-SQL (Mongo) development
Knowledge of source control
You have strong communication skills and can effectively work with a remote team
Experience in working with Agile team and JIRA, Confluence or other knowledge management system.
Must have experience of working in SCRUMAGILE
Reliable high-speed internet

Responsibilities

Perform hands-on Full Stack Development, build images, provide application operational support such as application deployment, incident response and planned enterprise activities.
Work with source control (Git  Bitbucket  Artifactory).
Work closely with Product Owner to elaborate technical for stories and provide work estimates.
Demonstrate a passion for learning and willingness to adopt new technologies.
Contribute to a culture of innovation, ideas, and continuous improvement along with a great attitude, solid communication skills, willingness to learn and collaborate

WHY JOIN CAPCO? 
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry. We offer:  A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees  Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise  A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients  A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
