Data Visualisation Consultant  Power BI 
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
ABOUT US
Capco is a global technology and business consultancy, focused on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We are:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
As part of our on-going global expansion strategy, Capco is growing its UK Data Practice in our London office. We are currently seeking to recruit a number of management consultants with data analytics expertise to lead and develop teams to support large scale transformation projects for our leading Financial Services clients.
The applicant should:

Have a real passion for data and a commitment to shift the industry towards forward thinking data analytics
Be keen to join the team to develop the UK Data Visualisation Practice capability and the broader UK and Global Data Practices to support industry changing topics such as Data Visualisation, Data Storytelling, Descriptive and Diagnostic Analytics, Conversational Analytics and Artificial Intelligence
Use business judgment  analytical tools in driving the best results for the business unit. Achieved through a combination of using data, analysis, brainstorming sessions and business judgment in identifying  leading new opportunities and establishing oneself as the Subject matter authority in own field of expertise.
Serve as an evangelist in data visualization techniques, analytics dashboard design, Infographic displays and information delivery best practices
Always be l with the latest software updates, features and industry trends
Be supremely personally motivated to work in a team where clients become colleagues

SKILLS AND EXPERTISE

Ability to manipulate and review large quantities of complex data
Ability to interpret data and translate complex material into easily understandable conclusions
Excellent understanding of the Microsoft BI offering  stack
Ability to build compelling, interactive Power BI dashboards for internal and external client deployment
Strong experience in DAX language
Experience with data integration and transformation using Power Query
Ability to conduct training sessions and workshops to empower internal and external end-users to leverage Power BI functionality effectively
Ability to conduct business analysis and convert business needs into technical specifications and establish a timetable for job completion
Ability to interpret a wide variety of data visualisations such as bar charts, line charts, pie charts, scatterplots, heatmaps and others
Familiarity with programming or querying languages (such as SQL, Python, R, or Spark) optional
Financial services industry background in data analytic
Programme Execution and Change management - proven ability to shape, design and lead the execution of data changes
Desirable experience as a Management Consultant

Professional experience is important but its paramount you share our belief in disruptive innovation that puts clients ahead in a tough market.
From Day One, your key skill will be to perceive new and better ways of doing things to give your clients an unfair advantage.
 