About the team: 
Capco is a global management and technology consultancy that specializes in advisory, implementation, and delivery of client-centered solutions across Financial Services, Energy, and Insurance industries. We support modern platform implementations, digital transformations, end-to-end IT delivery, omni-channel standardization, cloud-based data management, and predictive data analytics. Our collaborative and efficient approach helps clients reduce costs and manage risk and regulatory change while increasing revenues. We are thinkers, innovators, and disruptors. We are small enough to care but large enough to matter.
About the Job: 
As a Project Manager you will play a key role in the delivery of projects and change initiatives for our clients in the financial and energy industry. You will work closely with project teams, product owners, and client stakeholders to resolve conflicts and remove barriers, ensuring deliverables are on-time and meet quality standards. This role could manage a mix of Capco and client employees, all working towards the ultimate goal of delivering various projects on-time and at or under budget.
What Youll Get to Do: 

Assist in the definition of the strategic road map and objectives for the program
Assist in the definition of project scope and goals
Create project plans including setting targets for milestones, adhering to deadlines and allocating resources
Maintain an understanding of technical and functional requirements to ensure gaps are identified and addressed in a timely manner
Drive continual improvement and innovation in the development process
Delegate tasks to the team member best positioned to complete them
Perform quality control on the project throughout development to maintain the standards expected
Partner with clients, product owners and project teams to ensure on-time, and on-budget, quality delivery

What Youll Bring with You: 

5 years of project management experience
Experience working for a management andor technology consulting company 
Knowledge of the electric utility industry
Knowledge of various project management methodologies (agilescrum, waterfall, etc.)
Experience working on and leading implementation projects
Excellent communication, interpersonal and negotiation skills
Experience working across business and IT domains
Experience creating and owningmanaging project budgets
Ability to shift between technical analysis and business value discussions
Ability to lead cross-functional teams
Experience with project management tools (Jira, Rally, Confluence, Trello, etc.)

Why Capco?
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
Ready to take the Next Step 
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.
 