CAPCO POLAND
Capco Poland is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation across the financial services industry. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We also are experts in          focused on development, automation, innovation, and long-term projects in financial services. In Capco, you can code, write, create, and live at your maximum capabilities without getting dull, tired, or foggy.
We are currently joining the best-in-class transformation projects of our Canadian client in banking. Agile transformation, new features development, cloud environment, and security importance. 
 
THINGS YOU WILL DO    
As a Scrum Master, you will be working for the Scrum Team and the organization, with management support in removing impediments and creating the best work environment. You will be collaborating and supporting the Product Owner, monitoring and optimizing software development process. Your role will be mentoring and coaching scrum teams and also ensuring understanding of the Scrum framework in the Team and organization.
 
SKILLS  EXPERIENCES YOU NEED TO GET THE JOB DONE 

English language at least on B2 level
Min. 2 years of experience as a Scrum Master
Experience in a software development company
Ability to work in a diverse and dispersed team
Great communication skills
Team building skills
Independence, responsibility and goal-orientation
Experience in a financial institution is welcome

 
WHY JOIN CAPCO?

Employment contract andor Business to Business - whichever you prefer
Possibility to work remotely
Speaking English on daily basis, mainly in contact with foreign stakeholders and peers
Multiple employee benefits packages (MyBenefit Cafeteria, private medical care, life-insurance)
Access to 3.000 Business Courses Platform (Udemy)
Access to required IT equipment
Paid Referral Program
Participation in charity events e.g. Szlachetna Paczka
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
Being part of the core squad focused on the growth of the Polish business unit
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees

 
ONLINE RECRUITMENT PROCESS STEPS

Screening call with the Recruiter
Home assignment if required
TechnicalCompetencies interview with Capco Hiring Manager
Clients interview
FeedbackOffer

 
Follow us here    or contact us directly  recruiting.polandcapco.com 
 