Our teams in Capco specialize in management consulting  software development, mostly for international banks and insurance companies in western Europe. 

Do you believe you have got what it takes to become a Consultant?
Have you worked in a bank, an insurance, or a capital markets company, even in a SW house?
Do you possess agile project management skills, can you do a business analysis or even understand and assess big datasets and make a clear presentation out of it?
Can you see the big picture, are you an open-minded and curious person?

If you answered yes to any of the questions, we want to hear from you and get to know you! 
We always look for talented and motivated people experienced in the following areas:

Project Management
Business Analysis
Data Analysis
SW development  architecture (Mobile, Back-end, Front-end, Full-stack engineering)
SW testing
Cloud Engineering


 
Benefits of working for Capco:

The opportunity to work with experienced colleagues for prestigious banks
The opportunity to work on different projects, no routine
Technical and soft skills training, professional certifications, full access to the Udemy online learning platform
Sick days, employees vacation  25 days per year, regardless of the age
Cafeteria provided by the Benefits plus services
Fully paid meal vouchers
Smartphone and internet with 1.000 GB of data, laptop
Remote work (Home-office)
We care: we support the well-being of our employees (mental health webinars - Liga za duevn zdravie), team sports activities  e.g. running challenges, multisport card, participation on the volunteering days


You are important to us! Thats why you get a personal coach at our side who supports you individually. With our start-up mentality and our flat hierarchy, you have every opportunity to place your ideas and to put them into practice. In addition, after work, you have numerous opportunities to expand your internal network and get to know new faces through joint sports activities and team events.
 
Do you want to learn more about our culture and people? Visit https:www.capco.comCareersBratislava 
Have we made you curious? Then apply now! It takes only 5 minutes.