About CapcoOur team in Capco specializes in management consulting  software development, mostly for international banks and insurance companies in western Europe. Do you want to learn more about our culture and people? Visit https:www.capco.comCareersBratislava 
Benefits of working for Capco:

The opportunity to work with experienced colleagues for prestigious banks
The opportunity to work on different projects, no routine
Technical and soft skills training, professional certifications, full access to the Udemy online learning platform
Sick days, employees vacation  25 days per year, regardless of the age
Cafeteria provided by the Benefits plus services
Fully paid meal vouchers
Smartphone and internet with 1.000 GB of data, laptop
Remote work (Home-office)
We care: we support the well-being of our employees (mental health webinars - Liga za duevn zdravie), team sports activities  e.g. running challenges, multisport card, participation on the volunteering days

 
Role Description
We are looking for a Cloud Architect, with hands-on experience, who has proven experience delivering software solutions using the latest technologies and frameworks.
Youll be designing, building and overseeing projects within an agile environment, with examples including the creation of;

New Banks - yes, seriously! We have delivered and are actively building new digital banks from scratch for our global clients.
Open Banking Services - we played a key role in shaping the open banking regulation and are now delivering it for clients.
Cloud Strategies - we are currently delivering into production several projects using public cloud service providers and scale cloud migrations with tailormade playbooks.
New Architecture Platforms - we recently launched a new cloud platform with enhanced data management capabilities of our Tier 1 Banking clients.

 
As a Capco Cloud Architect you will:

Have deep technical knowledge of one or more cloud providers public offerings and is curious to learn others, as well as cloud agnostic approaches and technologies
Be able to understand clients objectives and shape cloud solutions that best achieve the requirements of our clients
Have personally made valuable contributions to cloud products  solutions and cloud orientated teams and can articulate the value to customers
Have the ability to communicate complex cloud concepts to non-experts with eloquence and confidence
Be conscious of the importance of ensuring cloud solutions meet risk, compliance and audit needs
Have a genuine interest in the emerging cloud practices and technologies being used in finance and other industries and creative about how to apply these to client use cases
Shape engineering practices based on engineering best practices including DevOps, GitOps, DevSecOps, etc.
Collaborate and share cloud knowledge with Capco colleagues during the full lifecycle from project mobilisation to production implementation
Be part of a team that is forming the future of finance

 
Skills  Expertise
You will have some or all of the following skills  experiences:

A strong technical background with demonstrable expertise in at least one of AWS, GCP or Azure (preferably two of the three)
Good knowledge and understanding of the cloud technology stack spanning compute, storage, security, monitoring, access management and networks
An understanding of IAM principles, tools, role-based access controls and experience of implementing cloud security best practices.
Range of cloud experience from migration, cloud native solutioning, re-engineering for the cloud to workload lift and shift
Experience and understanding of containers and implementing container platforms using Docker etc.
Experience and understanding of Infrastructure as Code (IaC) provisioning  management and tooling (e.g., Hashicorp Terraform)
Experience with design strategies and tools to deploy, monitor, and administer cloud applications and the underlying services for cloud.
Experience with industry standard cloud security and compliance frameworks and cloud controls integration into DevSecOps toolchain
Great communication skills with the ability to present complex ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences including during sales conversations and client workshops

Desirable

A background in proven cloud delivery is most important but it would be highly desirable to have achieved Solutions Architecture andor Engineering certifications with AWS, GCP or Azure. 
Proven experience of leading others and creating an environment that supports and inspires people to develop and deliver
Knowledge of cloud-agnostic architecture or cross-cloud tooling such as Hashicorp Terraform, RedHat Ansible
Experience working in multi-disciplinary teams of engineers, testers, and product owners.
Active programming experience with a modern language e.g. Java, Go, Python
Interest in security certifications such as CISSP, CEH or CISM

 
Recruitment process steps:

Screening call with the Recruiter
TechnicalCompetencies interview with experienced Capco colleague
FeedbackOffer

 
You are important to us! Thats why you get a personal coach at our side who supports you individually. With our start-up mentality and our flat hierarchy, you have every opportunity to place your ideas and to put them into practice. In addition, after work, you have numerous opportunities to expand your internal network and get to know new faces through joint sports activities and team events. Have we made you curious? Then apply now! It takes only 5 minutes. 
If you have any other question related to the position please reach out to me:
  tomas.vancocapco.com
 Tomas Vanco  LinkedIn
 