
Job Title: Murex Environment Support
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery. 
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
MAKE AN IMPACT
 
JOB SUMMARY:

Position: Sr Consultant
Location: Bangalore 
Band: M3 (6 to 10 years)
Shift Timing: Rotational (UKUS)

 
Role Description:
Must Have Skills:

Hands-on experience on UNIX, SQL, Shell Scripting, and knowledge on Crontab, Control-M, and UC4
Should be able to independently work on Murex projects along with key client stakeholders
Must possess end to end environment management and configuration experience
Must be able to create new environments on-demand from scratch
Release management  Exposure to various tools such as SVN, Nexus, ANT, Jenkins, GIT etc
Datamart configurations and Processing scripts configuration for EOD process.
Provide Level123 application production support for in scope data related applications
Set up of Failover  DR for database and application and Infrastructure monitoring
Must possess excellent debugging skills
Understanding of ITIL Practices - Incident, Problem, Change Management, Problem Management, and Event Management
Optimizing Murex EOD Datamart Feeder extractions
Work on service requests using the Incident  Service management workflow, raised by business users and provide resolution.
Should display SME level knowledge in resolving user issues and other environment related issues
Work along with onshore support team to manage batch support of jobs feeding in data and delivering data to consumers
Production and non-production EOD processing  environment support and monitoring
Must possess good understanding of both exchange traded and OTC Derivatives with specific focus on Credit and Rates products with clarity on their life cycle

Good to Have Skills 

Knowledge on MXML workflow and monitoring them. Review queues for message breaks. Handle the STP related issues on environments.
Project management skills

WHY JOIN CAPCO? 
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry. We offer:  A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees  Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise  A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients  A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture

 
