Job Title: Java Microservices Developer
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery.  
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
Location - Bangalore
Years of experience- 4yrs
Technical Requirement:
The candidate must possess a strong technology background with advanced knowledge of Java and Java based technology stack.
 At least 3 years of hand-on Java EE and core Java 8 features, multi-threading, datastructure and algorithms.
 Expertise in microservices development, SpringBoot applications, REST API and Database Programming.
 Expertise in Object Oriented Design, Design patterns, Architecture and Application Integration
 Working knowledge of Databases including Design, SQL proficiency  Strong experience with frameworks used for development and automated testing like spring, Junit, BDD etc.  Experience with UnixLinux
  Ability to coordinate with multiple groups, both internal and external to the firm, including offshore development and QA teams, internal infrastructure groups, vendors, and support teams.
 Strong development skills with ability to understand technical design and translate the same into workable solution.
 Familiarity with working in a large team.  Ability and willingness to learn new technologies and work on the same to meet business requirements.
 A background that includes strong problem solving such as system integration, infrastructure debugging, or system administration.
Good to have skills:
Web UI JS Framework  AngularJS, ExtJS  Distributed Caching  NoSQL Databases  Experience with data management through vendor feeds.  Experience in Docker  Kubernetes and Automated CICD processes.
If you are keen to join us, you will be part of an organization that values your contributions, recognizes your potential, and provides ample opportunities for growth. For more information, visit www.capco.com. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.