MANAGING PRINCIPAL  INSURANCE
Singapore
ABOUT CAPCO
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.
We arehave:

We are experts in Banking, Capital Markets, and Wealth and Asset Management.
We are rapidly expanding our Insurance sector capability.
We specialise in Digital Transformation, Data Management  Data Analytics, Business  Finance Transformation engagements, and IT transformation and Change programmes.
We are committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent in the market.
Our focus is on maintaining our agile and entrepreneurial culture.

RESPONSIBILITIES
As a Managing Principal at Capco, you will be playing a key role in the delivery of projects, working on client sites to deliver large-scale change initiatives for leading Local and MNCs across the Insurance sector.
Key for this role is there is requirement to have a background in Insurance andor Financial Services within one of our core capability areas:

Digital Transformation
Data Strategy, Data Management  Data Analytics
Business  Finance Transformation
IT Transformation

We are keen to bring on those from a consulting background in BFSI industries that can apply their perspectives and techniques to our core sectors and capability.
We are looking for exceptional talent with the following:

SME knowledge in Insurance e.g., Life, Pensions, Health  Employee Benefits, General Insurance, and Property  Casualty.
Provide end-to-end oversight for the delivery of complex, large-scale initiatives and lead operations transformation and process improvement initiatives for multi-national insurers.
Develop forward-thinking technology, business, and digital solutions for insurance clients nationally.
Synthesize market and industry trends into clearly articulated, tailored, and market differentiated client solutions.
Support commercial growth of our insurance clients in specific geographies and disciplines.
Having a strong commercial focus  the ability to develop client relationships, lead sales opportunities, and build market networks and relationships in the insurance sector.
Proactively engage with clients and Capco leadership in regular strategic  planning discussions; cultivate and manage a pipeline of work with clients.
Extensive project and people management experience and ability to deliver and manage projects and individuals workstreams.
Work cross functionally to develop and execute digital transformation strategies to ensure our clients achieve their growth and efficiency objectives.
Lead and mentor resources to grow in their careers.

SKILLS AND EXPERTISE

Relevant experience in the Insurance industry with a specific focus on digital transformation across Operations, Underwriting, Distribution, andor Claims.
Diverse problem-solving experience, such as experience with a top management consulting firm or in other generalist problem solving environments across the Insurance sector.
An outstanding ability to think strategically, execute tactically, and enable cross-business and cross-functional teams.
Experience and capabilities to communicate with client leaders to influence direction and manage expectations, and excellent project and people management skills.
Strong understanding of Agile ways of working would be an advantage.

WHY CAPCO?   
We are expanding our business rapidly across Singapore and Asia. You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banking and insurance clients in the world, projects that will deliver significant transformation and change.
We offer:
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers  we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm. We warmly value diversity and inclusion and embrace our collective uniqueness  our culture is a strong, fresh, and invigorating difference from our competitors.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical and dental insurance and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
 