Are you interested in expanding your consulting exposure? Do you want to move away from an operations role and make an impact on the business?
Do you often feel like processes and ways of working could be better or more efficient?
Capco is a global management consultancy specializing in driving transformation across investment banking, securities services, and insurance. 
We have the people, the vision, and the passion.
We are going through a significant growth journey, and now is a very good time to join us as we expand geographically, increase headcount and disrupt the consulting market across APAC with entrepreneurial and agile thinking.
In your role as a ConsultantSenior Consultant at Capco, you play a key role in the delivery of insurance projects and gain wider exposure to our wider insurance business. You will work closely with senior clients to deliver large-scale change initiatives for leading global insurance firms. Fitting that description, you will also need to be a supremely motivated person and able to work in a team where clients become colleagues too.
We are looking for exceptional talent with the following:

Strong interpersonal and influencing skills  and ability to interact with colleagues at all levels in a peer-like way, and achieve goals without direct control over resources
Strong business analysis skills, able to turn the project requirements into a coherent story and actionable solution.
Working on client site to deliver change initiatives for leading clients across insurance space.
Performance requirement gathering, functional requirement, user stories and business process requirement, 
Prioritizing issues, analysis, and team capacity
Structuring and building quantitative and qualitativeconceptual analyses
Ability to analyse operational and financial data
Communicating project statuses to senior management

SKILLS AND EXPERTISE

Minimum 4 years of experience as a management consultantBusiness Analyst
Experience working in insurance related projects
Diverse problem-solving experience, such as experience with a top management consulting firm or in other generalist problem solving environments across the insurance sector.
An outstanding ability to analyse problems, apply quantitative analytical approaches, communicate effectively and confidently (both oral and written), work well in cross-functional team.
Knowledge of agile ways of working would be an advantage
Openness to an environment of active developmental feedback from peers
Strong experience in using MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint is required
Excellent communication skills in English is essential, Cantonese is required and Mandarin Chinese is an advantage.

READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEP?
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant
Candidates with less experience will be considered for a consultant role.