Job Title: Data Quality Data Governance Consultant - Wealth Management Investment Banking
About Us
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consulting firm. Awarded with Consultancy of the year in the  British Bank Award and has been ranked Top 100 Best Companies for Women in India 2022 by Avtar  Seramount. With our presence across 32 cities across globe, we support 100 clients across banking, financial and Energy sectors. We are recognized for our deep transformation execution and delivery.  
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with the largest international and local banks, insurance companies, payment service providers and other key players in the industry. The projects that will transform the financial services industry.
MAKE AN IMPACT
Innovative thinking, delivery excellence and thought leadership to help our clients transform their business. Together with our clients and industry partners, we deliver disruptive work that is changing energy and financial services.
BEYOURSELFATWORK
Capco has a tolerant, open culture that values diversity, inclusivity, and creativity.
CAREER ADVANCEMENT
With no forced hierarchy at Capco, everyone has the opportunity to grow as we grow, taking their career into their own hands.
DIVERSITY  INCLUSION
We believe that diversity of people and perspective gives us a competitive advantage.
Location - Sarjapur, Bangalore Goregaon, Mumbai
Years of experience- 3yrs
Description 
This position provides a unique opportunity to work across the global organization on several strategic initiatives and to help shape the culture to value the importance of data for the business success. This role requires a professional who can multitask and manage key Data Quality projects and can formulate strategies to overcome Data Quality related challenges. 
 
Responsibilities:
 Collaborate with stakeholders across IM and Firm Data Center of Excellence to develop and deliver on the overarching Data Governance and Data Quality strategy
 Interact with business stakeholders and IT to identify, prioritize and address issues related to Data Quality and Data Quality tooling
 End-to-end analysis of business processes, data flows, and data usage to identify opportunities to incorporate Data Quality checks to improve business productivity
 Manage development of business requirements and use cases for data quality related projects
 Manage change control process and participate in user acceptance testing (UAT) activities
 Work with IT on enhancing DQ platforms and oversee testing and implementation of enhancements and or new tools pertaining to Data Quality
 Create awareness of the central Data Quality platform and work with various functional teams to adopt the same
 Support other DAG initiatives on Data Quality, Data governance and Sensitive Data Program
 Assist in tracking of data issues logged
 
 
SkillsExperienceEducation Required:
 3 years of Data management, Data analytics, or Data quality experience in financial services
 A degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related experience
 Prior experience working with Data Quality platform exception management tools
 Experience working with Data Profiling tools
 Experience in coding, Python, Excel VBA, SQL and working with BI reporting tools
 Ability to interact with business and technology teams to understand processes and Data usage 
 Technical understanding of Data warehousing, Data quality and analytics platforms
 Skilled in Data analysis, able to trace data from source to consumption
 Capable of working across organization and as part of a cross-functional virtual team. Ability to work and think independently, but within a team-based approach
 Strategic thinker and problem solver, working through entire Data Quality lifecycle 
 Ability to effectively prioritize and handle multiple tasks
 Strong communication skills 
 Sets aggressive goals and is accountable for continuously driving improved outcomes, leading change and ensuring highest quality work product
If you are keen to join us, you will be part of an organization that values your contributions, recognizes your potential, and provides ample opportunities for growth. For more information, visit www.capco.com. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and YouTube.