Senior Java Backend Developer
About the team:
At the Capco Technology Delivery Center, we are dedicated to the financial services industries. Our professionals combine innovative thinking with unrivalled industry and domain expertise to offer our clients consulting expertise, complex technology and package integration, transformation delivery, and managed services, to move their organizations forward. Through our collaborative and efficient approach, we help our clients successfully innovate, increase revenue, manage risk and regulatory change, reduce costs, and enhance controls. Our teams stay at the forefront of industry trends and technologies that are driving innovation. From strategy to launch, we are adept at delivering across the full product lifecycle. 
About the Job:
As a member of the Capco Technology Delivery Team, youll bring practical knowledge of agile development methodologies and engineering best practices. As a Java Backend Developer, youll use your experience and skills to contribute to the quality and implementation of our software products for our customers.
What Youll Get to Do:

Perform hands-on Java Development, adoption of modern software engineering  delivery practices using Java, Spring Boot, and Test Automation
Work closely with the team to understand needs around client stakeholder management
Demonstrate a passion for learning and a willingness to adopt new technologies
Contribute to a culture of innovation, ideas, and continuous improvement, along with a great attitude, solid communication skills, willingness to learn and collaborate
Develop and maintain Java applications and RESTful APIs in various environments
Assist in the development of technical requirements for Agile development teams
Develop updates, corrections, or enhancements including Business Logic in Java  SQL

What Youll Bring with You:

4 years development experience using Java in a J2EE environment
Experience in Java and Spring Boot framework
Understanding in creating applications with RESTful API  JSON and Swagger
Experience working with SQL and NoSQL databases
Working knowledge of Git, EclipseIntelliJ
Experience with Maven andor Gradle
Experience working in an agile environment

Why Capco?
A career at Capco is a chance to help reshape the competitive landscape in financial services.  We launch new banks, transform existing ones, and help our clients navigate complex change.  As consultants, we work on the front-end business design all the way through to technology implementation.
We are the largest Financial Services focused consultancy in the world, serving everyone from global banks to emerging FinTechs, from strategy through digital transformation, design, business consulting, data and analytics, cyber, cloud, technology architecture, and engineering.
Capco is a young and growing firm. We maintain an entrepreneurial spirit and growth mindset, and have minimal bureaucracy. We have no internal silos that get in the way of your career opportunities or  ability to focus on our clients and make a difference to the business.  We offer the opportunity for everyone to learn rapidly, take on tough challenges, and get promoted quickly. We take pride in our creative, collaborative, diverse, and inclusive culture, where everyone can BYAW.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a 401(k) plan, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
Ready to take the Next Step 
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you.  This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant growth trajectory.