Job Description:
Tivoli Workload Scheduler - Scheduling  Application Support - Distributed systems
Skill Requirements:
o Minimum 3 years working with Tivoli Workload Scheduler or equivalent scheduling software. (Experience with a distributed platform preferred). o Minimum 3 years reviewingconfiguringdesigningimplementing scheduling requests based on received user documentationinstructions. o Experienced with directly investigatingtroubleshooting and providing solutions to scheduling issues. o Ability to regularly exercise a high degree of independent judgment in high pressure situations. o Ability to work independently and collaboratively within and outside of the group. o Candidates must possess good verbal communication skills over the phone o Candidates must be able to manage and prioritize multiple critical tasks and issues concurrently. o Has knowledge and hands on experience with Linux operating system and commands are essential and beneficial. o Has basic knowledge and hands on experience with Windows Server operating system and command line commands. o Basic understanding of AGILE methodology and familiar with JIRA tool. o Basic programming and scripting ( bash perl  awk ) knowledge and experience beneficial. o Any knowledge or experience with the following is beneficial:  Basic understanding of networks  Basic understanding of IBM DB2  Basic understanding of application processing  Basic understanding of JIRA, Confluence  ServiceNow.  Bitbucket, IBM Connect:DirectNDM, IBM Websphere, IBM Tivoli Monitoring software is useful.
Work Timing and On Call: 

Shift: Should be flexible to support any 9 hour shift within 24 hour window during weekdays. 24X7 rotational
Shift Timings  11:30 PM  8:30 AM IST, 6:00 AM  3:00 PM IST, 8:30 AM  5:30 PM IST, 5:30 PM IST  02:30 AM IST
Additional work hours as needed to complete scheduling requests. On-call support required on planned Weekends on rotational basis.

 WHY JOIN CAPCO?
You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world, on projects that will transform the financial services industry.
 We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
