
About Us
Joining Capco means joining an organization that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can. We believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different.
We arehave:

Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset managementDeep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture


Responsibilities




 
The jobholder is responsible for managing and mitigating operational risks in their day to day operations. In executing these responsibilities, the Group has adopted risk management and internal control structure referred to as the Three Lines of Defence. The jobholder should ensure they understand their position within the Three Lines of Defence, and act accordingly in line with operational risk policy, escalating in a timely manner where they are unsure of actions required.
 
 
The following statement is only for roles with core responsibilities in Operational Risk Management (Risk Owner, Control Owner, Risk Steward, BRCM, and Operational Risk Function
 
The jobholder has responsibility for overseeing and ensuring that Operational risks are managed in accordance with the Group Standards Manual, Risk FIM and relevant guidelines and standards.  The jobholder should comply with the detailed expectations and responsibilities for their core role in operational risk management through ensuring all actions take account of operational risks, and through using the Operational Risk Management Framework appropriately to manage those risks.
 
This will be achieved by:
o   Continuously reassessing risks associated with the role and inherent in the business, taking account of changing economic or market conditions, legal and regulatory requirements, operating procedures and practices, management restructurings, and the impact of new technology.
o   Ensuring all actions take account of the likelihood of operational risk occurring, addressing areas of concern in conjunction with Risk and relevant line colleagues, and also by ensuring that actions resulting from points raised by internal or external audits, and external regulators, are correctly implemented in a timely fashion.




 




The jobholder will adhere to, and be able to demonstrate adherence to, internal controls and will implement the Group compliance policy by adhering to all relevant processesprocedures.
 
The term compliance embraces all relevant financial services laws, rules and codes with which the business has to comply. This will be achieved by adherence to all relevant procedures, keeping appropriate records and, where appropriate, by the timely implementation of internal and external audit points, including issues raised by external regulators.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 




 
Knowledge, Skills  Experience
 




 
         Experience (6 years) of data governance and other data management activities.
         Good knowledge and understanding of semantic  conceptual modeling and its role in data governance i.e., Semantics of Business Vocabularies and Business Rules (SBVR), UML Class Models, etc.
         Good knowledge of industry standards and regulations on data management (i.e., DCAM, BCBS 239, etc.)
         Experience in managing the work of others to deliver against demands
         Experience in managing data governance demands and delivery of data governance services
         Skilled at driving and executing a high-volume process  completerfinisher mindset.
         Problem solver with ability to find practical solutions and prevent delays.
         Influencing skills, able to gain support and buy in from stakeholders.
         Strong communicator with excellent oral and written skills.
         Process improvement  simplification experience desirable.
 
 



