Capco is a global technology and business consultancy with a focus on the financial services sector. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry, combining innovative thinking with unique expert know-how.  The solutions we offer our customers every day are as diverse as our employees.
Would you like to make a difference and put your ideas into practice with us?
What we are looking for:
Position: Data Architect (Managing Principal) Less experienced candidates will be considered for a Principal Consultant.
Location: Hong Kong
Our Data Team
Capcos Data Team helps our clients transform every aspect of their business.  We are highly skilled at formulating data strategies, defining business and technology initiatives across the data management lifecycle, and aligning multi-year strategic roadmaps with clients business goals. As digital technologies advance and regulations tighten, todays consumers  and, therefore, todays businesses  are becoming more aware of the importance of good quality data. We work to establish holistic ways to effectively manage data through the modern data supply chain and facilitate consumption through analytics, modeling, AI, machine learning, dashboarding, and reporting.
About the Job:

As a member of our Data Team, you will work across Capcos different domains and solutions to accompany and lead complex agile consulting projects supporting our clients with data architecture design and delivery.
You will work with technology leaders across Financial Services to provide the best practice guidance for data management and data architecture development and optimization.
You will build a set of services and capabilities that support Capcos vision of Modern Data Architecture and our clients data journeys to Cloud to enable efficient, transparent, and high-quality data management.
You will have opportunities to assume greater responsibility for your topics, as well as managing small project teams and supporting Capco Data Architecture business development.

What Youll Bring with You:

Experience architecting  implementing data strategy, solutions  governance models.
Experience in aligning data architecture  strategy across multiple programs, work streams and business units.
Experience working with Big Data eco-system including tools such as Hadoop, Spark, Map Reduce, Sqoop, HBase, Hive and Impala
Demonstrable experience using Cloud data technologies to develop enterprise Data platforms.
Cloud architectdata architect certifications (AWS, GPC, Azure).

Knowledge of the relevant procedures, architectures, and technologies in one or more of the following topics:

Contextual Data Modelling, Entity Relationship Modelling, Logical  Physical Data Modelling, and Data Lake design.
Experience designing and implementing cloud data migration and storage patterns on one or more AWS, GCP, and Microsoft Azure
Experience implementing and integrating data management platforms for data cataloging, classification, and metadata management.
Experience with cloud-centric ETL technologies and tools (Lake Formation, Spark, Dataflow, and others).
Experience designing and developing data privacy, security, and entitlements frameworks for cloud provider ecosystems (AWS, Azure, GCP).
Good understanding of cloud networking architecture, operations, automation, and cost management.
Ideally, relevant practical project experience in Financial Services with proven leadership skills and ability to operate in complex environmentsprojects, managing multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organisation.
An understanding or interest in Graph computing and semantic data modeling.
A credible individual who can communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Effective teamworking with very good analytical and conceptual skills and assertiveness

We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees.
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise.
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients.
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family-friendly benefits, including maternityadoptionshared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause, and bereavement.
