About Capco
Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.
 
Responsibilities:
 Supports development of overall test strategy and plan Communicates with other groups and individuals on behalf of QA function Execute all test functionsactivities as committed Be accountable for the quality of testing performed within area of responsibility Creates high-level QA plans for major projects and program of work Coordinate the planning of the business testing activities with IT Workstream (internal and vendor) Leads and Business Workstream Leads Leads, track and report on end to end testing activities Provides guidance in the preparation of technical appraisals of programming languages and systems, computational software and related technology. Conducts internal studies andor audits on client and product developmentengineering or operations team activities to evaluate if processes and deliverables fulfil requirements for quality, to uncover errors or deficiencies in processes and deliverables and to identify strengths and opportunities for improvement; studies and audits include issues such as profitability, productivity and quality. Plan and monitor the execution of end to end testing activities Point of escalation for end to end test related issues Develop and collate user acceptance and business process testing Identify and document end to end test scenarios Collation and mapping of test cases back to business requirements and business processes Coordinate user acceptance and integration tests, document issues and raise defects in testing tool and performance of retesting Coordinate UAT sign-off from SMEs and provide final signoff for UAT
Qualifications:
 Technical background: BABSMAMSC in computer science. Good experience in test methodologies, preparing strategies and plans. Experienced leading QATesters team (for Senior role) Experienced working in the scrum environment Thorough knowledge and use of process improvement and quality management methods, tools and technology used to create and support defect-free, application software or business operations processes for which the quality program will be focused Ability to work collaboratively with others to achieve the company and project goals Ability to influence and motivate clients and employees Ability to succeed in an agile work environment where cross-functional teams work closely together to ensure requirements are met or exceeded Good English and Spoken Thai
Other Desired Qualifications:
 Experience with test automation tools (Selenium Webdriver, Protractor, and so on). Knowledge of build tools such as Maven. Knowledge of different platforms (nix, windows). Experience with version control systems (SVNGit). Knowledge of Java, JavaScript, or other scripting languages.