Capco, a Wipro company, is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation in the financial services industry. With a growing client portfolio comprising of over 100 global organizations, Capco operates at the intersection of business and technology by combining innovative thinking with unrivalled industry knowledge to deliver end-to-end data-driven solutions and fast-track digital initiatives for banking and payments, capital markets, wealth and asset management, insurance, and the energy sector. Capcos cutting-edge ingenuity is brought to life through its Innovation Labs and award-winning Be Yourself At Work culture and diverse talent.
About the Job: 
As a Principal Consultant (InsuranceBanking Expert), you will partner with our Leadership team to proactively work on business development with a focus within the Banking  Financial  Insurance domain. You will be able to leverage your knowledge  network within the space to sell high value digital consulting engagements. The Principal Consultant (InsuranceBanking Expert) will operate within an innovative and agile environment where a self-driven sales professional would thrive. You will work with existing accounts as well as developing projects for new accounts within Thailand.
What Youll Get to Do: 

Lead multiple developmentscrum teams to delivery technical roadmap with best practices
Act as the contact point for technical domain from clients
Lead technical design, architect, solution with leads in working stream
Participate, propose, present in technical review with other parties such as clients and other venders.
Work with internal and external stakeholders to identity, mitigate the risks and set expectations.

What Youll Bring with You: 

Minimum 5-8 years of professional experience with leading management consultancies for insurancebanking companies.
Experience in developing and leading digital innovation and transformation programs
Should have solid understanding and experience in one or more digital and data capabilities such as data analytics, AI and RPA within insurancebanking industry.
Bachelors degree in Business or a related field or equivalent experience
Strong understanding of Banking  Financial  Insurance industry issues and ability to articulate value propositions internally and externally.
Ability to develop trusted and durable relationships with clients and ecosystem partners across the domain
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Technically savvy with PowerPoint and Excel with ability to analyse data and conclude business insights.
Highly adaptable, and able to thrive in ambiguous and ever change environments.
Desirable that you have an existing network you can leverage, as well as a track record of sourcing clients through prospecting and networking to win new projects.
Must be able to speak fluent Thai and English
Thai Nationality
