Are you ambitious? Do you want the autonomy to build something? Feel youre being held back in your current role? If so, maybe Capco is the place for you!
As a Managing Principal at Capco, you are a business leader. You will be someone who drives change, brings innovative ideas and solutions to clients, and delivers large-scale projects. You will embody a true entrepreneurial mindset, building your network and winning new business for Capco. Alongside this, you are a mentor. You will support, nurture and grow the talent in your team encouraging them to be leaders of the future.
We are looking for exceptional talent with the following:

Strong interpersonal and influencing skills  and ability to interact with colleagues at all levels in a peer-like way, and achieve goals without direct control over resources
Responsible for delivering projects
Working on client site to deliver change initiatives for leading clients across financial services, including investment banking, wealth and asset management.
Strong emerging end-to-end generalist problem solving skills, e.g. Defining and deconstructing problems
Performance requirement gathering, functional requirement, user stories and business process requirement, technology architectures 
Prioritizing issues, analysis, and team capacity
Structuring and building quantitative and qualitativeconceptual analyses
Ability to analyse operational and financial data
Manage projects and individuals workstreams
Communicating project statuses to senior management

SKILLS AND EXPERTISE

Minimum 10 years of experience as a management consultant
SME knowledge in Capital Markets, Asset Management or Securities.
Proven track record of originating projects and building revenue streams.
Diverse problem-solving experience, such as experience with a top management consulting firm or in other generalist problem solving environments across the Capital Markets Sector
An outstanding ability to analyse problems, apply quantitative analytical approaches, communicate effectively and confidently (both oral and written), work well in cross-functional teams
Strong understanding of Prince 2AgileWaterfall is preferred 
Knowledge of agile ways of working would be an advantage
Openness to an environment of active developmental feedback from peers
Strong experience in using MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint is required
Excellent communication skills in English is essential. Cantonese and Mandarin are an advantage

WHY CAPCO?   
We are expanding our business rapidly across Hong Kong and Asia. You will work on engaging projects with some of the largest banking and insurance clients in the world, projects that will deliver significant transformation and change.
We offer:
You will join a company that supports and encourages an entrepreneurial outlook and independent thinking. Capco is not about organizational charts and layers  we operate with little hierarchy because we want all employees to feel that Capco is their firm.  We warmly value diversity and inclusion and embrace our collective uniqueness  our culture is a strong, fresh, and invigorating difference from our competitors.
We offer highly competitive benefits, including medical, dental and vision insurance, a pension scheme, tuition reimbursement, and a work culture focused on innovation and creation of lasting value for our clients and employees. 
 
READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEP? 
If this sounds like you, we would love to hear from you. This is an opportunity to make a difference and contribute to a highly successful company with a significant