Operations Analyst  Associate (0-3 Years Experience)  Settlements, KYC, Transaction Reporting  Financial Services
 Location - Glasgow 23 days a week commutable from surrounding areas  (inc Edinburgh etc)
Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.
About Capco
We are:

Experts in capital markets, banking and payments and wealth and asset management
Deep knowledge in financial services offering, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking etc.
Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there
Focus on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture

Role Description
This is a fantastic opportunity for someone interested and keen to enter financial services or someone keen to grow their career in financial services.
You might be a recent graduate with A levels or a university degree or someone who has previously worked in an operations role at a financial institution (e.g. Settlements, KYC, Transaction Reporting etc).
Capco are currently recruiting for a number Analysts  Associates to work on client site supporting the  Operations team.
The Operations Analyst  Associate will participate in a range of business as usual Operational activities focused on executing tasks such as trade processing, data analysis, reconciliation and reporting.
The role of the Operations Analyst  Associate requires excellent attention to detail and analytical skills and will be attractive to individuals who thrive in high paced, and deadline driven environments.
Your responsibilities will include and not limited to the following;

Process execution: ability to follow detailed procedures accurately
Process improvement: identify ways to improve processes
Documentation collation: Identify which documents need to be obtained and review for accuracy against set standards. Responding to internal and external email queries.
Cross-training new team members.

Full and detailed training will be provided.
Skills and Experience

You will be driven, diligent and process oriented
Analytical and comfortable using Excel
Excellent attention to detail
Great communication skills  written  verbal
You will have completed your A-Levels or will be a new graduate (any degree, but business, law, maths or finance preferred)

 
WHY JOIN CAPCO?
We offer:

A work culture focused on innovation and building lasting value for our clients and employees
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture
Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement

NEXT STEPS
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, please do not hesitate to apply. We are looking forward to receiving your application.
To learn more about Capco and its people check out the website on www.capco.com