Business Analyst 
Capco  The Future. Now.
Capco is a distinctly and positively different place to work. Much more than consultants, we are active participants in the global financial services industry. Our passionate business and technology professionals enjoy a unique environment where they are actively encouraged to apply intellect, innovation, experience and teamwork. We are dedicated to fully supporting our world class clients as they respond to challenges and opportunities in: Banking, Capital Markets, Finance Risk  Compliance, Insurance, and Wealth and Investment Management. Experience Capco for yourself at capco.com
Lets Talk About You
You want to Own Your Career. Youre serious about rising as far and as fast as your work and achievements can take you. And youre ready to write the next chapter of your career story: a challenging and rewarding role as a Capco Business Analyst. 
Lets Get Down To Business
We are looking for Business Analyst to join our Business Consulting team. This is a chance to join one of the fastest growing and exciting consultancies, with an opportunity to grow with the company as it expands. 
Responsibilities

Establish collaborative relationships with external and internal stakeholders.
Working closely with clients to define and optimize their roadmap
Gather accurate requirements and create user stories
Strategically and creatively think about how the consumer experience should work; translating a vision to processes and requirements
Shaping and executing complex digital transformations

Show Us What Youve Got
It will be very useful if you have some or all of the following skills and experience:

10 years Business Analysis experience
Product Owner or Agile related delivery experience
Ability to create Business Cases
Ability to run sessions with stakeholders to get requirements
Familiar with Epic, User Story Writing
Independently leading sessions to gather information from key stakeholders
Knowledge of process re-engineering will be an advantage
Effective communicator - liaising between stakeholders and users
Agile methodology experience
Financial Industry experience 
Experience in Commercial, Digital an Retail banking

Professional experience is important. But its paramount you share our belief in disruptive innovation that puts clients ahead in a tough market. From Day One, your key skill will be to perceive new and better ways of doing things to give your clients an unfair advantage.
Now Take the Next Step 
If youre looking forward to progressing your career with us, then were looking forward to receiving your application.
Capco is well known for its thought leadership and client-centric model that distinguishes it from other consulting firms. Capcos strong technology and digital knowledge base, its global experience of the Financial Service enables us to deliver projects from strategy through to delivery. We are committed to providing new areas of expertise from which our clients will greatly benefit. We have:

Access to industry-focused talent globally
Ability to leverage best-of-breed, innovative products and solutions for complex architecture and large-scale transformation
Extended global geographic market reach
Ability to capitalize on our client footprint and deep domain expertise within financial services

For more information about Capco, visit www.Capco.com.
Capco is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. 
 