
Payments Architect
 


ABOUT CAPCO
 


Joining Capco means joining an organisation that is committed to an inclusive working environment where youre encouraged to BeYourselfAtWork. We celebrate individuality and recognize that diversity and inclusion, in all forms, is critical to success. Its important to us that we recruit and develop as diverse a range of talent as we can and we believe that everyone brings something different to the table  so wed love to know what makes you different. Such differences may mean we need to make changes to our process to allow you the best possible platform to succeed, and we are happy to cater to any reasonable adjustments you may require. You will find the section to let us know of these at the bottom of your application form or you can mention it directly to your recruiter at any stage and they will be happy to help.


 
We are:



Experts in banking and payments, capital markets and wealth and asset management


Deep knowledge in financial services offerings, including e.g. Finance, Risk and Compliance, Financial Crime, Core Banking and Payments


Committed to growing our business and hiring the best talent to help us get there


Focused on maintaining our nimble, agile and entrepreneurial culture



ROLE DESCRIPTION
 


Capco are looking for a Payments Architect to work on exciting payments technology and complex delivery problems for our clients. We help clients design exceptional customer experiences and products, modernise platforms, implement bleeding-edge event sourced architects, partner with challenger fintechs, and get the best out of emerging technologies.


You will have an opportunity to participate and spearhead an energetic community of cards and payments specialist consultants and technologists.


 


Heres what we expect


 


It is crucial that you share our appetite for innovation and having a real impact. You will help our clients realise the opportunities of adopting modern technologies, business models, architectures and ways of working to overcome todays payments challenges. From day one, your key skill will be to perceive new and better ways of doing things to give your clients a daring advantage.



Intellectual curiosity, a willingness to learn and desire to make an impact.


Good communication skills, and an ability to present complex ideas in simple ways.


Confidence in your ideas, but modesty about how you conduct yourself.


A problem-solving attitude, being innovative and having a flexible working style.


Experience working well with a team, but confidence to take the initiative when necessary.



SKILLS  EXPERTISE



Enterprise or Solution Architecture experience, successfully delivering new payments solutions to production for banks, PSPs, schemes, FinTechs or other FS institutions. Relevant knowledge can include target operating model, business process, application, application, data, cloud and security architecture design.


Expertise in one or both of Cards and Payments;


Transaction banking, B2B, consumer and corporate payments products


Cards: issuing (debit, credit, pre-paid, consumer and business) platform, processing productsproviders, schemes, acquirers


Interbank and internationalcross-border payments processing


Payments data including ISO20022, ISO8583 and SWIFT messages


Open Banking and PSD2, PISP and AISP


Expertise with enterprise software platforms and modern as-a-service providers in cards and payments


Experience working in the product  software development lifecycle, alongside cross-functional teams



WHY JOIN CAPCO?
 


Because you are curious, because you want to know what is going on inside engaging projects with some of the largest banks in the world and because you want to work on projects that transform the financial services industry.


 
We offer:



A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees


Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise


A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients


A diverse, inclusive, meritocratic culture


Enhanced and competitive family friendly benefits, including maternity  adoption  shared parental leave and paid leave for sickness, pregnancy loss, fertility treatment, menopause and bereavement

