Do you want to work on the most pressing problem of our generation? 
Were building the infrastructure for the net zero transition, and were looking for brilliant builders who want to help define a low carbon future.
Decarbonizing the economy requires a granular, real-time view of where emissions come from and how they might be reduced. We build software to automate the carbon footprinting of supply chains. Banks, traders, and manufacturers use our product to tame the complexity of international supply networks, identify the most carbon-intensive parts, and find greener alternatives. Having developed technology which is significant in advance of competitive solutions, we are now investing heavily in market adoption.You can find out more about interviewing at CarbonChain at https:www.carbonchain.comcareersinterview-process.What will you be responsible for at Carbon Chain?
Were building an industrial-strength carbon accounting solution for the companies that buy from the worlds most polluting sectors. Our product has rapidly grown to serve dozens of the worlds largest commodity traders and their financing banks, and were accelerating growth into manufacturing.
Were looking for a Product Manager to work closely with the leadership and tech teams to guide this growth. We need somebody who loves to spend time with users and buyers, with a passion for sustainability and understanding complex organisations. Were at an inflection point where the number of different use cases supported by our platform is burgeoning, and wed love to hire a PM with a strong instinct for synthesis who can unify the product around the most impactful user journeys, and identify opportunities for new offerings.
Were a small team of versatile technologists and we dont believe in a siloed approach. As a PM, youll be working with data scientists, software engineers, and domain experts to build solutions to facilitate the transition to net-zero. In a typical day you might:

Sit in on a customer call with a metals trader
Spend time with a carbon accounting expert figuring out how to represent uncertainty in our emissions estimates
Write up a series of user stories around new platform functionality
Take a call with a bank who wants advice on setting decarbonization KPIs
Conduct a user interview with the Head of ESG at a large Swiss commodity trader
Spend time driving alignment across engineering, sales, data science, and user experience to accelerate the team

This is a senior role, requiring a deep understanding of technical, commercial, and environmental contexts. 
We expect you to bring

Experience with prototyping  wireframing
Exceptional written and verbal communication 
Experience with building technical software products in high growth environments

Ideally youd also be familiar with

Decarbonization, specifically carbon accounting
Running team rituals such as standups, retros, and planning meetings
Working with senior stakeholders (e.g. CEOs) to shape the roadmap 
Service design, ensuring smooth customer experience from sales through onboarding and beyond
Financial institutions, specifically trade
Experience founding your own company

You can expect us to give you

A product with good instrumentation (Google analytics, Hotjar, DataDog) with lots of users who would love to talk to you
A tight-knit, user-focused tech team which is responsive to customer needs
A well-oiled sales team who understand product constraints and will provide high quality access to the market
Huge potential for personal growth into a product leadership position

What were offering

Competitive salary  generous equity package
Flexible working hours - we encourage regular breaks and being AFK (away from keyboard) to support your wellbeing
Flexible working location (we like to meet in the office couple of times every week)
2000 annual development allowance for you to spend on developing your current skills and learning new things
Tech equipment of your choice
Regular social activities
Generous amount of holidays

 
If you think your skills and experience match what were looking for and youd like to join a Carbon Tech industry unicorn, please get in touch!If you think your skills and experience match what were looking for and youd like to join a Carbon Tech industry unicorn, please get in touch!
 