Do you want to work on the most pressing problem of our generation? 
Were building the infrastructure for the net zero transition, and were looking for brilliant builders who want to help define a low carbon future.
Decarbonizing the economy requires a granular, real-time view of where emissions come from and how they might be reduced. We build software to automate the carbon footprinting of supply chains. Banks, traders, and manufacturers use our product to tame the complexity of international supply networks, identify the most carbon-intensive parts, and find greener alternatives. Having developed technology which is significant in advance of competitive solutions, we are now investing heavily in market adoption.You can find out more about interviewing at CarbonChain at https:www.carbonchain.comcareersinterview-process.Were building the infrastructure for the net zero transition, and were looking for brilliant analysts and scientists who want to help define a low carbon future.
To join Carbon Chain, youll be a keen technologist who loves to learn from others. Our company is made up of passionate people with expertise ranging from oil refining to deep learning. Between us weve run Amazons European supply chain, built JustEats corporate meal delivery platform, and monitored industrial emissions with satellites for Al Gore. Weve got MBAs and PhDs but we know that theres a lot we dont know, and were hoping you can help fill that gap.
What will you be responsible for at Carbon Chain?
As the world becomes increasingly aware of the reality of climate change and the need to decarbonize, there is a pressing need to understand the carbon intensity of every activity within the worlds supply chains. As a Data Analyst, your job is to help build the datasets necessary to provide this understanding and display the information in a meaningful manner to our customers.
Were a team of versatile technologists and we dont believe in a siloed approach. Our data team sit side by side with software engineers and designers, making sure that we have the data we need to provide the experience our customers want.
Youll be deeply embedded in the product team and youll see the results of your work in the hands of clients on a daily basis. Youll work closely with our domain experts, and have the chance to present your work to clients.
You can expect:

Ownership of your projects.
Support to deepen your technical skills, including coding.
The ability to make real changes with tangible business value.

A typical day might involve:

Researching the drivers of emissions in the production of transition metals.
Running analysis for our customers and presenting your results in a business intelligence tool.
Working with the data team to map out our customers supply chains in code.

Our data science stack is predominantly Python. We deploy our work in a variety of ways depending upon the challenge, from Lambdas to Docker containers. We do not expect our analysts to be proficient in writing production code, but we do expect them to have a willingness to learn and demonstrate curiosity.
Our only must-haves are possessing a hunger to solve business challenges using technology, the ability to build close relationships with your team, and the right to work in the UK.
What tools, technologies, and processes will you be using?

Data processing using the standard scientific stack (Pandas, Numpy, Scipy) and other tools.
Data visualization tools such as PowerBI, Retool, and Looker.
PostgreSQL managed databases for the persistence layer.
Querying our databases using SQL on Google Cloud Platform services.
Researching, building and maintaining datasets to understand the carbon intensity of every activity in the economy.
Notion for project management and documentation.

You dont need to be a pro at all of these skills to apply for the role, but wed love to hear about any relevant knowledge and experiences that you have in these areas.
What we require from applicants

Proficient in writing Python code.
Excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.
Prior experience in a customer-facing role is a plus.
Strong attention to detail and accuracy in data analysis.
Must have the right to work in the UK and be willing to work in the London office at least 2 days a week.
A minimum of 3 years of experience in a similar Data AnalystData Scientist role is required.
Willingness to work in an early-stage startup environment.

What were offering

Competitive salary  generous equity package
Flexible working hours - we encourage regular breaks and being AFK (away from keyboard) to support your wellbeing
Flexible working location (we like to meet in the office couple of times every week)
2000 annual development allowance for you to spend on developing your current skills and learning new things
Tech equipment of your choice
Team lunch on Wednesdays, and frequent pub trips
Pakt coffee and snacks of your choice in the office
26days holiday  bank holidays

Were striving to build a diverse team and we would love to hear from applicants from backgrounds less frequently represented in technology, be that in terms of gender, race, or professional background.If you think your skills and experience match what were looking for and youd like to join a Carbon Tech industry unicorn, please get in touch!
 