Do you want to work on the most pressing problem of our generation? 
Were building the infrastructure for the net zero transition, and were looking for brilliant builders who want to help define a low carbon future.
Decarbonizing the economy requires a granular, real-time view of where emissions come from and how they might be reduced. We build software to automate the carbon footprinting of supply chains. Banks, traders, and manufacturers use our product to tame the complexity of international supply networks, identify the most carbon-intensive parts, and find greener alternatives. Having developed technology which is significant in advance of competitive solutions, we are now investing heavily in market adoption.You can find out more about interviewing at CarbonChain at https:www.carbonchain.comcareersinterview-process.Working at CarbonChain
To join CarbonChain, youll be a keen team player who loves to learn from others. Our company is made up of passionate people with expertise ranging from oil refining to deep learning. Between us weve run Amazons European supply chain, built JustEats corporate meal delivery platform, and monitored industrial emissions with satellites for Al Gore. Weve got MBAs and PhDs but we know that theres a lot we dont know, and were hoping you can help fill that gap.
We encourage every member of our team to be the best they can be, whether thats developing skills through their learning budget or participating in reading groups. Our work requires everybody to straddle the physical and digital worlds, and a growth mindset is essential.
Youll be working closely with the technologists who develop our product, bringing back insights from the market into what customers and users want. Your feedback will help shape the roadmap, and youll be supported by a crack team that loves to ship quickly and get products into customers hands.
The role
CarbonChain is looking for an Enterprise Account Executive for our London HQ, who will be responsible for developing our initial opportunities into recurring revenue deals. As the first professional sales hire in the organisation, you will report to the CEO.  
This position is for someone who has the flexibility to handle an ambiguous and rapidly changing environment, ramp up very fast on the technology and the market, and help direct the companys efforts given your regular contact with prospects and customers.
We need an experienced salesperson who has a proven Software-as-a-Service sales approach, a successful track record of growing and onboarding clients with polished presentation skills, and the experience of working in a start-up.
What will you be responsible for at Carbon Chain?

Develop and nurture relationships within all our existing accounts and prospects.  Be the primary point of contact engagement for all new opportunities.
Rapidly identify the steps necessary to close opportunities, and work with the COOCEO to bring those customers on board quickly and with a win-win commercial relationship.
Become an expert on decarbonization and the challenges we can help our clients overcome on their journey to Net Zero
Work closely with clients and the Product team to work out what data the client has and how best to access it
Provide clear and analytical feedback from prospects and customers and ensure that the COOCEO are frequently directly engaged with these organisations.
Work closely with the Product team to contribute insights from the market and shape the roadmap
Demonstratesell value to key stakeholders within the accounts during complex sales cycles
Exceed activity, pipeline, and revenue goals on a quarterly basis
Track all opportunity and customer details including use case, purchase time frames, next steps, and forecasting in the CRM.  
Partner with customer success to ensure high satisfaction within all accounts.

You would be a good fit if you:

Have a proven track record working in high-touch enterprise segments with B2B enterprise software products
Bachelors degree
5 years of software selling experience; SaaS experience preferred
Start-up experience is a must!
Experience selling a deeply technical solution, and positioning the commercial value, to VP and C level executives
Track record of success selling into mid-market and enterprise companies
Experience managing and closing complex sales-cycles using solution selling techniques
Experience selling to heavy industry (mining, oil  gas, agriculture, manufacturing) a plus
Interest in solving climate change a must! 
Validated quota achiever (top 10 in your company)
Strong interpersonal and presentation skills
Outstanding verbal and written communication skills.
Willingness to travel

What we require from applicants

Right to work in the UK and willingness to come to the Camden, London office 2 days a week
A passion for environmental issues
A demonstrated interest in building products and collaborating tightly with engineers
The grit and energy to work in an early stage startup

What were offering 

Competitive salary  generous equity package
Flexible working hours - we encourage regular breaks and being AFK (away from keyboard) to support your wellbeing
2,000 annual development allowance for you to spend on developing your current skills and learning new things
Tech equipment of your choice
Regular social activities
26 days of annual leave

Were striving to build a diverse team and we would love to hear from applicants from backgrounds less frequently represented in technology, be that in terms of gender, race, or professional background.If you think your skills and experience match what were looking for and youd like to join a Carbon Tech industry unicorn, please get in touch!
 