Do you want to work on the most pressing problem of our generation? 
Were building the infrastructure for the net zero transition, and were looking for brilliant builders who want to help define a low carbon future.
Decarbonizing the economy requires a granular, real-time view of where emissions come from and how they might be reduced. We build software to automate the carbon footprinting of supply chains. Banks, traders, and manufacturers use our product to tame the complexity of international supply networks, identify the most carbon-intensive parts, and find greener alternatives. Having developed technology which is significant in advance of competitive solutions, we are now investing heavily in market adoption.You can find out more about interviewing at CarbonChain at https:www.carbonchain.comcareersinterview-process.Do you want to work on the most pressing problem of our generation? 
Were building the infrastructure for the net zero transition, and were looking for brilliant builders who want to help define a low carbon future.
Decarbonizing the economy requires a granular, real-time view of where emissions come from and how they might be reduced. We build software to automate the carbon footprinting of supply chains. Banks, traders, and manufacturers use our product to tame the complexity of international supply networks, identify the most carbon-intensive parts, and find greener alternatives. Having developed technology which is significant in advance of competitive solutions, we are now investing heavily in market adoption.You can find out more about interviewing at CarbonChain at https:www.carbonchain.comcareersinterview-process.
Working at CarbonChain
To join CarbonChain, youll be a keen team player who loves to learn from others. Our company is made up of passionate people with expertise ranging from oil refining to deep learning. Between us weve run Amazons European supply chain, built JustEats corporate meal delivery platform, and monitored industrial emissions with satellites for Al Gore. Weve got MBAs and PhDs but we know that theres a lot we dont know, and were hoping you can help fill that gap.
We encourage every member of our team to be the best they can be, whether thats developing skills through their learning budget or participating in reading groups. Our work requires everybody to straddle the physical and digital worlds, and a growth mindset is essential.
Youll be working closely with the technologists who develop our product, bringing back insights from the market into what customers and users want. Your feedback will help shape the roadmap, and youll be supported by a crack team that loves to ship quickly and get products into customers hands.
The role
CarbonChain is looking for a Business Development Representative for our London HQ, who will be responsible for growing our revenue pipeline, iterating and updating our prospecting strategy and supporting the sales team in achieving the companys ambitious target. 
This position is for someone who has the flexibility to handle an ambiguous and rapidly changing environment, ramp up very fast on the technology and the market, and help direct the companys efforts given your regular contact with prospects.
We need a driven Business Development Representative who has a proven Software-as-a-Service experience, a successful track record of executing a lead generation strategy and managing early interactions with prospects, and the experience of working in a start-up. Experience in the sustainabilityclimate tech industry is a plus, but not required.
What will you be responsible for at Carbon Chain?

Collaborate with Account Executives, Marketing and Sales Leadership to identify key targets as well as new business sectors to target and align on prospecting strategy.
Conduct market research and segmentation to uncover needs and behaviours, prioritise promotion channels, narratives and resources to leverage in close collaboration with the marketing lead within each industry vertical or business segment.
Build and launch high impact and multi-touch campaigns (e.g. create list of target accounts and leads, execute the outreach strategy incl. emailing sequences, social media follow-ups, online channels etc.)
Qualify leads both through outbound and inbound and gather information about prospects business objectives, needs, key stakeholders, budgets and timelines
Set up qualification calls andor demonstrations for Account Executives once a lead has been qualified and a checklist has been completed
Track all opportunities and customer details in the CRM with the objective of providing data driven insights on campaigns performance, adhering to highest standards of data quality and accuracy
Facilitate a positive, customer-obsessed experience throughout all team and customer collaborations.
Stay apprised of new information relating to industry trends and customer pain points
Become an expert on decarbonization and the challenges we can help our clients overcome on their journey to Net Zero

You would be a good fit if you have:

A proven track-record of organising weekly campaigns and meeting prospecting targets.
Experienced building data-driven narratives that are relevant and engaging to new prospects,
Bachelors degree
At least 1-2 years of experience in B2B sales development - SaaS experience preferred, e.g. carbon accounting or supply chain software management
A good understanding of social media tools like LinkedIn, Sales Navigator or Twitter
Comfort in quota carrying, pipeline generating role
Start-up experience, ideally in heavy industry (mining, oil  gas, agriculture, manufacturing)
Interest in solving climate change is a must!
Be a highly driven team player, comfortable working in a fast paced environment
Have a strategic mindset and strong attention to detail
Strong interpersonal and presentation skills
Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
Willingness to travel if needed

What we require from applicants

Right to work in the UK and willingness to come to the London office 2 days a week
A passion for environmental issues
A demonstrated interest in building products and collaborating tightly with other teams (data scientists, product managers, engineers etc.)
The grit and energy to work in an early stage startup

What were offering

Competitive salary  generous equity package
Flexible working hours - we encourage regular breaks and being AFK (away from keyboard) to support your wellbeing
2,000 annual development allowance for you to spend on developing your current skills and learning new things
Tech equipment of your choice
Regular social activities
26 days of annual leave

Were striving to build a diverse team and we would love to hear from applicants from backgrounds less frequently represented in technology, be that in terms of gender, race, or professional background.
If you think your skills and experience match what were looking for and youd like to join a Carbon Tech industry unicorn, please get in touch!If you think your skills and experience match what were looking for and youd like to join a Carbon Tech industry unicorn, please get in touch!
 