Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role
The Key Account Manager drives (profitable) GMV from the existing seller portfolio. In addition to Account Manager responsibilities, you are qualified as a specialist in tailoring the approach and solutions to different types of art sellers. You also work closely with experts to accelerate (profitable) growth (eg. through maximising the sellers understanding of Catawikis quality guidelines and by managing commercial deals). The Key Account manager is a member of the Supercluster Sales team and reports into the Sales Manager and Sales Director.
Art Sales Team
They excel at building strong relationships, take ownership in leading projects and are regularly catching up as a team, and on an individual basis to tackle challenging leads or to align on the overall sales strategy. Besides the immediate team, they will share and approach leads with our Experts, and work on managing large accounts with our Customer Experience team.
What youll do
Main responsibilities of an Account Manager plus the following:

You develop deep knowledge of sellers needs.
You collect market trends to drive (profitable) growth, ensuring these are disseminated across your peers in Sales  Categories.
You educate existing sellers towards fulfilling KPIs (e.g. reserve price optimisation, quality guidelines).
You are responsible for establishing medium and long term strategic growth plans for your assigned sellers in Iberia in alignment with the Category Manager andor Sales Director.
You present on a regular basis the progress of your accounts to senior management and peers.
You work proactively with experts to accelerate (profitable) growth (e.g. through maximising your assigned sellers understanding of Catawikis quality guidelines and by managing commercial deals).
You coach and mentor (junior) Account Managers
You build lasting relationships with your assigned sellers through phone calls, face to face meetings, email and fairs in order to grow their business.
You conduct regular business reviews by defining frequency depending on the potential or size of the seller and have a thorough understanding of the commercial processes, main KPIs and are able to translate this into relevant data and actions.
You build long term commercial plans with your sellers and use incentive programs to improve their performance.
You educate sellers in driving a positive Customer Experience to buyers.
You translate new opportunities into commercial actions for sellers.

What youll bring

Communication, excel at communicating in person, over the phone, via email, and across teams.
Company and seller expertise, nurture strategic relationships with top sellers
Strategic perspective
Skilled negotiation
Value-based selling
Autonomous and organised
A passion for the art industry or maybe have a collection yourself so that you are able to understand the language of our sellers;
Open to travel on a regular basis in France to meet your top French sellers
You are based in or close to Paris
Excellent communication skills in French and English, working internally in English and externally in French.
A MasterBachelors degree with sales experience. Your degree is Commercial, Economics, or Sales related.
Capable of using google tools (sheet, slides) and data, we are a data-driven company.
Capable of using sales Hubspot is a plus.
Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.