Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role
The Channel Experience Lead will be a part of the CX organisation within Catawiki. The Channel Experience Lead uses their customer obsessed mindset, project management skills, and product mindset to improve customer experience and build an omnichannel  support strategy for Catawikis users. You have frequent contact and collaborate with internal stakeholders such as the Tooling and Enablement Lead, Continuous Improvement Lead, and UX Design Lead, while being an advocate of the customer. You provide regular status reports to track project progress against goals, objectives, and timelines, handling multiple projects and tasks in parallel.
What youll do
Channel strategy:

Analyse customer channel preferences and channel performance across key metrics 
Implement sustainable improvements in the channel strategy with the end goal to delight our customers
Develop future strategy for channels including self service, chat, chatbot, phone strategy, and generative AI
Identify potentials for new improvements and create actionable improvement proposals
Support implementation of channel strategy including AB experimentation, root cause identification, and implementing solutions
Work closely with the product team to identify areas of further development of new channels 
Provide improvement recommendations that are based on best practices and industry standards, continuously monitor the new trends to inform current decisions

Project Management:

Plan  execute new projects in line with company strategy
Analyse results of current and future projects and report back
You take care of our project and action management platform to provide structure, clarity and clear ownership of responsibilities
You develop project scopes and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders, and ensuring feasibility
You coordinate internal resources for the flawless execution of projects within the allocated time frame.
Guide your stakeholders in defining and delivering clear requirements.
Delegate and monitor a range of tasks and requirements to a variety of internal teams.
Ensure consistency and quality of projects and use a data-driven approach leading to the identification of clear problem statements and the implementation of potential solutions.

What youll bring

5 years experience within a customer support environment, product operations, support channel strategy implementation
Strong experience in customer journey mapping, agile iterative development, AB experimentation
A strategic and analytical mindset
An excellent communicator with top-notch presentation skills
Dynamic thinking and problem-solving abilities
Confidence in your abilities to lead organisational change
Excellent organisational skills and ability to meet tight deadlines
Detail-oriented, proactive and hands-on mentality
Product mindset will be a plus
Prior experience with AWS Connect will be an added advantage
Based in Portugal or The Netherlands

 Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.