Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.How we work
As the biggest marketplace for special items, Catawiki operates in a domain which brings plenty  of unusual challenges and opportunities. You will be developing, testing and scaling our microservices, mostly written in Ruby, to handle the high volume of requests served by the platform every single day. We do this by using Infrastructure as Code principles, collaborative peer-reviews, Continuous Delivery, AB testing every assumption and using the observability and monitoring tools already in place. We make mistakes and learn valuable lessons from them. Our focus is to be able to recover and iterate quickly.
What youll do   
Here at Catawiki, you will make an impact by improving and delivering product innovations for the Catawiki platform. Along with other members of the Development team, you will build scalable microservices while measuring and monitoring system performance. In addition, you will use experimentation, backed by data analysis, to add product features and deliver the best user experience on the platform.
What youll bring 
As a Staff Engineer you have a proven track record on influencing and guiding the development of the Back-End tech stack in your company. You have often operated outside of the boundaries of your team, and can give many examples on your effectiveness doing so. With Catawiki you will continue to do so.
With your extensive software engineering knowledge, you like to cooperate with engineers throughout the company, regularly focusing on cross-cutting business features, or just to help out your colleagues. You also provide guidance on a platform and company wide architectural level. Apart from this you have coached multiple engineers over the years, for longer periods of time, and you will apply your coaching skills in Catawiki to help your fellow engineers grow in the best possible way. 
Last but not least you have often (co-)created opportunity proposals and RFCs. You feel at home when you need to describe problems, opportunities, pros and cons of solution alternatives, and tying these to technical solution proposals, regularly comparing new techniques to proven existing techniques. You feel comfortable discussing your proposals with Product Managers, UX-designers and multiple Tech teams. As a passionate engineer, you bring these values to Catawiki:

You are a passionate experienced engineer with a strong eye for detail.
You strive to be a great team player and dont shy away from new challenges.
You are comfortable in a scale environment and are ready to jump in and help if needed.
You keep the companys values close to your heart and enjoy being in a diverse environment.

We look for engineers who are motivated to learn new things, ship new features, and pursue new and interesting challenges. Our stack is mainly focused around Ruby. However, if youre passionate about learning new things then prior experience with Ruby is not essential - we are used to onboarding engineers with a different programming language background. Next to this:

You have experience in designing, implementing and deploying backend services with a focus on high availability, low latency, and consistency.
You have proven experience of collaborating closely with other engineers to become a valued member of an autonomous, cross-functional team.
You understand the value that you can add to the business, the product and the impact of your work on customers.

Where youll be
This role is based in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. We also offer an excellent relocation package for people living outside of the Netherlands.
About your team
Youll be joining the Trust and Support team that focuses on building solutions for:

Fraud and risk topics: Working closely with the data science machine learning team to improve trust and safety on our platform for both buyers and sellers.
Prevention and support: helping our customers by anticipating and resolving any issues they may come across from late deliveries to damaged objects. We work with best in class third party providers, AI models and our customer support team to help improve the experience of our buyers and sellers.
Outside office hours, we enjoy planning team outings and were particularly enthusiastic about discovering new, delightful food places.
Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.