Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role:
The Customer Experience Operations Directors ultimate goal is to oversee the day to day customer service operations, ensure results are met and deliver outstanding customer service. You will have the opportunity to define and build the Operations support model, setting a vision, strategy and driving clear alignment with other functions and teams on responsibilities. Moreover, the Customer Experience Operations Director partners closely with the Customer Experience leadership team to help shape the future direction. You will report directly to the VP of Customer Experience and work closely with the commercial Teams.
What you will do: 

Represent the voice of the customer across the business, working cross-functionally to ensure best practices and customer experience is at the forefront,
Build and measure an operational management team to heighten performance, by implementing clear, accountable performance scopes,
Strategically lead, inspire and develop a senior operational management team to enhance performance by setting clear accountable performance measures,
Provide leadership to a customer experience operations team. You will identify and provide feedback through 1:1s, put effective personal development plans in place and provide coaching  development opportunities,
Create a culture and processes which achieve the business goals and objectives with regards to customer service,
Use Customer Insight and Root Cause Analytics to identify areas of improvements ,
Drive CSAT improvements and customer delight initiatives by implementing new ways of working,
Empower and Engage the Customer Experience Team,
Identify new tools and technologies to better serve the customer,
Drive cross functional projects with Commercial and Operations. Work effectively with all peers - Commercial, Finance, Marketing, Operations and HR  customer improvements

Who you are:

Minimum 5 years of experiences managing international operational customer service teams both inhouse and outsourced, ideally in B2B, B2C, Marketplace, Retail, Traveling
You are experienced in and excited by the prospect of joining an international, fast-moving, scale-up environment
You have up to 10 years of experiences overall in the customer service field
Hands-on experience in driving change management in a matrix environment
Demonstrable experienced of managing all activities associated with incoming customer service operations, including developing and implementing policies and procedures, ensure continuous improvement of processes, systems, and communications etc.
You are a Data savvy customer champion, capable of enhancing the customer experience through using data to drive decision making. You are able to identify and drive improvements in key CX KPIs
Able to motivate and communicate with stakeholders at all levels
Possesses strong planning, organizational and execution skills, collaborative, professionalism, and initiative while handling multiple projects and programs concurrently,
Ability to adapt and succeed in a changing dynamic environment

Where youll be:
This role is based in Amsterdam, The NetherlandsHeres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.