Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role 
As a People, Growth  Experience Intern, you will be able to gain working experience in the complete field of Facility  Office management. You will have an opportunity to support the facility manager with various projects including sustainability initiatives, promotion of a healthy workplace environment, well-being and more. In addition to this, you will have the opportunity to support the facility manager with our sustainability initiatives and promotion of a healthy workplace environment, and work closely with colleagues from Community and Onboarding by supporting event planning and onboarding of new joiners. 
Meet Virginia, our former People Growth  Experience Intern 
As a People Experience  Growth intern, I had the opportunity to gain valuable practical experience. During my time at Catawiki, I was constantly challenged and encouraged to grow both personally and professionally. I was given the opportunity to work on interesting projects, such as those related to environmental sustainability and employee well-being. All this alongside very talented people who were always willing to share their knowledge and skills with me.
My experience at Catawiki has been wonderful. The companys culture of inclusion, innovation and creativity has made the working environment enjoyable and fulfilling. They turned out to be a company open to cutting-edge projects like the one I conducted for my thesis project. I am grateful for the opportunity to have been part of such an outstanding team and I am sure that the skills and knowledge I gained during my internship will be useful for my future activities.
I highly recommend Catawiki to anyone who wants to start their career and make a significant impact.
 
What you will do  be involved in

Assist in managing the reception desk
Help maintain office cleanliness and organization, including stock management  replenishment, building  maintenance etc.
Assist with organizing and preparing company events and activities 
Support LD department including onboarding of employees
Follow up or service requests from Catawikians
Collaborate with other teams to identify opportunities for sustainability and wellness improvement in the workplace
Help promote sustainability and wellness initiatives through communications, including email, social media and other channels

 
What youll bring

Currently enrolled in the Dutch university, pursuing a degree in Business administration, office management, hospitality, tourism or a related field
Interest in sustainability and commitment to promoting a healthy workplace environment
Excellent social communication and interpersonal skills
Willingness to help and support where needed
Curiosity and an openness to learn new things
Innovative, creative coming up with new ideas and information
Hands on mentality, not reluctant to do simple tasks
Fluent in English

 
Where youll be
This role will be based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
 Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.