Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role
This is an exciting role for an experienced Finance professional who not only wants to crunch numbers but also wants to add value to our business. As a Business Partner you will act as the trusted Finance Business Partner for the Chief Marketing Officer, Chief Product Office and also VP User Experience alongside the broader teams.
At Catawiki, Marketing together with our Product and Tech teams are critical when looking to expand  engage both our new and existing buyer base. You will ideally have experience of working with e-commerce marketing and or product teams to plan marketing spend across multiple channels, categories and geographies, and then to work with them in real time to assess effectiveness and optimise performance.  Together with the Marketing, Product and UX team you will determine where to invest to unlock potential, as well as budget and measure the impact of those investments. 
Due to the continuous growth of the organization, the tasks and duties of this role will evolve over time and you are keen to develop and challenge yourself to take on additional projects and responsibilities as they present themselves.  
At Catawiki, youll be joining a unique and innovative business that continues to disrupt the auction industry. We need you to provide actionable insight and challenge in this fast-paced environment, supporting the business in the execution of the company strategy.  
What youll do

Proactively partner with the VP Marketing, VP Product and VP UX and relevant team Marketing team (as well as the wider business and other Business Partners) to understand their plans, their performance and how best to deliver (and exceed) targets;
Having, and using, a deep understanding of the dynamics between marketing investment, product intiatitves and buyer and seller growth, and the resulting GMV, revenues, Returns on investment, Cost of acquisition and retention and customer lifetime value;
Lead high-quality reporting of performance against targets. Provide analysis and actionable insights to leadership and managers while partnering with them to incorporate insights into plans;
Developing ROI and profitability insights across channels, categories and geographies, monitoring the return on investments against plans, and taking appropriate actions where needed;
Performing analytical deep-dives to analyze performance, identify insights and highlight opportunities with the various marketing channel leaders;
Managing the delivery of quarterly and annual budget and forecasts for marketing, product and UX and engaging the business in the adoption of these models and targets;
Working with the channel teams to make forecasts and plans on how our channel spend plans should develop, by connecting (internal and external) information and data you get about past, current and future performance.

What youll bring

Be professionally qualified (chartered accountant qualification or equivalent, 5yrs post qualified experience) with a strong depth of experience, within an online, subscription or e-commerce environment;
Proven stakeholder management skills with a successful track record of partnering with the business at all levels across the organisation, operating with integrity and humility; 
Excellent influencing  people skills; able to work across stakeholders of all levels to achieve objectives,  quick to build strong working relationships;
You are a connector  between Finance, Marketing, Product  UX teams, who helps the business understand the need for financial control, and helps Finance understand the need for commerciality, explaining complex financialcommercial concepts in simple terms;
Have the ability to think creatively, where there is not an obvious or right answer and be comfortable with ambiguity; 
Are comfortable prioritising multiple and changing workstreams;
Are persistent  self-reliant, can be relied on to find a way through when set a challenging goal, and able to see solutions instead of hurdles;
You are intellectually curious with an analytical mindset, as well as a genuine enjoyment of people, able to carry out robust analysis, but underpins data with a strong collaborative approach;
Are energetic  driving, quick to respond  can work well under tight deadlines
Have an ability to balance working in the detail with bigger picture, taking full accountability for tasks and ensures finished work is robust  insightful;
Have excellent business modeling  advanced spreadsheet skills, with significant experience in forecasting and creating and working with driver based models;
You are comfortable with ambiguity and a dynamically changing environment, where progress is more important than perfection;
Fluent in English, both written and verbally.

Where youll be
This role will be based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.