Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role
Catawikis Commercial organisation is growing in size and complexity and, in order to support ambitious growth, we are building our Commercial Enablement team. This teams core responsibility is to ensure that our Commercial teams (350 Sales and Experts) have access to the right set of tools and processes, to grow and optimally curate our supply of special objects, at scale. The team comprises a number of project managers and one Sales Enablement Trainer, Commercial Operations.
As the Sales Enablement Trainer, Commercial Operations within Commercial Enablement, you are responsible for ensuring that our Commercial teams are properly onboarded on our tools and processes upon joining Catawiki. You are also responsible for driving consistency and upskilling across our Commercial teams on an ongoing basis. This entails core training across a wide range of stakeholders and areas. Your role will include, but not limited to:

Ensuring Sales teams consistently use our Sales CRM and sales dashboards to grow our business and identify opportunities across sellers and prospects; empowering our experts teams to leverage our curation tool to curate optimally and at scale;
Ensuring Category leaders are familiar with our go-to-market planning and annual cadence of work.

Catawiki is a fast growing organisation, and changes to our product and internal ways of working are very much part of the game. You manage to stay on top of these changes and integrate them into the existing training curriculum and develop new training materials as needed. In doing so you work closely with the wider Commercial Enablement team to make sure that training materials are updated and ensure all new and current Commercial employees are updated on these changes, ensuring consistent adoption department-wide
Reporting to the Head of Commercial Enablement you will work cross functionally with various teams, such as Product and Commercial Leadership to ensure the best training can be provided.
What will you do? 

Build and maintain accurate and comprehensive training materials
Deliver high quality trainings around these tools and processes to new and existing employees - actively working towards consistency and upskilling of our Commercial teams
Work with Commercial Enablement project managers as well as Commercial Leadership to identify training gaps impacting business, and deliver actions to resolve
Be able to quantify training impacts from new or improved tools and processes being delivered (either from Commercial Enablement or from our Tech organisation)
Identify tools and processes to support the retention of knowledge following training delivery
Support in improving efficiencies through staff KPIs and improved knowledge
Design and own the calendar of trainings for our Commercial teams, accounting for business cadence and company-wide calendars
Be a change champion, providing a positive influence to ensure change initiatives are supported and embedded into daily ways of working

Required qualifications:

Experience and proven success in design and delivery of operations enablement programs in a commercial, global environment. Proven experience in identifying training requirements, building training material and delivery.
Excellent training delivery and facilitation skills, with experience delivering to international groups and using a variety of delivery methods and platforms.
Self-driven, highly motivated, demonstrates initiative and is proactive in their approach to the business.
Performance driven attitude with strong personal accountability for results.
Operations-focused and commercially oriented with outstanding critical thinking and communication skills.
A strong ability to communicate persuasively, credibly, and authentically (both verbal and written).
Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.