Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.What youll do
As a Intern, you will be an important part of the Catawiki Compliance team, which is part of the legal team, led by the Sr. Director Legal  Risk. Youll work closely with the Compliance Lead Counsel and the Compliance Risk Specialist. 
Youll support the international business in its ambitious growth targets. You are passionate about providing support to legal counsels at the best possible level. As you will be involved in a wide range of compliance projects, this role will give you the opportunity to see, practice, and learn a lot. No day is like the other: the work is varied, the business is dynamic, so each day is a new challenge!
This is a role for a traineeship with a fixed term of 6 months in which you will get the opportunity to growth and support the compliance team and as such you know how to relate to people in a variety of situations because you are a team player, highly trustworthy, discrete, pragmatic and make use of your good judgement. Within and outside your circle of influence you are expected to proactively come up with solutions, plans, and ideas that enable the legal team to achieve its ambitious goals.
Your Results and Responsibilities
 

Monitor regulatory updates in the compliance area, such as: anti-money laundering, sanctions, bribery and corruption, CITES, whistleblowing procedure, product specific regulations or policies, etc. 
Drafting internal memos on specific relevant legal, regulatory or compliance topics
Reviewing and addressing legalcompliance questions raised by other departments 
Prepare simple training materials and legalcompliance guidelines for our business stakeholders, with support of the legal counsels

Requirements

This is a traineeship with a non-negotiable minimum duration of 6 months
Certification or associates degree in law (bachelors degree is preferred), or final stage
Knowledge of - or interest in - Compliance and Ethics matters, such as anti-money laundering, whistleblowing procedure, sanctions
Experience in preparing and reviewing legal documents
Eye for detail and high standards of accuracy 
Easy going, in possession of a can-do attitude; your desire to work hard and be flexible
Team player
Strong organisational and communication skills
Ability to clearly explain legal concepts to internal stakeholders without a legal background
Proficiency in Dutch and Fluency in English are required

Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to become part of a fast but sustainable growing tech company! You will have an exciting role in a young, fast-growing, dynamic  international organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly motivated team of 800 international Catawikians; youll have big responsibilities and can really create something. Additionally, you can expect:

Working with a top notch team acting on a champions league level in a super complex dynamic environment; you will learn a lot!
A diverse and international team with over 50 different nationalities.
A great office located in the heart of Amsterdam with an easy-going atmosphere.
Our entrepreneurial environment encourages everyone to take initiative and experiment with new ideas. Youll actively contribute to the growth of the Catawiki platform.
The fun part! Our Activity Committee plans everything from CataFooty to International Food Festivals, Friday Drinks, Board Game Nights, Pub Quizzes and Boot Camps!

Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.