Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role and team
As a TribalAfrican Art  Objects Expert, you will be closely involved with evaluating and curating the objects submitted by our Sellers.  You will review lot titles, descriptions, and pictures, and provide users with an estimated value based on this information.
Using your expert knowledge and your extensive network, you will be responsible for creating attractive auctions every week. Catawiki strives to keep user transactions as transparent and fair as possible, and your expertise and experience play a large part in maintaining this standard; you know better than anyone what items are of interest to our users. 
We therefore expect you to create your own auctions by engaging with Catawikis Sellers and by working with our Sales teams to attract new Sellers and offer even more choice to our Buyers. You will also be present on the field, attending Art  Antiques events or visiting promising galleries, collectors and artists throughout the year in Europe.
Finally, youll also be working together with our Marketing department to be a Tribal Art evangelist, within and outside of Catawiki. You will be involved in the Marketing plan designed to promote the auctions of the Catawiki Art department.
Who you are 

A true expert in Tribal objectsArt (focussing on African), with broad knowledge of objects destined for our collectors audience as well as a keen eye for contemporary African Artobjects to inspire our young collectors and passionate enthusiasts.
A generalist profile with a broad interest in Tribal ArtObjects and how to curate these pieces to appeal to a wide audience.
You have an extensive network of dealersbuyers
Documented commercial experience and comfortable with price negotiations;
You are a natural team player and thrive in a diverse team environment
Quick learner, comfortable with a fast paced work environment and adaptability to changing businessprofile needs
Excellent English communication
Excellent computer skills necessary. Google sheets  slides used regularly
An affinity for numbers and analyzing auction results is a plus!

Where youll be 
The role is based in from any country where Catawiki has a legal entity on a work-from-home arrangement. The countries available are the Netherlands, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Spain, the United Kingdom and Lisbon.Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.