Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role
As the manager for the brand new Social Operations Response Team (SoRT), your main goal is to oversee the day to day operations of the team and ensure that key results are met to deliver outstanding customer service on Catawikis social media platforms. You will have the opportunity to build the team ground up and define the Operations support model together with the brand marketing and design teams in Catawiki. You will have the opportunity to set the vision, strategy, and to drive clear alignment with other functions on what success for the SoRT team would look like.
What youll do
Operations Management

Build and manage a  team of high performing social media specialists who engage with our customers on platforms such as Trustpilot, Facebook, Instagram etc
Manage the day to day operations of the team to ensure key metrics such as SLA, CSAT are achieving their targets
Partner with CX leadership team to build social media specific policies, processes, and escalations frameworks
Define and implement processes for edge cases, viral threads, and executive escalations to mitigate brand risk and provide the highest level of customer service
Ensure consistent quality and tone of voice for Catawikis audience on social media
Build and implement programs to delight our customers and turn our most frustrated users into advocates
Identify new tools and technologies to better serve the customer
Use Customer Insights and Root Cause Analytics to identify areas of improvements
Keep track of the latest industrys developments and know how to apply best practices to areas of improvement

Stakeholder Management

Work with cross functional teams such as brand marketing, and CRM to ensure that SoRT has visibility on upcoming events and marketing campaigns
Work with CX stakeholders such as WFM to ensure forecasting and planning are in line with the marketing events
Partner with cross functional teams to drive consistent positive Brand sentiment, tone of voice, and excellent support on social media platforms

What youll bring

Excellent knowledge of social media community and platform best practices
Experiences within a customer support or strategy and operations
Strong experiences in building and managing high performing teams
Excellent stakeholder management and communication
Ability to effectively use a variety of social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter and Trustpilot
Ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment

Where youll be
This role is based in Lisbon, Portugal.Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.