Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.How youll make an impact
The Supply vertical in Catawiki is the linchpin of the marketplace. Catawiki is known for the exceptional and rare objects sold to passionate buyers worldwide. The Seller Growth  retention team help sellers sell their special items and be successful on Catawiki. This involves driving growth, optimizing their experience, and assisting large professional sellers to gain efficiency. 
In this role you will work in Seller Growth  Retention Team within the Supply vertical to:

Understand and identify user behaviors and needs through research and analysis, working closely with UX Design, commercial operations and sales.
Define and drive a product North Star that aligns with broader organizational strategies and shapes clear path how we deliver that 
Take full ownership of the product, the roadmap and key seller funnel metrics 
Define metrics and KPIs to measure the success of the features your team builds 
Create rollout strategies, documentation, and training to maximize value for your users
Manage and work closely with your stakeholders to identify the best opportunities and problems to solve, and subsequently get everyone aligned for fast implementation.

Who you are

5 years of product management experience working directly with engineers, designers and data scientists
Experience working with multiple senior stakeholders, natural collaboration skills and ability to communicate in a clear and concise way
A strong belief in customer-centric product development and data-driven approach
Energy, a commercial focus, and a sense of urgency to everything you touch; youre a self-motivated and results-driven person who is not afraid to get their hands dirty to solve a problem
You are excited about building products in a rapidly changing landscape and execute with speed  bias towards action 
Bonus: experience in online marketplaces

If you dont meet all the criteria and youre passionate about the opportunity we still encourage you to apply. Were committed to carefully reviewing and considering all applications.Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.