Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role
As a Legal Intern, you will be an important part of the Catawiki  legal team and as such support the international business in its ambitious growth targets. You are passionate about providing support to legal counsels at the best possible level. As you will be involved in a very wide range of legal projects, this role will give you the opportunity to see, practice, and learn a lot. No day is like the other - The work is varied, the business is dynamic, so each day is a new challenge!
This position is an Internship with a fixed term of 6 months in which you will get the opportunity to grow and help a wide range of people and as such you know how to relate to people in a variety of situations because you are a team player, highly trustworthy, discrete, pragmatic and make use of your good judgement. 
Within and outside your circle of influence you are expected to proactively come up with solutions, plans, and ideas  that enable the legal team to achieve its ambitious goals.

Results and Responsibilities

Creating and maintaining a case management system 
Support in the implementation of the contract management system and any other legal or compliance tooling
Drafting internal memos on specific relevant legal, regulatory or compliance topics
Monitoring and reporting on several legal dashboard(s)
Reviewing and addressing legal questions raised by other departments 
Taking notes during regular project meetings and sharing them afterwards, keeping track of deadlines and deliverables
Prepare simple training materials and legal guidelines for our business stakeholders, with support of the legal counsels
Keep actual the Legal Teams page on the Intranet and Knowledge Hub, including links to templates, guidelines, dos  donts; and actualize current content in alignment with the legal counsels

Tasks and Activities

Support the legal counsels in their daily tasks
Dealing with the review of standard agreement such as NDAs, commercial contracts
Contract and litigation administration management
Ensure further professionalism of the department by inventorying, implementing and optimizing tools, documents and processes
Understand improvement needs and provide support to team members
Communicate expectations to your team and provide timely updates
You are actively seeking and driving collaboration with other teams and other departments
You are proactively liaising with (international) stakeholders and colleagues at Catawiki
Support corporate housekeeping by coordinating that documents are duly signed, apostilled and notarized in a timely manner
Compilation and implementation of a wide variety of legal documents and agreements
Provide assistance in helping to resolve legal matters as requested

Requirements

This is an internship with a minimum duration of 6 months
Currently enrolled in a Dutch University studying Law (LLM)
Tech savy
Experience in preparing and reviewing legal documents
Can do and hands on mentality
Team player
Strong organizational and communication skills
Fluency in English, Proficiency in Dutch (and any other language) is a plus

 Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.