Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.

About the role
The Category Manager is responsible for the design and execution of the category strategy. You are the leader of a business within Collectables, and responsible for its growth and profitability - leveraging your team of experts, departments around you (including marketing and customer success), and commercial strategies to achieve success. 
The goal of the Category manager is to increase the sales and profitability of the category by driving sustainable growth that fits within the Catawikis value proposition, while having PL responsibility. You will need to bring your commercial acumen, and ability to work together with others towards success.
You ensure a constant flow of quality supply through the management of high potential leads and sellers. You work closely with the sales team and your experts to bring in leads, convert them into new high potential sellers, onboard them, and ensure their continued success as customers.
The Category Manager manages an international team of Experts and designs budget and headcount decisions for the category. They facilitate and ensure close collaboration between the category and supporting teams.
What youll do

Overseeing a significant category (based on size, complexity, growth opportunity and or team set up) through a high level of senior leadership
Creating and developing a strategic long term plan for the development of the category in accordance with the Supercluster strategy as set by the Vice President
Analysing data and insights related to demand, supply, quality, productivity and customer experience, in order to improve sustainable growth
Setting the quarterly auction planning by proactively managing supply  demand cycles
Accountability for the category PL
Quality management and curation consistency and efficiency amongst the Experts base
Securing the development of an international team of Experts
Ensuring the category proposition to its buyers and sellers is in line with Catawikis overall value proposition
Ensuring customer centricity within the Customer Journey
Developing strong working relationships with key sellers and buyers
Aligning the strategy across departments and enhancing collaboration amongst the different teams
Analysing and benchmarking key competitors, having an understanding of the drivers and trends in the market

What youll bring to the role

Minimum 5-10 years experience leading a category, setting up the strategy and being able to translate it into actionable KPIs. 
Experience with Supply  Demand planning cycles
Commercial procedures and negotiation strategies aimed at optimising inventories and maximising the category growth
Managing a large team of people, ensuring smooth running of weekly operations - managing teams remotely is a must have
Working in a target-driven environment, motivating teams while ensuring quality standards are met at all times
Collaborative approach with other teams and excellent communication and presentation skills


Where youll be
This role can be based in The Netherlands, France, Germany, Italy, Belgium, or Spain with a work from home arrangement. 

Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.