Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.How youll make an impact
At Catawiki, we know our users experience is built by the entire journey; from initial brand perception all the way through to selling  buying, paying  shipping, and service  support. 
Our team is looking for a UX research intern starting full-time on January 2024. You will work in a small UX research team that works across the business, helping designers, engineers and product managers (among others) understand how to delight our users and how to make their experience as unique and memorable as the objects themselves. In this role, you will assist our UX Researcher in designing and executing the research we need to understand our users behaviour, motivations, and pain points - and in doing so learn by doing about how to design, conduct and analyse research. Youll also own helping us capitalise on the research weve already done, by better organising and publicising it. 
Throughout the internship period, you will be a part of the wider UX team consisting of researchers, designers and writers - who work to implement user-centric design and help the entire organization become more customer centric. You will learn about how to gain insights through qualitative methods and create recommendations following quantitative validation. And at the end of your internship, you will have directly and indirectly helped shape our users experience through an understanding on how to make it more useful, more usable, and more desirable.
If you can bring some knowledge of, but mainly an interest in learning about, primary research methods (surveys, diary studies, interviews, usability tests) as well as secondary  expert methods (such as cognitive walkthroughs and desk research), we encourage you to apply!
What youll do

Support our UX Researcher with designing and running different user research projects - from qualitative in-depth interviews to quantitative surveys to everything in between (no two projects are alike!)
Get hands-on in planning, recruitment, facilitation and stimulus creation for research needs 
Work closely with our trusted research partners to get projects up and running
Analyse research findings and help the UX Researcher to communicate these to stakeholders to inform business and product decisions
Organise and catalogue our existing research to draw out new insights and get them seen by the right people, at the right time
Learn how to gain insights through qualitative methods and create recommendations following quantitative validation.

What youll bring

A strong passion for being the users advocate, putting their needs first.
A strong interest in, and understanding of, how user research can have a lasting impact on product and design decisions.
You are and will be enrolled in a Dutch university throughout the internship period.  
You are studying BachelorsMasters degree in psychology, behavioural sciences, human-computer interaction (HCI), industrial design, or equivalent discipline 
Some previous experience with qualitative andor quantitative research (e.g. thesisdissertation, previous work experience)
You are available full-time starting January 2024

Meet Sander, our Vice President of UX
I joined Catawiki in 2019, as I was fascinated by the incredibly diverse range of special objects on offer. On a daily basis, we work with millions of buyers, thousands of sellers and hundreds of experts  across a wide range of categories. In other words: no two days are the same. To solve our interesting challenges, weve gathered a world class team  quite literally. Our researchers, designers and writers come from five different continents. In collaboration with product managers, engineers, data scientists and others, we strive to create the best possible user experience that delight our customers every step of the way.Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.