Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role
The CX Coaching Specialist is motivated, enthusiastic, and customer oriented. We are passionate about people and performance excellence and put our customers at the centre of everything we do. The coaching specialist is committed to providing in-depth coaching to instil tool and process training concepts within the CX Ops teams. The CX Coach uses their knowledge of quality within a customer contact centre to guide CX specialists towards behaviours to increase customer satisfaction and enliven the voice of the customer. 
The CX Coach is responsible for extending new hire training into practice via the creation and maintenance of 1:1 coaching system. They are experts in the CX processes and ways of working and they coach to ensure alignment, consistency, and high quality of interactions. The Coaching Specialist is an important part of the CX innovation cycle, supporting adoption of improvements and collecting feedback for iteration. 
The CX Coach is an integral part of the feedback cycle and understands that being open underpin our collaboration efforts to move in sync as a team.  Working closely with CX Training Specialists to extend training into 1:1 and real world scenarios.
What youll do

A natural communicator with the ability to engage individuals and small groups 
Conducts audits and reviewsanalyzes data and documentation
Interact with the Knowledge and Improvement Systems to inform coaching activities
1:1 coaching with CX Specialists and Sr. CX Specialist to address gaps in knowledge, tone  professionalism, process adherence, tooling usage ect.
 Extends training via small group or 1:1 sessions to practice skills and knowledge
Provides meaningful and actionable feedback and is able to assist CX Specialists to create associated improvement goals. 
Use your knowledge of best practice and ways of working to audit interactions against targets and processes and determine suitable approaches to improve.
Act as a back up for the CX training  Development Specialists when required.

Requirements:

Experience in coaching and training individuals or groups would be an asset
Highly goal oriented and results driven to ensure meeting department goals
Customer service experience is essential
Must possess the ability to be flexible and work accurately with numbers and data in a very fast paced, productivity-oriented environment.
Ability to travel to Catawikis offices in the Netherlands when required. 
Excellent problem analysis and problem-solving skills
Strong organisational and time management skills
Basic data analysis skills (ability to interpret data in different formats)
Experience working in a tech. Start up or scale up environment
Comfortable and effective in communicating and presenting to varying group sizes, from 1:1s to larger groups of 50, both virtually and live in person. 
Creative ability  writingspeaking proficiency in English (Near native). Any other European language is an asset. Comfort and confidence working in English is essential.

 Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.