Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role and team
We are looking for an enthusiastic QA to join Curation team in Supply vertical. Curation team is responsible for maintaining the set of tools which are used by Catawiki experts for evaluating the lots submitted by sellers, and also compiling exciting auctions for buyers.
What youll do 

You will work closely with the team of developers, designer and product manager, providing Quality Assurance in order to achieve success. 
You will be responsible for analyzing functional requirements, testing business features and preparing test strategies.
You will ensure the effectiveness of testing and the quality of product through automating repetitive scenarios.


You will strive for continuous QA processes improvement and adopting best practices.
With your experience you will guide the team of developers towards improving their abilities to test their own code.

Who you are 
You are a passionate experienced software test engineer with a strong eye for detail. You strive to be a great team player and dont shy away from new challenges. You are comfortable in a scale-up environment and are ready to jump in and help if needed.
Next to this,

you have 5 years of experience as software test engineer
proven experience in testing web and mobile applications with complex user interfaces
proven experience in automating test scenarios for web applications
good knowledge and understanding of SQL, HTML, CSS, Java or other programming languages
strong knowledge of software testing methodologies, tools and processes
problem solving, analytical and troubleshooting skills

In addition to this its great if you have an experience 

in automating test scenarios for mobile applications
in testing high traffic websites, performance testing
experience with Espresso framework, Kotlin, XCUI and Swift
experience with AB testing

 Where youll be 
This role is based in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. We also offer an excellent relocation package for people living outside of the Netherlands.Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.