Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role
The People Operations  Reward Team is the foundation of our People function, with strong, robust and efficient operations and with an evolving reward approach we create a meaningful employee experience. To support our growth we are looking for an (International) Comp  Ben Lead (who would oversee payroll as well) to strengthen this team.
In this Lead CB and Payroll role you are end to end responsible for the compensation  benefits strategy and implementation across all Catawiki countries as well as managing the regular benchmark exercises in partnering with our external partners. In addition, you are also responsible for the payroll team who is collecting and providing payroll data to the local payroll providers and reviewing the completed payroll reports in collaboration with our payroll providers. Currently our Catawikians are based in 8 European countries, a few countries outside Europe and we are expanding further on a global level.
What youll do

Re-define the Total Reward strategy for the next years
Create, document and maintain clear policies on compensation and benefits, and manage the various vendors 
Ensure compensation and benefits is compliant with local regulations by regularly connecting with external partners (employment law specialists)
Hold annual compensation and benchmarking reviews with our external providers
Monitor administrative costs of benefits programs and recommend cost containment strategies, including alternative methods for administration and funding.
Communicate all benefits to the company: design and distribute materials for benefits orientations, open enrollment and summary plan descriptions.
Oversee and manage relocation requests and impact on total employee package when relocations are approved
Implement regular data checks to ensure we are aligned with our DEI commitments
Facilitate comparing all the various job titles and salary ranges to ensure any pay differences are justified for new and existing employees
Manage the payroll team members and manage any escalations that might arise.
Work together with the other members of the People Operations  Reward Team to implement automation, innovation and any continuous improvements around the payroll processing and reporting.

What youll bring
You have minimum of 5 years of work experience in Compensation  Benefits (and overall 7 years working in HR functions), within a commercial and international oriented organization AND:

Ability to identify and mitigate (compliance) risks with labour law
A data driven mindset
Ability to collaborate and work in a team environment, as well as independently while adhering to processes and procedures
A proactive, flexible and service oriented approach
Excellent listening and communication skills, accurate and a high level of integrity. 
A multitasker who can prioritise to meet deadlines
Ideally (but not a must) experience managing small teams
Fluent in English and Dutch, both spoken and written
Experience in working with Workday is preferred.
Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.