Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role
The CX Training  Development Specialist is a highly motivated and skilled team member within the Knowledge  Improvement Team. Reporting to the Head of Knowledge  Improvement, you will play a key part in enhancing the competencies of our employees by developing and delivering training programs that align with our companys core values. You will be responsible for conducting training needs assessments, designing engaging curriculum and learning materials, and overseeing all aspects of training interventions. Your primary objective will be to boost workplace performance within our CX organization. As a Training  Development Specialist, you will collaborate with various stakeholders to identify training gaps and develop solutions to address them. You will also be responsible for evaluating the effectiveness of training programs and making necessary adjustments to ensure continuous improvement. 
To excel in this role, you should have a strong passion for learning, excellent instructional design skills, and the ability to effectively communicate and engage with employees at all levels. Your creativity, attention to detail, and organizational abilities will be critical in delivering impactful training initiatives.
What youll do

Identify training needs by evaluating strengths and weaknesses
Translate requirements into training that will upskill employees in tolling, process, and other operational ways of working.
Build and assist in building Live training programs and prepare teaching plans
Develop or oversee the production of classroom handouts, instructional materials, aids and manuals
Direct structured learning experiences and monitor results via varied assessment approaches
Assess training effectiveness to ensure incorporation of taught skills and techniques into employees work behaviour
Acclimate new hires to the business and create, conduct, and maintain onboarding sessions remotely and in office when required
Effectively deliver various training courses
Periodically evaluate ongoing programs and resources to ensure that they reflect any changes
Stay abreast of the new trends and tools in employee training and incorporate new styles of training and learning into your practice.

Requirements:

Solid knowledge of learning principles and proven experience in facilitating training events in a corporate setting
Ability to present complex information to a variety of audiences in a confident, clear, and engaging manner
Experienced training small to large groups in an operational environment
Experience working in Customer ServiceCustomer Support environment
Proven ability to master the full training cycle
Adequate knowledge of learning management software
Familiarity with traditional and modern training methods, tools and techniques
Sound decision making and organisational skills
Proficiency in Google Suite and in some data analysis
Ability to travel to Catawikis offices in the Netherlands when required
Degree or certificate in Education, Training, HR or related field
Creative ability  writingspeaking proficiency in English (Near native). Any other European language is an asset.

 Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.