Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.What does the role involve?
At Catawiki you have the opportunity to engage and delight our broad variety of customers (Sellers and Buyers) by solving complex challenges and managing disputes and complaints. You make sure that customer queries are addressed and resolved in a correct and timely manner via diverse channels (email, phone, social media). When there is a dispute between a seller and a buyer, you will mediate between the customers and find a solution that works for both. 
The customer experience department plays an essential role in Catawiki, as our customer experience specialists ensure that our customers return to our platform on a regular basis and thereby directly help grow the business. The customer experience department is also a crucial link between departments, closely working with Sales and our Experts as well as other departments to improve the overall Customer Experience. Through their close customer contact, CX brings valuable feedback on possibilities for improvements in our services.
This is who you are 
You are motivated by providing delight to our customers, you can communicate clearly and providing an excellent customer experience is your main goal. You will try your utmost to find fitting solutions to all problems and you do this in a patient, and empathetic way. In addition you are:

Professional speaking and writing skills in English; strong communication skills,
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills,
Preferably previous experience in a customer experienceservice environment or a customer related role (hospitality, tourism, retail, call-center etc);
Ability to quickly able to switch between various customer channels like phone and e-mail communications,
Ability to positively interact with your team and other departments,
Available to work 40 hours per week;
You are willing to commute to our Lisbon office and work in the office at least 2 days per week,
You are flexible to work at least 2 weekends a month and able to work on some public holidays.
You are currently based in Lisbon, Portugal. 

 
Find our more about our team and culture

 Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.