Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.About the role
We are looking for a Finance Business Partner to partner and support Central Functions including Tech whilst also being responsible for the key FPA activities across Catawiki.  Key responsibilities include preparing, reviewing and analysing financial and non-financial information and to provide reports and insights that drive performance improvement and delivery against desired business outcomes. With your strong interpersonal and communication skills you are in the position to really make an impact on the business and drive improved performance. Furthermore you will take part in special projects supporting strategic objectives.
Because we are growing fast, the tasks and responsibilities of this role may change over time and you will be excited to take on new challenges and responsibilities as they occur.
Our Commercial Finance team is based in the Netherlands and remotely working from our office in Amsterdam. Its highly preferred that our new team member is based in the Netherlands and willing to travel to the Amsterdam office regularly. 
What youll do
Finance business partner to the CPO, CTO, CFO, CEO and their teams:

Drive performance through the budgeting and forecasting of key metrics and drivers, and translation into related financial costs and KPIs
Cooperate with these teams to set their respective financial and KPI targets, reporting and sharing actual performance, providing insight into variances and highlighting future implications
Attendance at cost centre review meetings, reviewing cost base (FTE and costs) on a monthly basis and discuss any variances to determine the impact on the future PL
Attendance at relevant business team meetings, sharing insight into performance and being the wider finance representative
Act as financial advisor to these teams, and to be integral to commercial decision-making and driving improved performance
Become closely involved in, and provide financial support and analysis in relation to, commercial contract negotiations and partnerships
Work closely with engineering and product teams to provide support on key projects and strategic pillars initiatives e.g. ISS (Integrated Shipping Service), Demand initiatives
Drive continuous improvement with your partners by providing support on business initiatives and ad hoc projects e.g. CX models regarding First Time Right, Allocation keys, Requests for proposals (RFPs) and the FTE process

Besides this, you will support and lead the overall FPA activities for Catawiki including but not limited to:

Working with the Commercial Finance Director to drive and lead the quarterly forecasting and annual budget cycles;
Monthly and quarterly business performance reviews, including monthly and quarterly board reporting;
Further improving and aligning Catawiki reporting and dashboards (e.g. FTE and forecast modelling)
Support in business planning (including weekly forecasting, quarterly detailed planning) by providing financial analysis and modelling.

 
What youll bring

Finance Degree: professionally qualified, working towards a relevant professional qualification or qualified by experience (4 years of experience)
Interpersonal and communication skills with an ability to work as a member of a team and influence multiple stakeholders
Ability to understand, interpret and challenge financial data
Analysis and problem solving skills with high attention to detail
Proactive and future oriented
Good knowledge of specific processes and business areas and the ability to apply this to implementing changes that add value to the business 
Highly motivated with strong initiative and problem solving skills
Ability to think creatively, when there is not an obvious or right answer, and be comfortable with ambiguity 
Desire and ability to collaborate within own and other functions as a Business Partner to achieve desired outcomes
Experience in participation and execution of projectschange management initiatives
Good industry knowledge and commercial awareness
Good experience in financial systems and the ability to learn and embrace new systems
Fluent in English, both written and verbally
Good experience in financial systems
Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.