Who we are
A piece of the moon, a complete dinosaur skeleton, the Popes hat, the worlds smallest book - at Catawiki, we come across exceptional objects such as these every day. 
Catawiki is the leading online marketplace to buy and sell special objects. We offer over 75,000 special objects in auction every week — each reviewed and selected by one of Catawikis hundreds of in-house experts specialised in Art, Design, Jewellery, Fashion, Classic Cars, Collectables and many more.
Weve sold 10 million unique items to date and its our mission to become the worlds most popular auction destination for special objects.
Were an innovative, pioneering and fast-growing scale-up. If you think you can make a difference to our team, go ahead and apply.Our Sales Teams
Working in a distributed team across Europe brings it own challenges, but our sales team take group spirit and team building seriously. In the absence of the quarterly sales meeting in Amsterdam, they meet, brainstorm and hold virtual social activities. 
Regularly catching up as a team and on an individual basis to tackle challenging leads or to align on the overall sales strategy. Besides the immediate team, they will share and approach leads with our Experts and work on managing large accounts with our Customer Experience team. 
They are looking forward to you joining the team if you feel you are up for the challenge!
What youll do:
As Business DeveloperKey Business Developer for the French market you are responsible for building a strong lead pipeline in the area. You will convince sellers to offer quality objects via our platform and provide them with a good onboarding experience. You are responsible for generating revenue opportunities through:

Prospect and develop qualified leads through call, email, field visit, fair visit and expert collaboration
Seller acquisition: Outbound  Inbound leads
Identify and research High Potential outbound leads in collaboration with experts
Qualify inbound leads by working with data and sales tooling
Facilitate a frictionless pre and post-sales experience for sellers particularly focus on onboarding
Move in sync with Account Managers to develop growth plan for onboarded sellers
In cooperation with experts, quickly learn the important characteristics of categories including the quality guidelines and leverage those characteristics in your dealings with Leads  Dormants
Educate Leads  Dormants on what special objects our Buyers are looking for Business Opportunities: Organic SignUp and Partnerships
Leads: source HiPo leads with Experts
Dormant: Identify and reactivate high potential dormants sellers
Organic SignUps: Identify high potential organic SignUps

What youll bring:

Sales mind set
Successful and active networker
Strong negotiation skills 
Autonomous and organised
A passion for the online industry or maybe have a collection yourself so that you are able to understand the language of our sellers;
Open to travel on a regular base in France to meet your leads and sellers and to our Amsterdam Headquarters
Excellent communication skills in French and English.
A MasterBachelors degree with sales experience. Your degree is Commercial, Economics, or Sales related.
Capable of using google tools (sheet, slides) and data, we are a data-driven company.
Capable of using sales CRM Hubspot is a plus.
Heres what we can offer you
This is your chance to join our mission to fulfil peoples passions, as part of a young and dynamic organisation. Youll be part of an enthusiastic, highly-motivated team of 800 Catawikians. Additionally, you can expect:

A challenging role in a diverse, international and fast-growing organisation with over 50 nationalities.
Regular fun activities both on and offline e.g summer parties, boat rides and regular team events.
Great secondary benefits including a holiday allowance and a fantastic pension plan paid for by Catawiki.
Hybrid ways of working between home and office. We offer remote and activity-based working, suited to the team and individual responsibilities
We care about our teams wellbeing and offer a holistic wellbeing programme including our Employee Assistance Programme offering clinical services, single-session therapy, wellness support and more.
Tailored learning and development opportunities to support your personal and professional growth;
We want to help you celebrate special occasions in life by:

providing employees with a 100 EURO Catavoucher upon joining and 50 EURO birthday Catavouchers;
Extra days of annual leave for work anniversaries at 3, 5, 8 and 10 years;
Additional leave allowances for important life events such as moving, engagement  marriage;
Each year Catawikians get an additional days leave to Pursue their Passion!



Please note that our benefits offering changes depending on which country you are employed in. For our country-specific offering please ask your recruiter. 
Our commitment to you 
Catawikis eclectic team represents an international and intergenerational mix of people from different professional and cultural backgrounds. We foster an inclusive and queer-friendly work environment, committed to making every Catawikian feel welcomed and empowered. Whatever your story, we encourage you to bring your unique perspective to the table.
Catawiki stands with Ukraine and encourages people displaced by the current conflict to apply. In addition to the several initiatives weve launched, were open to ideas on ways we can continue to support the humanitarian effort.
Our offices and way of working

Weve embraced an activity-based way of working, meaning our team can choose how they split their work week between home and the office, in line with our remote framework and guidelines. In locations where we have physical offices, most employees enjoy two days at the office to connect and collaborate with each other.
Our experts and sales staff in local markets work 100 remotely  in most cases from home. Some key positions are hired remotely, while we also offer relocation services for colleagues needing to be closer to the office.

Interested?
Apply directly with an English CV and cover letter by submitting your information at the bottom of this page. By submitting your application you agree to Catawikis Applicant Privacy Policy.
If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.