About Cayaba Care
Our mission is to improve outcomes in underserved communities by reimagining how maternity care is delivered. Our team is focused on building technology-enabled solutions to deliver holistic, home-based clinical and non-clinical maternity services. 
To learn more about Cayaba Care, please visit www.cayabacare.com.
About the Job
We are seeking a Maternity Navigator to join the Market Operations Team in Philadelphia, PA reporting to the Practice Manager. 
What Youll Do

As a Cayaba Care Maternity Navigator, you will carry out in-home prenatal and postnatal visits in Montgomery County to deliver services, you will be supported by a multidisciplinary team via telemedicine.
Be the point of contact for patients and be the clinical liaison to the Cayaba Care multidisciplinary team of nurse practitioners, nurses, social workers, and therapists.
You will play an essential role in patient outreach, patientfamily engagement, delivering pregnancy health education, and assisting patients in navigating the complex healthcare systems. 
You will serve a role in community education and engagement.  This will include, but not limited to, the following:

Visiting OBGYN practices located within assigned hubs to provide educational and marketing materials 
Representing Cayaba Care at community establishments such as markets, shopping centers, laundromats, etc to drive awareness and referrals 
Mailing postcards and other marketing materials to existing and potential Cayaba Care members

Be available and present for in-person training and educational events 
Here is how your success will be measured:

Maintain a patient panel size of at least 50 patients 
Complete at least 1 in-home visit per month per patient within assigned hub
Ensure two-way communication with patientfamily via systems such as Welkin and RingCentral and Weave 
Complete all patient care documentation and tasks within 24 hours of encounter
Participaction in Cayaba Care community engagement events 


 
Who You Are

You are an active listener, display empathy, and respect.
You demonstrate an interest in addressing community needs as well as an understanding of community resources.
You are able to motivate, navigate the social service system, and advocate for others.
You are able to work independently or as part of a team.
You are able to do home visits

 
Our Cayaba Care Values:

Healthcare is Human: We partner with the communities we serve to address the unique needs of our patients and support whole person care.
Pursue Excellence: We earn  build trust with our patients, partners,  each other by striving for excellence without compromising our standards.
Uplift: We elevate and center underrepresented voices.
Embrace Innovation: We are creative  resourceful in getting things done.
Together, not alone: Moving maternal healthcare forward is a shared responsibility that we all care deeply about.

 
Required Credentials

High School Diploma or equivalent
Current national certification such as RMA, CCMA, or NCMA and CPR Certification
8 year experience as CMA, OB experience
Valid unrestricted drivers license
Working car with active insurance coverage

 
Preferred Credentials

Other OB certifications and interests (i.e. doula, lactation consult)
Home care and community health experience
Fluent in Spanish
Doula Experience

 
What Youll Get

Salary plus goal based incentives
Maternity Navigator Training
BLS Recertification
Tuition Reimbursement
Mileage reimbursement to Patient locations
Paid Time Off
Medical and Dental benefits
401K (unmatched)
An opportunity to work from home 1-2 days a week 

 
In order to successfully work remotely, supporting our patients and providers, we require a minimum of 5 MBPS for Download Speed and 3 MBPS for the Upload Speed. This should be acquired prior to the start of your employment. The best measure of your internet speed is to use online speed tests like https:www.speedtest.net. This gives you an update as to how fast data transfer is with your internet connection and if it meets the minimum speed requirements. Work with your internet provider if you have questions about your connection. 