






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
 
Were Celonis, the global leading Process Mining software company and one of the worlds fastest-growing SaaS firms. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us as an Associate Value Engineer.
The Team
Our Value Engineers (VE) are the trusted advisors for the end-to-end customer value journey, and work on the intersection of technology and business. Value Engineers partner with sales and customers to create compelling solutions and prototypes within the Celonis software to critical business problems. 
You will be joining the Global VE Center of Excellence which is an international, diverse, and dynamic organization at the core of the Celonis Value Engineering organization. As a team, we enjoy working in a fast-paced environment and share a sense of belonging to a community that wants to learn and grow together. The team culture is one based on building trust, continuous development, and improvement through coaching  mentoring. You will be reporting to the Manager, Value Engineering Orbit Program. 
The Role
Talented individuals launch their careers in the enterprise software world by joining the 12 month Orbit Program as an Associate Value Engineer. Your role will be aligned to a specific industry within the North American market. 
The program is a unique experience designed to highlight client engagements, mentorship, and a strong team culture where we rely on each other to collaborate, develop, and achieve together. You will utilize your previous technical experiences to form essential VE skills  competencies, become a trusted advisor with clients, and establish strong lasting relationships allowing you to grow your career at Celonis. 
Your journey will start with onboarding  enablement, further refining your business and Celonis skills through a combination of hands-on experience in customer engagements and training which covers, amongst others: building and coding within the Celonis EMS platform, scoping technical requirements for customers, discovery  objection handling, industry domain knowledge, presentation  demo skills, value selling  realization, as well as account renewal. 
The work youll do:

Consult with customers and eventual end users by using systems analysis techniques to uncover their core business challenges and independently determine how Celonis EMS can help them achieve their business objectives
Modify existing Celonis applications or create new ones using Vertica SQL and PQL (Celonis proprietary coding language) to exemplify solutions to customer that resolve their process pain
Execute proof projects by developing within the Celonis platform to showcase the value of Celonis EMS for our customers strategy, business initiatives, needs, and challenges
Review technical components of Celonis IT architecture with customers
Collaborate with customers and partners to design and build solutions in the Celonis EMS that drive value realization and ensure a positive return on investment
Build strong relationships with our customers by winning their trust through technical, product expertise, and business acumen to act as a trusted advisor
Frame the strategic and quantitative business value Celonis will bring to our customers organization and deliver presentations to senior executives that outline the opportunity, product solution, and business case to drive investment decisions
Team up with the implementation services team and work within the Celonis software to ensure customer value is realized post-sale
Monitor and create success plans for customers; manage customer renewals
Create innovations for customers to collaborate and share feedback with internal Product and Engineering teams to influence product innovation
Create re-usable collateral, best practices  tools within the Global VE Center of Excellence and feed them back to the regional Value Engineering team

The qualifications you need:

Have a degree in Data Analytics, Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics, or a comparable STEM degree program
Extensive internship or at least 1 year of work experience in data analytics involving specialized systemssoftware, or a comparable job
Knowledge or hands-on experience in at least one of: SQL, R, Microsoft BI, Tableau, Python, or another data analytics softwareprogramming language. Have a hunger to learn new technologies, such as Celonis EMS
Have a passion for technology  big data and the impact it can have on the world
Are able to think analytically and creatively, especially in applying technology solutions to core business problems
Are focused on creating and adding value for customers
Willing to build relationships with senior management and influence decision-makers
Confident in presenting to audiences; building to present to C-level executives
Enjoy solving problems, think outside the box, and are not afraid to make and learn from mistakes
Curious, self-motivated, enjoy continuous learning, and you want to work in a lively environment characterized by high growth.
Have an entrepreneurial mindset and the ability to take ownership, prioritize, and execute
Are an effective communicator and fluent in English

 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices