






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
As part of the Engineering Product Excellence (EPE) Services team, you work with a group of people that have deep expertise in their fields and build the processes that shape the Celonis product. Youll work closely with many engineering roles including Developers, SREs, SDETs, and QEs, advocating shift left and building the practices that make performant systems part of our DNA. Youll work with the Product team to understand the areas of our system that are high risk based on usage and historical data. And youll get a chance to grow your career while working with industry leaders to build a product that can scale 100x its current user base. 
At Celonis, We Live for Customer Value. We want a product that consistently delivers at or above performance expectations for our customers, and were looking for your keen insights to help us deliver on that promise!
The Role: 
As a Staff Performance Engineer, youll have a huge impact on helping teams and engineers design performant systems. Youll leverage your experience with Performance Engineering to develop and drive a consistent program for how we measure performance at Celonis,  including standardizing on tool sets for measurement and reporting as well as working performance concepts into our Product Life Cycle (PLC). You will drive the building of a framework for performance testing that is accessible across engineering, and the institutionalization of that framework through training and mentoring. Youll use your understanding of our architecture and performance needs to determine the right tools to standardize on, and what testing should be performed when. 
The work youll do: 

Work closely with engineering teams to develop a rigorous approach that provides early feedback and continuous improvement of application performance. Integrate performance engineering and optimal tooling in their development process.
Can operate independently as part of EPE Chapter to ensure end-to-end system optimization through performance benchmarking, standardization, continuous testing and monitoring
Build and continuously evolve a framework and infrastructure that would allow performance tests to run in a self service manner through awareness of latest innovations in tooling and techniques. Mentor engineering to use and contribute to performance test bed
Champion and drive performance engineering practices and implement an effective performance strategy, including modeling best practices via designing, writing, and executing performance test cases and procedures
Think beyond classical performance testing approaches to identify performance issues with in-depth design reviews, infrastructure sanity checker or recommendation tools to improve the developer experience
Analyze performance issues to understand the root cause of bottlenecks and propose solutions

The qualifications you need:

5 years experience as a performance test engineer on high availability cloudSaaS platforms
Deep knowledge of design, creation, execution and analysis of various performance tests (load, stress, soak, latency, scalability)
Expertise in both defining performance metrics, reporting results and proposing solutions on how application performance can be improved and improving overall performance of the product
Expertise in state of the art performance tools (JMeter, k6.io, locust experience preferred)
Working knowledge of Java, Javascript  Typescript, shell scripting
Working knowledge of Distributed Systems, Cloud Technology, Docker, K8s or similar 
Excellent English verbal and written communication skills
Ability to collaborate cross-functionally and effectively with diverse fast-paced teams
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices