






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:Sustainability at Celonis is one of our core values: because Earth Is Our Future! We support global companies to remove carbon and inefficiency from business processes, leveraging the capabilities of the Execution Management System. The diverse and international sustainability team is at the forefront, creating innovative solutions for our customers and our company.
Our products range from supplier sustainability management and the decarbonization of supply chain processes to using process mining to optimize sustainability.
Led by the Global Head of Sustainability but working horizontally with various departments, the sustainability team offers the freedom to grow and shape solutions to the biggest challenges of our time - in a fun and dynamic environment.
As green entrepreneurs, we are characterized by four core competencies: 

Leading with green expertise and an understanding of sustainable practices, as well as role-specific skills cultivated through curiosity and continuous learning 
Solving complex problems by analyzing with thought, challenging the status quo, and adopting a system-thinking approach
Making impact happen through operational excellence, pragmatism, team spirit, creativity, and sustainable performance
Dreaming big and driving change through a strong sense of ownership, the right stakeholders, and a drive for excellence

The Role:As a Senior Application Product Manager, you report to the Head of Products for Sustainability and play a pivotal role in driving the development and management of our sustainability products. You will leverage your expertise to understand market dynamics, customer needs, and industry trends to shape and build products that enable businesses to balance sustainability goals with their economic goals, especially in the supply chain. With a focus on driving value and innovation, you will collaborate across departments, lead co-innovation projects, and contribute to strategic initiatives.
The work youll do:

Drive the end-to-end product lifecycle for sustainability applications, from concept to launch and beyond.
Conduct thorough market research, analyze data, and gather insights to inform product strategy and development.
Architect and develop cutting-edge sustainability solutions that support companies to achieve their sustainability goals. One of your core activities is to build a product including all related technical tasks, using the EMS platform (Data Model, Studio, ML Workbench, Action Flows).
Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, stakeholders, product managers, and engineers to align product development with business objectives.
Lead customer co-innovation initiatives, engage the sustainability customer community and drive user involvement in product evolution.
Collect and synthesize feedback from users to continuously increase adoptions as well as improve and enhance the product offering.
Understand and integrate the rapid development of sustainability regulations into the products.
Influence the product roadmap based on market trends, customer needs, and competitive analysis.
Play a key role in defining the strategy, features, and overall vision for the sustainability product portfolio.

Ideal qualifications:

5 years experience in Application Product Management in SaaS enterprise software companies. This includes a solid understanding of requirements engineering, application development, project management, issue troubleshooting, and defining and implementing standardized procedures and documentation.
Proven track record of successfully managing and launching products or features in a SaaS company. 
A good understanding of business sustainability challenges (climate change, CO2 measurement, SDG, regulatory frameworks) and available solutions with the aspiration to become a domain expert one day proven through your work experience or private endeavors.
Deep understanding of the product development lifecycle, from ideation to launch and beyond. Familiarity with agile development practices and methodologies, such as Scrum or Kanban.
A curiosity about market trends and the ability to conduct market and user research through interviews and align product initiatives accordingly.
Experience in creating and executing product roadmaps that drive business growth and customer value.
Have a solid understanding of process mining and initial ideas about how process mining could be applied to help companies overcome sustainability challenges. 
Proficiency in Python and SQL, experience with YAML is a plus.
Passionate about helping customers solve business and sustainability challenges. You are intellectually curious, have a willingness to learn, and continuously seek self-improvement.
Effective communication skills, with business sponsors, technical resources, and customers; confident presentation skills;  fluency in both spoken and written English (other languages are a bonus!).
Entrepreneurial mindset and driven to succeed in a fast-paced environment.
Critical thinking and analytical mindset with a preference to solve problems pragmatically and with high quality.
Ability to collaborate, partner, and work effectively and smoothly in a hyper-growth company in an international team, including collaborating with team members in a remote setting.
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices