






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
Do you live and breathe digital? Join our Global Digital Marketing team and help us define our overall digital marketing strategy while working with our business partners to maximize digital marketing opportunities and meet our business goals. We are a passionate group of professionals always encouraging the adoption of best practices, and deploying relevant digital strategies, insights  marketing technologies across the organization. 
The Role:
We are currently seeking a new team member to lead the development stream of our website for the Global Digital Marketing team. This role is crucial in establishing the technological foundations for the future of our website. As the Website Development Lead, you will work in collaboration with other teams at Celonis to build an agile and scalable website ecosystem that aligns with our organizations objectives.
The Work Youll Do:

Lead and manage the website development team and budget to ensure timely delivery of projects that meet our roadmap and quality standards.
Maintain and upgrade the CMS platform, configuring and customizing it to meet our needs.
Audit and evaluate the existing infrastructure for our network of websites (CDN, CMS, DAM, etc.) to propose the right stack for our future website (evolve Contentful, move to a different CMS, etc.)
Ensure seamless integration with other marketing platforms like Pardot, Google Analytics, Tag Manager, Webinar platform, etc.
Oversee and manage the technical backlog, coordinating sprint execution, deployment, testing, documentation, etc. within the development stream.
Work closely with the Product Owner to find technical solutions that meet business requirements, collaborating with key stakeholders such as content, design, and digital teams.
Identify areas for improvement and implement processes to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of website development (Development cycles, story sizing, release management, etc.)
Stay updated with the latest web development technologies and trends to ensure our website remains competitive and innovative.

The qualifications you need:

At least five years of experience managing website development teams, and extensive experience on managing content management systems and the infrastructure to support it (including technologies such as CDNs).
Experience with Contentful (other CMSs are also a plus -  i.e.: Adobe Experience Manager)
Strong understanding of web development technologies and frameworks including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JAMstack, NextJS, React, etc.
Excellent project management skills, including the ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams.
Highly organized, with strong attention to detail and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to lead and motivate a team to achieve business objectives.
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices