






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 

The Team:
You will join the Global Sales Enablement team, a strategic business partner function that empowers internal Sales Celonauts to acquire their role-based knowledge and develop the skills to drive business growth and close deals effectively. We do that through innovative programs, actionable data insights, and a consultative approach that fosters a growth mindset. You will report directly to the Director of Global Sales Enablement.
The Role:
As the Regional AE Sales Enablement Lead you will work closely with our EMEA sales leadership, account executives, regional sales operations as well as other program and delivery enablement team members in order to equip the EMEA AE workforce with the knowledge, content, tooling, and skill development they need to be successful. Leveraging this partnership you will ensure that global sales enablement programs are adopted and you will design and deliver complementary regional and team-specific requests. You will be the main Enablement point of contact for EMEA Sales Leadership as well as the EMEA sales workforce coaching them in their success. 
The work youll do:

Partner with the EMEA SVPs, VPs, Sales Directors and Regional Strat  Ops org to identify and align on general and targeted developmental needs, through a regular cadence. Identify meaningful business impact and success metrics that will be used to measure enablement impact. 
Onboard and skill up sales leadership, keeping the program updated and aligned to the needs. 
Scope and create regional-targeted enablement plans that will complement the global enablement process, including content creation and content delivery. 
Support sales directors in sales and deal coaching to account executives. 
Communicate enablement initiatives regionally, having a detailed understanding of the global and regional enablement efforts. 
Collaborate in the Sales Enablement Governance, based on the different enablement functions calendars, including the creation, prioritization, and executive signoff approval of the Global  Regional AEs Enablement Plan and Execution. 
Stay current on the Celonis product, use cases, and value proposition to know what good looks like and align the enablement accordingly.
Take a data-based approach in conjunction with the GTM Ops team and Enablement Analytics team, reviewing, measuring, and evaluating enablement impact in the region in order to foster a continuous improvement philosophy. 
Contribute to any other Academy  Sales Enablement team projects as required (scope, definition, execution, content creation, and delivery).
Report on regional programs and project performance.

The qualifications you need:

 Have a Bachelors degree in Business, Sales, Marketing, or a related field; an MBA or advanced degree is a plus preferred. 
Have at least 5 years of experience in software sales within the sales industry and ideally have led a sales team. Experience in Celonis sales is a plus. 
Have exceptional relationship management skills with senior stakeholders to understand and align with their needs and business challenges to define enablement priorities.
Are a clear and frequent communicator, have excellent presentation skills, and the ability to gain buy-in and alignment.
Good experience with the most common Celonis sales tools: Salesforce, Salesloft, Linkedin Sales Navigator, Cognism, Rightbound, Databook, and Zoominfo.
Are independent, outcome, and goal-oriented, aligned to deliver towards and exceed defined timelines through disciplined execution. Be able to collaborate with other team members and Celonauts to find a way when a blocker is detected.  Having project management skills is an advantage.
Have ideally already gained experience in scoping, planning, designing, developing, and implementing effective sales enablement programs for a global company.
Fluency in written and spoken English, other languages like German, Spanish, French, or Italian are an advantage.
Experience working in high velocity, high growth, high pace, and changing priorities environments

What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices