






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:The Data Sources team is the front door for customers who are implementing Celonis. It is key to scaling our customer base to new industries and geographies. This team is responsible for balancing our lead in pulling data from SAP and Oracle with wide support for 100 systems. This team has a great balance of technical skills to scale integrations across different systems paired with a direct external customer focus and ability to drive revenue for the business.The Role:
We are looking for a strong people manager or senior individual contributor who can grow an existing strong product team into an effective engine for growth in the company. Today, data integration reflects the single largest step on a customers path to value with Celonis so there is a large opportunity to streamline and improve the way we get data from customers.
The work youll do:

Lead a team of product managers focused on data integration and opening new markets for Celonis
Develop a strategy to reimagine how our customers and partners continuously integrate their business data into Celonis and accelerate our support of new systems and industries
Grow our expertise with SAP and Oracle systems widely used across our customer base
Collaborate across the Celonis leadership team as well as the Product Management and Engineering organizations to help drive buy-in and agreement on the vision and the product strategy
Work directly with customers and the go-to-market organization to understand customer needs and land our biggest deals
Develop the existing talent within the product management organization with a specific focus on product strategy and understanding customer needs

The qualifications you need:

10 years in product management with a focus on data
Experience leading a team of product managers preferred
Industry experience with Enterprise sales and customers
Experience with managing large volumes of data, streaming technologies, cloud technologies or analytics workloads
Excited about driving clarity in the face of ambiguity and working in a dynamic environment that comes with being part of an innovative company undergoing a large growth spurt
Bachelors degree in a technical field (e.g. EE, CS); Masters degree in a technical field (e.g. EE, CS) or similar degree highly preferred.
Excellent English communication skills
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices