






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:As the Engineering  Product Excellence (EPE) chapter within Celonis, our focus is on the quality and stability of our software deliverables. We consistently strive to shift testing left so that we surface quality issues early and often. We prioritize integrating our toolsets and examining our processes to make sure we dont have any more manual effort than necessary, that our documentation is sufficient but also lean, and that our work is repeatable. In addition, we work on new features to do the day to day work of applying test strategy, execution and automation. Youll work with the team to ensure our products are clear, easy to use and demonstrate high quality.The Role:
As a Senior Quality Engineer you have a keen understanding of what it takes to deliver a high quality product. You will define the overall effort to ensure that innovations from our development team will be implemented in the right way in our software. At Celonis, the whole team owns quality - and with your experience youll drive defining a collaborative test strategy. Youll work closely with Product to understand and advocate for the end user experience, and closely with Developers to ensure we are testing efficiently and avoiding duplication at each test level. You are not bothered by getting your hands dirty with manual testing, but are bothered by repetitive tasks and capable of coming up with creative solutions to avoid repetition.  Hands-on experience means you understand the role of test automation, and can create scripts independently or pair with other members of our chapter on larger projects. You believe in doing the job well - but you also understand the balance between elegant solutions, time to market, and product quality so you focus on lean, clear approaches. Proud of the approach youve driven, you can provide clear data on the quality of the project to drive code deployment.
The work youll do:

Operate independently as part of a team delivering test services, working with project delivery teams to consistently advocate push left practices and drive customer satisfaction of our product offerings.
Own responsibility for one or more complex areas of testing.
Deliver robust, complete test coverage with minimal overlap.
Drive high quality test coverage in the team, ensuring definition of done includes minimal but sufficient automation and recognize the level of automation necessary to reach the goals.
Collaborate across the EPE Chapter, contributing to efforts to improve overall process and quality. 
Live by data not opinions, ensuring your agile team consistently meets auditability goals and that your team KPIs reflect the truth of overall quality status.

The qualifications you need:

Degree in Computer Science or a related field
Deep knowledge and understanding of the Agile development process and best QA practices.
Experience with bug tracking and test repository software.
6 years experience delivering robust test automation in CypressSeleniumPlaywright or similar tools. Python andor SQL knowledge is a plus. 
Complete understanding and command of API testing and manipulation.
Experience with minimizing duplication of testing layers and a deep understanding of what should be tested at each layer.
Excellent communication skills across management levels and formalinformal settings
Experience with CICD processes.

 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices