






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:This role will be part of a growing Solution Management organization, reporting into the VP of Solution Management .  You will interact with teams and leaders across the business including product management, product marketing, innovation teams, field marketing and communications.  This position will work and communicate regularly with the leadership team and critical external stakeholders.  The Role:As a solution management manager, you excel at positioning current and future technology innovation.  You have the ability to deeply understand technical topics, while being able to translate the topics at the level of your audience (analysts, executives, customers).  In this role youll work with our Product  Engineering as well as Strategy  Innovation teams to understand our short-term roadmap and long-term product strategy, which will feed into the creation of internal and external deliverables (analyst briefing decks, roadmap  vision presentations, etc.) Top candidates have relentless empathy for our users and buyers, are excited about the category of process mining that weve created, and are equally excited to produce content as they are to manage cross-functional workstreams to get projects across the line.
The work youll do:

Develop and proactively manage relationships with key analystsindustry influencers to ensure they fully understand our point of view on our product and the greater market.  This includes creating and executing presentations around our company  product strategy in conjunction with our leadership team
Own the strategy for engaging with analysts (Gartner, Forrester, IDC, Everest, HFS, etc.) including defining key projects and deliverables with which analysts, determining which internal stakeholders should engage with the analysts in which capacity, and briefing internal teams on this strategy.  You will work with a dedicated project manager who will create analyst-specific program plans based on your strategy input and jointly execute these program plans in tandem with them
Take responsibility for responding to analyst ranking report inquires (Gartner Magic Quadrant, Forrester Wave, etc.).  Youll work with our product  engineering org leaders and our executive team to ensure questionnaire responses and associated briefing presentations are articulated in a compelling and differentiated way from our competitors.  When the reports publish, you will enable the company on the results, key takeaways, and positioning to use these assets with our customers and partners
Update our external 12 month roadmap on a rolling quarterly basis alongside the product operations team to ensure changes and additions are appropriately positioned and reflected.  Youll define the next steps for making the roadmap presentation more accessible and digestible for our end customers, partners, and analysts  
Create enablement assets related to the roadmap including enablement decks for the field, enablement courses on our internal training platform, and a company-wide update newsletter highlighting the most important changes

The qualifications you need:

8 years experience in Product Management, Product Marketing, or related roles at a B2B tech company, with a track record of successfully bringing products to market
Ability to lead by example, working with cross-functional teams while being a contributor in your own right
Ability to understand new and emerging technical concepts at parity with our Product team.  Deeply researching a new technology youre unfamiliar with should excite you
Polished, confident communication and writing skills. Including experience presenting clearly to senior business leaders, on a webinar, or on-stage at one of our events
Ability to achieve results across multiple projects in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, often on short deadlines
Must have strong business and technical acumen gained through professional experience as a self-starter with proven ability to think ahead, engage proactively, and take initiative
Prior experience of working in the tech industry, with a working knowledge of analytics, process mining, or enterprise process management is preferred
Prior experience directly interacting with industry analyst firms (Gartner, Forrester, IDC) is preferred 
Prior experience working directly with executive team visionaries is preferred
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices