






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
 
Location: Madrid, with the view to relocate back to the UK on completion of the 2 yr graduate orbit program
The Team
Our Value Engineers (VEs) are the trusted advisor for customers and work on the intersection of technology and business.Value Engineers partner with sales and customers to create compelling solutions to critical business problems. A great VE understands the customer, the technology, and the sales cycle making it what may be the most interesting, challenging, and fulfilling role in enterprise technology sales.
You will be joining the Global VE Center of Excellence in Madrid, an international, diverse, and dynamic organization at the core of the Celonis Value Engineering team. As a team, we enjoy working in a fast-paced environment and share a sense of belonging to a community that wants to learn and grow together. The team culture is one based on building trust, continuous development, and improvement through coaching  mentoring. You will be reporting to the Manager Value Engineering Graduate Program. 
The Role
Talented individuals launch their careers in the enterprise software world by joining the Orbit Graduate Program as an Associate Value Engineer.
The 12-month program is a unique experience to fast start your Value Engineering career that highlights hands-on learning, mentorship, and a team culture where we rely on each other to learn, grow and achieve. The program is designed to develop essential VE skills  competencies and establish strong lasting relationships allowing you to grow your career at Celonis. 
Your journey will start with onboarding  enablement to develop your business and Celonis skills through a combination of hands-on experience in customer engagements and different pieces of training which cover amongst others the Celonis EMS, domain knowledge, presentation  demo skills, discovery  objection handling as well as value selling. After your first 12-month youll be ready to turn your full focus to the UK territory, to complete your 2yr orbit program in Madrid. On completion of the 2 yr program you can choose to move to back to the UK to work from our London office or remain in Madrid.
The work youll do:

Work as part of the UK Value Engineering team on customer engagements
Collaborate with customers to uncover their core business challenges and determine how Celonis EMS can help them achieve their business objectives
Execute proof projects showcasing the value of Celonis EMS in the context of our customers strategy,  business initiatives, and challenges
Collaborate with customers and partners to design and build solutions in the Celonis EMS that drive value realisation and ensure a positive return on investment
Frame the strategic and quantitative business value Celonis will bring to our customers organization and deliver presentations to senior executives that outline the opportunity, product solution, and business case to drive investment decisions
Build strong relationships with our customers by winning their trust through technical, product expertise, and business acumen to act as a trusted advisor.
Collaborate and share customer insights  feedback with internal Product and Engineering teams to influence product innovation
Create re-usable collateral, best practices  tools within the Global VE Center of Excellence and feed them back to the regional Value Engineering team

The qualifications you need:
We are looking for people who enjoy solving problems, think outside the box, and are not afraid to make and learn from mistakes. You have a degree level in the field of Technology  Management, Business Informatics, Information-oriented Business Administration, Computer Science, and Mathematics or a comparable degree program as well as workinternship experience. Youre curious, self-motivated, enjoy continuous learning, and you want to work in a lively environment characterized by high growth. You will require an understanding of the UK business marketplace.
You are successful as a Value Engineer if you:

Have a passion for technology  big data and the impact it can have on the world
Have a hunger to learn new technologies; knowledge or hands-on experience in SQL, Python is a plus
Are able to think analytically and creatively, especially in applying technology solutions to core business problems
Are focused on creating and adding value for customers
Have an entrepreneurial mindset and the ability to multi-task, prioritize and execute
Are able to build relationships with senior management and influence decision-makers
Are confident to present to C-level executives and larger audiences
Are an effective communicator and fluent in English

LI-EB1What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices