






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
The Strategic Program Management team drives transformational initiatives to address key strategic priorities. These programs can be targeted at improving the health of our customer base, transforming our go-to-market approach, or ensuring successful adoption of our product. The team is part of our global Value Engineering team which ensures our customers success from the initial contact to enterprise wide expansion.
The Role:
As a Strategic Program Intern, youll be at the heart of our strategic decision-making, gaining unparalleled insights into its shaping and driving its execution. You will craft and drive programs across a spectrum of organizations, centered in Value Engineering, but extending to Product, Sales, Strategy  Operations, Finance, Ecosystem, Services and beyond.
Your journey here equips you with essential business operator and entrepreneurial skills, as you craft strategies, chart a program courses, and spearhead its execution. During execution you ensure a programs success by steering all of its workstreams through effective communication and ownership. You will lead some workstreams yourself and provide guidance to the respective teams for others, while reporting on the programs progression and success to our management.
Your contributions will directly influence Celonis trajectory, making a visible difference to our strategic outcomes. Through the cross-functional nature of the role, youll establish a strong personal brand and network within Celonis, ensuring your professional growth.
 
The work youll do:

Enable and shape data driven decision making for our management
Design and conceptualize strategic programs (incl. data analysis).
Lead and oversee program execution from inception to completion.
Coordinate and guide all involved parties in their respective streams.
Take ownership of specific streams, ensuring their success.
Identify and mitigate potential risks to ensure smooth program delivery.
Report to our executive management on program progress and outcomes.

 
The qualifications you need:

Outcome-oriented mindset with a strong sense of ownership.
Proficient understanding of Celonis GTM methodology  functions.
Exceptional stakeholder management skills with the ability to lead by influence.
Proven experience in effective and efficient project management.
Strong foundation in data analysis  modeling.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and resilience in the face of changing priorities.

 
The learning and development you will gain:

Deep Strategic Involvement: Be at the heart of strategic decision-making with unparalleled insights into its shaping and execution.
Broad Organizational Impact: Craft and drive programs across diverse organizational realms, directly influencing the Celonis trajectory and strategic outcomes.
Skill Development: Acquire essential business operator and entrepreneurial skills while crafting strategies, designing strategic programs, leading their execution, and managing stakeholders.
Leadership Opportunities: Take the helm of various workstreams, guiding teams and directly reporting to management on program progression and success.
Professional Branding and Networking: Establish a strong personal brand and cultivate an expansive network within Celonis, fostering professional growth.
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices