






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
Based in Munich, this person will be part of the Motion Design Team team and report to our Head of Video and Motion Design. As the 4th member of the team, youll play a key part in helping Celonis wow our audiences on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and (soon) TikTok. 
The Role:
Our social vision is to break away from best practice and lean into impact. To create content that excites and inspires. To break away from corporate social and develop our own image, our own identity. (Check out our Instagram for an idea of the direction were going).
If youre the kind of person that gets excited about creating beautiful visuals, loves learning and trying new things, and believes in the power of great brands then wed love to hear from you. 
The work youll do:

Create exciting videos, GIFs, and content assets for Celonis social media channels
Collaborate with the other members of the Design Office and the broader Celonis organization to make magic in every post we share
Take the initiative on projects to come up with new ideas
Analyze whats worked well, and what hasnt, so we can keep improving 

The qualifications you need:

Extensive knowledge of Adobe Creative Cloud and common motion graphics design software
A strong portfolio of motion graphics work
A desire to learn new techniques and technology to advance your craft
Excellent visual and conceptual skills to solve problems and create novel solutions
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English

 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices