






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 

The Team:
Cloud Platform and Infrastructure Engineering 
The Role:
Example projects include:

An audited, secure, throttled self-service query store developers can use on production systems
Automated online tenant movement
Reworking our scheduling framework, including load balancing

Youll be designing and leading development on these projects. This position can be fully remote. You must possess excellent communication and writing skills as this is a role on a distributed, worldwide team.
You should have a minimum of 8 years of demonstrated experience building distributed systems. Java experience is preferred. You must have RDBMS experience, preferably PostgreSQL.
This role has large growth potential and is ideal for inventive self-starters who like to think out of the box.
Software Engineer Responsibilities:

Design and develop infrastructure projects related to meta-data
Build automation for deployment, monitoring, and usage of database products
Identify bottlenecks in the current system and 
Mentor junior engineers

The qualifications you need:

A bachelors or masters degree in a technical field (e.g. Computer Science, Software Engineering) or a comparable education
8 years of experience building distributed systems
8 years of experience in Linux and Kubernetes
Experience with cloud providers, preferably AWS or Azure
Experience with RDBMS or NoSQL databases; PostgreSQL experience is preferred
Bachelors degree in computer science, or a similar field; Masters degree preferred
In-depth knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL)
Expertise in a structured language like Java (preferred), Python or GoLang
Terraform, ArgoCD, Ansible are all a plus

 
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices