






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
The Celonis Process Mining team focuses on improving, extending and maintaining the process mining capabilities of our software according to customer requirements, insights from academia, and research. The team takes special care of the integration of state-of-the-art process mining approaches into our highly-performant products.
 
The Role:
You will be part of the Process Mining team. The team develops and validates innovative process mining algorithms and approaches and integrates it into Celonis products. You will interact closely with other software engineers, product managers, and designers within the product and engineering organization to successfully deploy your code in production.
The work youll do:

Familiarize and understand relevant research approaches in the field of process mining
Take ownership of features from design to operation
Develop, validate and implement algorithms in a high-performant manner together with a small team
Collaborate with various teams and coworkers to drive innovation in the field of process mining
Bring successful prototypes into the product
Mentor and grow your teammates 

The qualifications you need:

A university degree in the area of computer science, process mining or a comparable education
Proven experience in software development with C. Python and Java are a plus
Genuine interest and (first) experience in process mining
Ability to drive innovation in the area of process mining
You have experience with developing data-intensive and performance-critical applications
An analytical mind with a great understanding of complex algorithms and data management
You have solid knowledge on API design using templates
Strong communication skills 
Good knowledge of spoken and written English
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices