






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
Reporting to the Global Collections Manager in this function you will play an important role in the overall success and health of the customers portfolio, as part of a global finance team in a fast-paced high impact environment. 
The Role:
You will be responsible to establish contact with low value past due customers and resolve delinquency in a timely manner through providing account information, resolving customer concerns, and negotiating payment arrangements that are acceptable to both the customer and the company. You will collaborate with billing, accounts receivable, and various other internal departments to achieve common goals. A high degree of independent judgment is required to evaluate unique situations to determine account handling and resolution. 
The work youll do:

Focus on customer experience to reduce delay on payments and achieve higher customer satisfaction rates.
Monitor low value accounts daily, contacting clients and discussing their overdue payments, taking actions to encourage timely payments.
Disputes management and resolution of issues in cooperation with the sales, billing team and other stakeholders.
Investigate historical data for debts and invoices.
Collaborate with accounting operations to process payments and refunds.

The qualifications you need:

Student of business administration  economics or of a comparable program
Think analytically, work in a structured manner and quickly comprehend new topics and interrelationships
Possess some understanding of accounting and finance language
High level of English
Characterized by good communication skills and enjoy interacting with potential customers
Have good knowledge of Excel and MS Office
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices