






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:You will be part of the Core Mining Engine team. The Core Mining Engine enables our customers to interactively process mine enterprise sized data sets. To achieve that goal we developed our own analytical database. In order to handle the strong growth of our customer base and their demands we heavily invest on the scalability of the Core Mining Engine. The Role:
As a member of the Core Mining Engine team you will work on our analytical database which is built on a microservice architecture, optimized to process large amounts of data. You will address scaling problems, increasing robustness while maintaining cost efficiency and integrating the Core Mining Engine with new technologies like Apache Kafka. 
The work youll do:

Implementing features in existing or newly created microservices
Take ownership of features from design to operation
Collaborate with various teams and coworkers to cope with rapidly increasing system workload
Identify and eliminate bottlenecks in our current system

The qualifications you need:

You have experience with writing scalable, reliable, and testable software
You are fluent in Java. Python or C are a plus
You have experience with developing data-intensive and performance-critical systems
You know how to analyze complex systems
You have solid knowledge of data structures  algorithms
You have solid knowledge about asynchronous  concurrent programming and have worked with the low-level building blocks of synchronization like semaphores, read-write locks, mutexes etc.
You made first experiences with Spring

 
About Us
Celonis believes that every company can unlock its full execution capacity. Powered by its market-leading process mining core, the Celonis Execution Management System provides a set of applications, and developer studio and platform capabilities for business executives and users to eliminate billions in corporate inefficiencies. Celonis has thousands of global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with 15 offices worldwide.Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Different makes us better. What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices