






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Role:
As a leading player in Process Mining technology, Celonis is seeking an experienced Senior Vulnerability Management Engineer to be an integral part of our world-class Security Engineering Team. This role is pivotal in safeguarding Celonis cloud-native and on-prem infrastructure by identifying, assessing, and prioritizing vulnerabilities.
The work youll do:

Execute comprehensive vulnerability scans across various technological domains including network, cloud, and applications.
Interpret and triage findings from network scanners, Cloud Security Posture Management (CSPM), Software Composition Analysis (SCA), and Static Application Security Testing (SAST).
Provide actionable intelligence and prioritization metrics to remediation teams.
Develop and maintain an asset inventory for dynamic scanning requirements.
Create executive-level vulnerability metrics and dashboards.
Participate in Red Team exercises to identify potential vulnerabilities proactively.

The qualifications you need:

Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Cybersecurity, or related field.
Minimum of 5 years in a dedicated vulnerability management role.
Deep understanding of networking protocols and cloud architectures.
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) or Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) certification is a plus.
Hands-on experience with premium vulnerability scanning tools such as Qualys, Nessus, or similar.
Strong proficiency in CSPM tools like Prisma, Dome9, or similar.
Expertise in interpreting SAST results from tools like Checkmarx or Veracode.
Excellent scripting skills in Python or Bash for custom vulnerability identification.

 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices