






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
Youll have the opportunity to be a part of our Technical Program Management Team which sits within the Celonis Engineering Organization! You will be working with a cross-functional team driving projects in the area of Platform, Infrastructure, Deployments, or SRE. The Role:
Join Celonis Engineering and play a key role as a Senior Technical Program Manager in Germany (Munich or remote). As a Senior TPM you are driving cross-functional programs by closely working together with Engineering, Product, Design, QA (and beyond) to drive execution velocity and help balance, drive, keep control, and track cross-functional programs;  streamline cross-team dependencies while making sure that the overall delivery remains smooth and efficient.
The work youll do:

Lead multidisciplinary cross-functional engineering programs in the area of Platform, Infrastructure, Deployments, Security, Identity, or SRE
Break down the programs into projects and coordinate across functional areas in order to deliver on the program deliverables
Leverage technical acumen to understand and contribute to Engineering Design Documents (especially with a focus on dependencies) and understand and translate (if applicable) the PRDs into engineering working packages
Present and advocate complex business and technical concepts with Engineering Leadership and Executive Management 
Drive effective teamwork, communication, collaboration and commitment across multiple groups and to different stakeholders
Manage risk, communication  monitor, project schedule, review project progress and timelines; and identify and resolve issues to ensure project success
Propose the best course of action and optimal solutions for the target architecture
Program Management across its entire lifecycle 
Management of technical discussions and strategic decision-making

The qualifications you need:

Experience in Technical Program Management in SaaS software companies
Masters degree in Computer Science or equivalent experience  skillset
Experience facilitating decision-making by identifying key stakeholders  surfacing the required information to make critical decisions
You can clearly  accurately communicate (English is a must!) program status, issues, dependencies  risks to leadership  other program stakeholders beyond Product  Engineering
You can explain your teams analyses and recommendations to executives as you are discussing the technical trade-offs in product development with engineers.
You have excellent problem-solving ability  value teamwork  multitasking
You can find practical  simple solutions to complicated problems without sacrificing quality
You have an entrepreneurial spirit, are self-sufficient  able to operate in a fluid, ambiguous environment
Experience with web technologies and data analytics is a plus 

 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices