






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
As a member of the Engineering organization, the  Product Analytics  Data Sciences team provides analytic support and a strategic perspective to the product and engineering teams to enable them to make evidence-based conclusions. We deliver actionable insights by collecting, organizing, and interpreting data about user journeys, product telemetry, incidents, infrastructure utilization, sales motions, and much more. We transform data into analytic assets by conducting exploratory analysis, identifying outliers, validating hypotheses, building statistical models, quantifying risk; communicating findings through well-crafted stories and critical recommendations. The Role:
As a Staff Product Analytics Engineer in the Product Analytics  Data Sciences team, you will play a key role in defining and building the analytic infrastructure that will enable strategic and tactical decision-making in a hyper-growth environment. As one of the most senior technical experts on the team, you will provide technical leadership to design, build and maintain a data ecosystem for analytic needs within the product and engineering organization. In this exciting role, in addition to defining and creating the analytic infrastructure, you will also need to facilitate data-informed discussions between stakeholders across the organization, through effective storytelling with meaningful insight.
The work youll do:

Engage with stakeholders from product, engineering, and GTM teams to understand the analytic needs, identify the underlying data engineering requirements and help build the core technical foundations needed to support product analytics. 
Design, build and maintain resilient data infrastructure that gathers data from a variety of sources - cloud billing, product telemetry, and observability systems. Ensure the continuous and reliable flow of data needed to support all the product analytics activities.
Work closely with the product and engineering teams to understand business requirements. Design and build analytic solutions that can deliver data-informed insights to stakeholders.
Continuously engage in refining data engineering processes to ensure data accuracy, consistency, and integrity through continuous audit and review
Conduct in-depth analytic investigations to find answers to business questions or support making the case for product andor engineering ideas

The qualifications you need:

Bachelors degree or equivalent with a strong focus on Mathematics, Computer Science, or Data Science. Masters or Ph.D. preferred.
10 years relevant experience as an Analytics Engineer  Data Engineer or similar, partnering with product, engineering, or growth teams at a SaaS or enterprise software company
Experience with data engineering building analytic data repositories leveraging data sources from cloud billing, product telemetry, and observability systems 
Extensive experience with data repositories and business analytics preferably using cloud-based technologies. 
Hands-on experience working with multi-cloud setups across GCP, AWS, and Azure will be a huge plus. 
Outcome-oriented with strong decision-making skills and the ability to prioritize multiple goals while meeting deadlines.
Have excellent written and verbal communication skills; exceptional attention to detail.
Experience working in agile teams using collaboration software like Jira or similar.
Eager to work in a fast-growing organization with diverse and international teams spread across multiple locations
The base salary range below is for the role in the specified location, based on a Full Time Schedule. Total compensation package will include base salary  bonuscommission  equity  benefits (health, dental, life, 401k, and paid time off). Please note that the base salary range is a guideline, and that the actual total compensation offer will be determined based on various factors, including, but not limited to, applicants qualifications, skills, experiences, and location.The base salary range below is for the role in California, based on a Full Time Schedule.  196,000—240,000 USDWhat Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices