






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
Were Celonis, the global leader in Process Mining software technology and one of the worlds fastest-growing SaaS firms. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us as a Talent Acquisition Partner in our BANGALORE OFFICE.
The Team:
[Please add a brief department summary here.]
The Role:
We are seeking a seasoned Talent Acquisition Partner who would work with our leadership teams across various functions (Engineering, Ecosystem and Services) to help build and grow the Centre of Excellence of Celonis in India. The talent partner would be a critical building block to scale up these teams and should have reasonable to mature level of proficiency in Sourcing, Outreach  Pitch (Selling) to attract talent, be a data enthusiastic professional and carry a niche for networking and stakeholder management skills. The talent partner will be trusted to manage end to end recruiting on a large volume of different roles spanning all levels across the organization. 
The work youll do:

Manage full-cycle recruiting process, ensuring a smooth and positive candidate experience
Proactively source and attract passive candidates through a variety of methods, building a consistent pipeline of talent for high priority and hard-to-fill positions
Contribute to hiring processes  procedures, employer branding, onboarding, and organizational planning that will allow the company to scale effectively
Develop strong relationships with hiring managers to understand and ensure alignment on the specifications of each role needed while executing solid sourcing and recruiting plans
Co-manage our ATS, Greenhouse using metrics to improve overall process

The qualifications you need:

At least 5 years of experience in the field of recruiting  talent acquisition and preferably in hyper growth environment
Experience in recruiting for various types of roles in EngineeringSolutionsSales and services 
Proven communication skills and the ability to effectively communicate delicate and confidential information
Ability to proactively source and draft compelling messaging to attract top tier talent
A track record of negotiating and navigating complex compensation conversations
Seasoned in stakeholder management and ability to build long lasting partnerships with cross functional HR teams 
Understanding of the data analytics and the importance of data integrity in Greenhouse
Demonstrated organizational skills and personal methods of ensuring no candidate gets left behind or falls through the cracks
Ability to work with distributed teams across global time zones 
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices