






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
We are a team of product enthusiasts that like to push the borders of the as-is status. We constantly challenge the status quo and drive the product forward by innovative thinking. Our team is focused on developing a new, unprecedented data foundation that enables object-centric process mining.The Role:
We are looking for experienced product managers to join our rapidly growing product and engineering organization. Embedded within a cross-functional team, the Product Manager acts as the teams product owner and is responsible to come up with and aligning the team to the product strategy, rigorous prioritization, and supporting execution with clear requirements.
Successful product managers have a strong understanding of customer needs, the overall market we operate within, and foremost our product. Success requires deep collaboration with many different stakeholders across our business.The work youll do:

Define and socialize a strategy and vision on how to transform customers raw data into the formats needed for process mining 
Drive buy-in and agreement for the product strategy and vision
Collaborate with engineering and design counterparts to put the strategy into motion and successfully lead the product to the market
Work directly with customers and the go-to-market organization to understand customer needs and improve the product with the highest possible customer impact
Serve as subject matter expert and evangelist for your assigned area of the product
Example types of work you may be involved in include:

Assess the benefits and risks of replacing an SQL editor with a visual editor
Identifying new and innovative ways to decrease transformation execution durations



The qualifications you need:

An analytical or technical background along with a passion for all things data is most important
Proactive, analytical, collaborative mindset paired with strong communication skills
Technical knowledge around ETL pipelines and SQL
5-10 years of experience within a product management discipline
Experience in streamlining different engineering teams
Excited about driving clarity in the face of ambiguity and working in a dynamic environment that comes with being part of an innovative company undergoing a large growth spurt
Bachelors degree in a technical field (e.g. EE, CS); Masters degree in a technical field (e.g. EE, CS) or similar degree highly preferred
Excellent English communication skills

 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices