






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
The Celonis business development team acts as the engine of the companys growth. We are curious, ambitious and ready to further evangelize our state-of-the-art Execution Management System.  
The Role:
We are seeking Business Development Representatives to join our growing German team. The Business Development Representatives main focus is to identify, develop, and create new enterprise business opportunities in new accounts for 1-3 Account Executives in specific territories in the DACH region. 
The work youll do:

Prospect into strategic business accounts via cold call, email and social strategies
Drive sales growth and pipeline through setting up qualified meetings for Account Executives
Maintain and organize an annual book of business
Be a subject matter expert and evangelist of the Celonis Execution Management System
Produce creative strategies for targeting decision-makers at prospect accounts in order to book sales appointments and influence company revenue

The qualifications you need:

A BABS from a top university or equivalent
0-2 years of experience of sales or business development in a SaaS organisation
Excellent writtenverbal communication skills
High energy and positive attitude
Able to multitask, prioritise, and manage time effectively
Able to take initiative
Comfortable working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
A self-starter who is dedicated, hungry, and driven to succeed  a true out-performer
Fluent in German and English

 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices