






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
Position Summary:
The Corporate Counsel will be part of Celonis global Commercial Legal organization and report to the Vice President  AGC, Commercial  Product. The Corporate Counsel will be part of a close-knit team of legal experts all over the world and will take primary responsibility for negotiating key commercial customer transactions globally, with a focus on North America, APAC and Japan. A successful candidate will be expected to provide pragmatic, creative, collaborative and solution-oriented legal support throughout the company; will have a strong business sense and have experience working as a self-starter in an environment that is fast-paced, business and results-oriented and team focused. 
Principal Responsibilities: 

Draft, review, analyze and negotiate a wide-variety of commercial contracts, including cloud and on-premise subscriptions, nondisclosure license, and professional services agreements.
Develop and maintain commercial contract templates.
Consistently anticipate, analyze, communicate, and propose mitigation strategies for potential risks in contractual, regulatory, compliance, financial and legal areas.
Provide training on a variety of topics to sales and other cross-functional teams.
Contribute to ongoing process improvement, automation initiatives, reduction of friction and problem solving within areas of legal and compliance.
Seamlessly partner with business partners within the Celonis organization, including but not limited to Sales, Deal Desk, Finance and Compliance.
Further Celonis business, financial and risk management objectives through diligent, proactive and creative lawyering. 

Requirements:

Law degree from a highly-regarded school 
Active bar membership in relevant jurisdiction
3 years combined experience in law firm andor in-house legal department including drafting and negotiation experience in relation to Software-as-a-Service agreements 
Ability to accommodate time zone support for transactions in APAC and Japan
Working knowledge of regulatory matters, including international data protection, corporate compliance and exporttrade restrictions
Ability to think outside the box and address complex matters with creative solutions 
Excellent interpersonal, writtenverbal communication and negotiation skills
Highly responsive and service-oriented attitude
Ability to independently organize, prioritize and manage deadlines in a fast-paced and demanding work environment
Ability to maintain strong working relationships with demanding internal clients and work effectively with remote team and management members
Sound and practical business judgment
Native or bilingual fluency in English required; business fluency in Japanese would be a significant plus
The base salary range below is for the role in the specified location, based on a Full Time Schedule. Total compensation package will include base salary  bonuscommission  equity  benefits (health, dental, life, 401k, and paid time off). Please note that the base salary range is a guideline, and that the actual total compensation offer will be determined based on various factors, including, but not limited to, applicants qualifications, skills, experiences, and location.The base salary range below is for the role in Washington, based on a Full Time Schedule.  132,000—198,000 USDWhat Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices