






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
At Celonis, we believe that every company can unlock their full execution capacity - and for that we need you as a Customer Support Delivery Manager!
The Role:
This role requires the person to be based in Kosovo. As a Customer Support Delivery Manager, you will be responsible for the renewal of Premium Support contracts and all related services. In this role, you will manage one or more customers, who have purchased our Premium Support to review and drive the business. You will also be their point of escalation and ensure a regular cadence of meetings with them. Furthermore, you will assure SLA adherence on KPIs agreed in the Premium Support contract and support OLAs. As a Support Delivery Manager, you will ensure a phenomenal Customer and Partner Experience (CSAT) for support incidents. This will foster a strong partnership between the different Celonis Support teams and stakeholders in other regions and Celonis Lines of Businesses. Apart from this you will partner with regional and global peers at Celonis to ensure consistency and follow-through for global processes and coordination of resources. This will be an Individual contributor role only.
The work youll do:

Comfortable to work in the capacity of an Individual contributor
Full responsibility for all Premium Support contract related requirements and renewal of Premium Support contract
Manage one or more customers from EMEA or US, who have purchased e.g. Premium Support
Ensure a regular cadence of meetings with customer to review and drive the business
Point of escalation for the customer
Assure SLA adherence on KPIs agreed in the Premium Support contract and Support OLAs
Customer and Partner Experience (CSAT) for Support Incidents
Foster a strong partnership between the different Celonis Support teams and stakeholders in other regions and Celonis Lines of Businesses
Partner with regional and global peers at Celonis to ensure consistency and follow-through for global processes and coordination of resources
Work during Business hours of assigned customers from EMEA or US

The qualifications you need:

7 years of work experience in a Global Technical Software Support Center or IT customer service industry
Similar kind of in a customer facing support role
Proven track record for operational or delivery excellence in a similar, outlining positive impact on Customer experience
Proven leadership skills within a customer support organization.
Strong analytical skills and technical writing skills; excellent communicator who can disseminate and articulate highly technical information in a clear manner to both business, technical, and non-technical audiences.
Ability to work calmly and decisively under pressure by triaging and prioritizing multiple crisis situations in an efficient manner
Proven flexibility and ability to adapt to ambiguous and fast changing situations
Ability to identify inefficient processesprocedures and ultimately have a clear understanding of how to improve them through documented strategies
ITIL foundation certification, any additional experience and knowledge of ITIL Best Practice Methodology is an advantage
Quality management experienceFamiliar with agile project management methodologies

What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (stock options, retirement plan, generous time off, family leave from day one, and more)
Mental well-being support (mindfulness tools such as Headspace, virtual events, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices