






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
In this role you will be reporting to the Head of HR, UKI  APJ who is based in London. You will collaborate closely and be part of the EMEA APJ PC Team consisting of regional and global HRBPs and HR Generalists helping Celonis to successfully grow. Furthermore, you will collaborate closely with your colleagues across the global People  Culture Team.
The Role:
You will be the first HR representative in Japan. In this role you will work on a wide range of international HR management topics to design, optimize and implement diverse HR processes and projects. Your daily tasks include the entire range of operational and project HR work in an international context. You will act as the first point of contact to employees for all HR-related matters, handle the personnel records of all our Celonauts and it is also important to have a good understanding of local employment law.
The work youll do:

Supporting the global HRBPs in the execution of the business PC strategy with the regional RVP and first line leaders. .
Partnering with the RVP and senior leaders on culture and engagement.
Advising the managers and business on solving country HR topics.
Partnering with 1st line leaders and working on people programs and performance issues.
You will look after the employees on personnel-related and legal issues from onboarding to departures, including internal mobility
You will work closely with our internal legal team on how we can make improvements to our documentation and work rules.
You will support in enabling new and existing benefits
You will support in ensuring labor risk prevention by advising the business on local requirements and regulations.
You will own defined processes and act as SME for the team. This includes refining the process to make it better and increase automation.
You support the yearly performance and talent reviews.
Administrative support in various HR topics.

The qualifications you need:

A university degree in the fields of business administration, social sciences, law or psychology, ideally with focus on HR Management
Extensive experiences in a similar role, ideally in a rapidly growing constantly changing environment
Knowledge in Japan labor legislation and strong interest in related topics
Hands-on mentality, independent way of working, high reliability and ability to work in a team
Experience working with HRM tools (ideally Workday)
Business fluency in English and Japanese are must haves
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices