






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
Data Engineering is an international team within our Product and Engineering department. We own Celonis Process Connectors which are end-to-end ETL (Extract-Transform-Load) pipelines from ERP systems (such as SAP, Oracle) to our data lake and our very own Process Mining Engine. The team is building ETL pipelines using our Data Integration product (with existing Extractors in place, fully UI-based and unified experience), mostly focusing on the Transform part. They build best-in-class Process Connectors for different well known process types, including but not limited to: P2P (Purchase-to-Pay), O2C (Order-to-Cash), AR (Accounts Receivable), AP (Accounts Payable). 
We leverage state of the art technology and performant SQL scripting to reduce the time between data being recorded in an ERP system and appearing in Celonis apps. This allows companies to act on the latest data about their processes.
The Role:
Data Engineers are known across Celonis for their expertise in SQL. You will help internal and external customers by increasing the performance of their data pipelines with your knowledge. On top of that, you will experiment with new data technologies (real time and streaming) and their features to decrease data processing times.
The work youll do:

Write performant, scalable and easy to understand SQL queries and optimize existing ones, as well as other parts of data pipelines
Design and build new Process Connectors, improve  extend capabilities of existing ones
Research, test and measure different optimization techniques, new technologies (e.g. data streaming) and advanced features of existing technologies (e.g. data warehouse configuration) aimed at speeding up ETL pipelines
Document and promote the optimization techniques across our stakeholders
Learn PQL (Process Query Language  Celonis own language for analytical formulas and expressions) and use it to write formulas to query data from our process mining engine and build analyses

The qualifications you need:

Excellent command of SQL, including query optimization principles
Understanding of ETL jobs, data warehouseslakes, data modeling, schema design
Ability to assess dependencies within complex systems, quickly transform your thoughts into an accessible prototype and efficiently explain it to diverse stakeholders
Experience in business intelligence, data engineering, business analytics or a similar field
Interest in learning new technologies (e.g. PQL language)
Knowledge of business processes andor ERP software andor Column-oriented DBMS (e.g. Vertica) and its specific features would be beneficial
Fluency in the English language
Strong written and oral communication skills
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices