






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 

The Team:
The campaigns team is part of the Global GTM Marketing team and works in close partnership with cross functional teams including the broader go-to-market organization and marketing organization to devise, build and execute integrated marketing campaigns and structured programs to drive awareness, generate and accelerate pipeline. 
The Position:
Reporting to the Head of Global Campaigns, the DACH Campaign Manager will be responsible for localizing, adapting and executing regional campaigns to achieve DACH demand generation goals.
The Work Youll Do:

Develop and deliver fully integrated regional marketing campaigns that support business objectives and drive to established growth KPIs- planning, creating, localizing, testing optimization, analysis, and reporting on results.
Manage the development of in language campaign assets, tools and targeted content aligned to campaign channels including website, infographics, ebooks, blogs, videos, digital ads and other assets to build awareness, drive demand generation and arm the sales team.
Work closely with customer advocacy, partner and content teams to build compelling regional customer content, case studies, videos, etc.
Collaborate with the digital marketing team to execute regional digital campaigns (LinkedIn, email, programmatic ads, influencer marketing, etc)
Create and maintain local language email nurture campaigns in partnership with email marketing team 
Monitor regional trends, challenges and conversation topics in target personas and industries, working closely with the broader regional marketing and sales teams to ensure campaign messaging resonates with target audiences.
Partner with the marketing operations team to define, report, and interpret analytic results activities. Leveraging analytical insights to drive effective decisions and corrective action.
Critical collaboration with cross-functional peers in field marketing, partner marketing, content marketing, PR and communications, digital marketing, and product marketing as well as sales and business development teams.

Requirements:

Minimum of 5 years of related demand generation or marketing experience; in the software industry preferred
Proven experience building and executing multi-channel marketing campaigns based on a foundation of data and analysis; optimizing reach, awareness, and nurture, and adjusting for optimization
Strong project management skills including production schedules, stakeholder coordination, budgets, and agencyvendor oversight with the ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously 
Ability to think strategically, prioritize tasks, execute with attention to detail, and consistently meet deadlines
Native German and advanced English language skills required
Strong presentation skills and confidence in communicating with cross-functional leaders 

What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices