






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 

The Team:
Join the Celonis Types  Transformations team and become part of a game-changing mission to maximize value realization for our customers! Our goal is to not only identify but realize the full potential of the EMS through our advanced data object-centric modeling techniques. Were dedicated to making our solutions a critical part of our customers operations, with measurable business impact. This role will be based in our Darmstadt, Germany office so being local to the area or relocation is required.
The Role:
Celonis is seeking a talented Associate Backend Engineer to support the development of the new architecture for our data modeling pipeline within the Celonis EMS (Execution Management System). As the main focus will be on the Java backend, you will bring your expertise in Java and Spring Boot to the table. Join us and take the opportunity to make a real impact in the world of process transparency.
The work youll do:

Take ownership of significant portions of the development process from design to delivery. 
Create robust and sustainable software applications based on the defined specifications, actively contributing to their refinement
Document processes, concepts, and insights, fostering a knowledge-sharing and collaborative culture within the team
Ability to work autonomously on daily tasks with minimal supervision
Effectively manage customer support requests, leveraging your technical expertise to identify and implement appropriate solutions.
Ensure high software quality standards are maintained throughout the development process, including code testing, review, and optimization.

The qualifications you need:

University degree in computer science or equivalent knowledge
Fluent in both the English and German languages
Basic experience in developing Java applications
Passion for clean and understandable code
Basic understanding of Spring frameworks
Familiar with containerisation technologies (i.e. Docker)
Experience with REST APIs andor distributed micro-service architecture
Experience in writing and setting up tests (unit and integration tests)
Good communication skills


 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices