






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
Celonis Services is a strategic services organisation that focuses on the technical aspects of our customers journeys, which includes Consulting Services, Academy and Customer Support. We are thought leaders with deep product, technical and domain expertise and focus on delivering Celonis implementations and driving product adoption for our customers. We achieve this by bringing together our best practices, delivery experience, award-winning enablement and support expertise.
The Role:
As a Senior Consultant, you lead our agile project teams to accelerate our customers digital transformation and drive Celonis international expansion. You identify our customers strategic priorities and lead your project team towards developing data-driven process insights using SQL and creating complex data models to ensure that customers receive maximum value. You will become an expert in all kinds of company processes such as Finance, Order Management, Procurement, Warehouse Management, Customer Service, Production, e-Commerce, Opportunity Management, Supply Chain Management. You always leverage the newest features and functionalities of the Celonis software, such as Process Analytics, Execution Apps, Process Automation, Real Time Data Ingestion, Task Mining and Machine Learning. 
The work youll do:

Lead and drive the implementation process while delivering exceptionally high levels of service to ensure the optimal solution for our customers with our Celonis technology 
Transform the customers data using SQL to create the data model for your process analysis
Design and implement innovative analyses and execution apps and enrich them with Machine Learning algorithms (Python) or Task Mining to make the customers processes transparent and automated 
Analyse the data to identify process inefficiencies and understand the root causes to jointly suggest approaches to overcome them
Quantify the business and financial potential and present the most relevant KPIs to the management 
Translate business requirements into technical specifications
Conduct value creation workshops and align measures to improve process inefficiencies 
Set the foundation of the path to value to make the long-term customer success journey happen

The qualifications you need:

Min. 5 years working experience in IT-Consulting, Management Consulting, Process ImprovementExcellence or a similar area 
Proficiency with SQL or other programming languages (Python, R, Matlab...) and a strong interest in Big Data, Data Analytics, Data Mining, and Process Mining
Strong communication skills and enjoy interacting with various customers to understand and interpret business processes
You are very dedicated and visionary and want to actively drive the Celonis Process Mining and Execution technology forward 
Excellent analytical skills, well organised and known for being a quick learner
Fluency in English, another European language such as French, German or Dutch is of advantage 
Successfully completed your studies in Business Informatics, Computer Science, Information-oriented Business Administration Economics, Mathematics or a comparable degree program
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices