






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
Youll be joining the Professional Services department, working closely with expert technical consultants who are committed to delivering top-tier solutions to our clients. Throughout your journey, you will report to experienced accomplished professionals who will provide mentorship and guidance as you contribute to impactful projects.
The Role:As an intern, you will have the unique opportunity to learn and grow through hands-on experiences. Your role will involve utilizing our cutting-edge software to develop innovative solutions together with more experienced consultants. Working on internal initiatives and exciting use cases, you will gain a deeper understanding of the team needs and tailor solutions to fit those requirements.Participation in team meetings and workshops will offer valuable insights into the decision-making process within the company. As you navigate a fast-paced environment, you will learn how to adapt quickly to changes and effectively prioritize tasks.
The work youll do:

Conduct sessions with experienced consultants to discuss ongoing projects and receive guidance on improving best practices and problem-solving techniques.
Attend and actively contribute to team meetings and workshops and provide valuable input during decision-making discussions.
Embrace a fast-paced work environment by effectively managing time and tasks, ensuring that milestones are met and deliverables are completed within deadlines.
Assist in gathering and organizing relevant data from various sources, ensuring data accuracy and consistency for analysis.
Conduct exploratory data analysis, utilizing Celonis and other tools to uncover trends, patterns and insights.
Help develop and maintain KPIs to track the success of project initiatives and provide data-driven recommendations for optimization.

The qualifications you need:

Student of mathematics, business informatics, economics or a comparable degree program with outstanding performance
Know-how in Business Intelligence and data analytics
Interest in working with customers and awesome presentation and communication skills
Experience in programming, working with databases and ETL
Knowledge in SQL or related database query languages
Demonstrate initiative, work independently and think outside of the box to the main characteristics you feature and seek in a job
Fluent in English (German and any additional language is a plus)
At least 5 months of full-time availability

 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices