






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
At Celonis Academy, we strive for excellence in learning. We are proud winners of the 2023 Brandon Hall Gold Award in the Excellence in Best Customer Training Program category! With more than 200.000 learners worldwide consuming the content Celonis Academy creates, you will be challenged to identify localization needs, and translate courses and exams for our partners and customers. As a localisation manager, you will report to Team Lead - Online training. You will work with various subject matter experts to provide the training materials in the local languages. Through our feedback channel, you will directly see the impact of your work! You will analyze qualitative and quantitative data to continually improve the courses.
The Role:As Localization Managers, you will be part of the Celonis Academy team. You will work with various subject matter experts to create and translate highly interactive online training content on a large variety of topics. In the process of translation, you will ensure that localized training is adapted to specific cultures and user preferences.
The work youll do:

Translate Celonis Academy training materials, such as courses, hands-on exercises and exams, from English to the target language (German  Spanish)
Review and post-edit machine translated training materials
Perform linguistic quality and functionality checks based on the feedback from the learners
Maintain and update language-specific tools such as translation memory, glossary, and other relevant documentation
Onboard and train stakeholders across Celonis on localization processes and best practices
Provide input and feedback for continuous improvement of translation processes

The qualifications you need:

Native-speaker level of proficiency in English, German and Spanish
Study in field of translation, linguistics, communication or similar
Work in a structured manner and quickly comprehend new topics and interrelationships
Put the learner at the center of everything you do
Experience with authoring tools is a plus (e.g. Articulate Rise, Camtasia)
Experience with Translation Management Systems is a plus (e.g. Transifex, Smartling, GlobalLink, SDLX)

 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices