






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
This role will report to the Senior Director of Technical Accounting  External Reporting.  This role is part of the wider Finance organization at Celonis.
The Role:
We are seeking an International Statutory Reporting Manager to assist in performing all aspects of statutory filings and global reporting requirements.  This role is responsible for overseeing and ensuring the accuracy and compliance of statutory financial reporting for Celonis in various countries. The role requires a deep understanding of international accounting standards, local regulations, and excellent communication skills to collaborate with finance teams in different regions.
The work youll do:

Ensure the timely and accurate preparation and submission of statutory financial reports for all international entities
Stay updated on international accounting standards and compliance requirements and assess their impact on statutory reports
Manage the external audit process for international entities, working closely with auditors to provide necessary documentation and resolve audit issues
Identify potential risks and areas of improvement in statutory reporting processes and implement necessary controls to mitigate them
Participate in special projects and ad-hoc requests as needed.

The qualifications you need:

Degree in Accounting, Finance, or related field.
At least 4 to 6 years of relevant work experience
Big 4 experience strongly preferred
Must have experience working with statutory financial statements
Experience with US GAAP and IFRS is a plus
Prior SaaSSoftware industry experience a plus
Strong sense of integrity, responsibility, and accountability

 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices