






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Role:
Being a global hyper-growth leader in process mining technology, our goal at Celonis is to establish our Intelligent Business Cloud as a standard SaaS solution in any company. 
Celonis is looking for a Software Engineer to support the development of multiple exciting projects, for example, the new architecture for our EMS Provisioning pipeline.
The  team:

You will be part of the Provisioning  Licensing (PL) team, taking care of latency-sensitive internal APIs for automatically creating new tenants based on customer data as well as our internal Feature  Configuration system (like a car configurator, just for microservices!)
Your team consists of backend engineers, an engineering manager, a product owner, and a QA engineer
Your team is a central internal team with many touchpoints with other engineering teams as well as business teams like Licensing Management
Using OKRs, the team shapes its own goals and priorities

The Tech Stack

Our applications are written using Java 17, Spring Boot and are running on Kubernetes
Our main datastore is Postgres. We also use Redis for caching and there is an ongoing effort to shift to a distributed SQL database where applicable
The Provisioning  Licensing team is using new  modern modular monolithic application with strongly enforced boundaries between the modules
Writing deployment files with the help of Kustomize and deploying our applications with Github CI and ArgoCD
Datadog for metrics, logs and as APM tool
Sonarcloud for ensuring code quality

The work youll do:

Take ownership of significant portions of the development process from design to delivery. You build it, you own it!
Create robust and sustainable software applications based on the defined specifications, actively contributing to their refinement or defining them yourself
Ability to work autonomously on daily tasks with minimal supervision
Monitoring of our applications as ongoing activity. As central application we have defined latency SLAs on which we need to keep an eye
Ensure high software quality standards are maintained throughout the development process, including code testing, review, and optimization.
Document processes, concepts, and insights, fostering a knowledge-sharing and collaborative culture within the team

The qualifications you need:

3 years of professional experience building Java applications
Strong communication skills in English
Passion for clean and understandable code
Good understanding of Spring frameworks
Familiar with containerization technologies (i.e. Docker)
Experience with REST APIs andor distributed micro-service architecture
Experience in writing and setting up tests (unit and integration tests)
Nice to have: experience with monitoring and log analysis capabilities (i.e. DataDog)
Nice to have: experience with Angular or other Javascript frameworks.
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices