






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 








Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 


The Team:
Solution Architects are part of our Customer Technical Onboarding team and are responsible for onboarding customers onto the Celonis platform and ensuring the necessary technical components are in place for customers to drive value with Celonis. This role sits within our Celonis Services and works closely with Celonis CoEs to deliver a successful customer journey. Working in this ever-growing team provides a great opportunity to make a big impact!
The Role:
As a Senior Solutions Architect, you are an integral part of our project teams and are one of the first touchpoints our customers will have with Celonis. In order for our customers to realize value, you will drive the technical setup needed for our customers to benefit from all the features and functionalities that Celonis has to offer, such as process mining, execution management, process automation, and task mining. As every customer environment is different, you will be the main point of contact for digesting the technical requirements from the customer to understand whats needed for successful integrations to their source systems. You also will lead conversations about user management and authentication and will act as a technical liaison to the customer to ensure there are no technical barriers to user adoption.
The work youll do:

Work with enterprise customers as part of the customer value journey and perform the technical onboarding process of Celonis
Technical discussions with customers to identify key system architecture components; propose and help customers build solutions that unblock deployments
Establish real-time integrations to customer source systems via APIs and Celonis internal integration solutions
Advise customers of authentication and usergroup management and provisioning solutions for the Celonis platform
Eliminate any technical barriers to user adoption of Celonis

The qualifications you need:

Proven experience of 8 years in industry with experience to work on Python, ETL, SQL.
Solid experience with project management, outstanding customer-centric  proven experience working with customers.
Experience  interest in working with modern tech stack  methods like RESTSOAP API-Management, Data Ingestion  Streaming, SSO, LDAP, IT Security, Python, Agile, etc.
Experience with SQL  Python as well as with data pipelines  ETL processes for large volumes of data.
Knowledgeable about security and compliance topics for enterprise applications
A solution-oriented professional that enjoys deep technical discussions as much as transferring your technical knowledge into understandable terms to a broader audience
Experience with at least one of the major cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP) would be a plus
Strong communication skills


About Us
Celonis reveals and fixes inefficiencies businesses cant see, enabling them to perform at levels they never thought possible. Powered by its market-leading process mining core, the Celonis Execution Management System provides a full set of platform capabilities for business executives and users to eliminate billions in corporate inefficiencies, provide better customer experience and reduce carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 23 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices