






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team
Come join us on the ground floor on a team led by experienced ex-FAANG coworkers dedicated to developing state-of-the-art technology for Celonis products. The team creates foundational solutions such as a mining engine that enables our customers to interactively execute process mining over enterprise-sized data sets, as well as innovative object-centric modeling tools that empower users to perform process-oriented business analysis in a natural and powerful way. In order to handle the strong growth of our customer base and their demands, we are heavily investing in performance and scalability to ensure that our platform scales efficiently and dynamically in a multi-cloud environment.
Join us if you want to grow in your engineering knowledge, your career and leave your mark on a rapidly growing company.
The Role
We are looking for senior backend developers who enjoy building systems with the capability to manage big data. Within our Object-Centric Process Mining team, we are looking for a senior Java software engineer, who develops and implements new features and algorithms to support the digital transformation of our core platform to a novel object-centric paradigm.
The work youll do

Design and implement critical high-performance systems to handle the ever-growing request rate on our backend infrastructure
Evangelize best practices in database usage and end-to-end architecture
Set an example for and mentor and grow your teammates
Recognize and take action to improve the developer work environment
Write clean, understandable, and testable code
Provide feedback on the designs and code of peers
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables
Document development procedures, concepts and knowledge
Build, launch, and maintain features in production
Help define a fun and inclusive engineering culture

The qualifications you need

BS in Computer science; Masters or Ph.D. preferred
3 years of hands-on software engineering experience
Experienced in programming with Java
Good understanding of Spring frameworks
Familiar with containerization technologies (i.e. Docker, Kubernetes)
The base salary range below is for the role in the specified location, based on a Full Time Schedule. Total compensation package will include base salary  bonuscommission  equity  benefits (health, dental, life, 401k, and paid time off). Please note that the base salary range is a guideline, and that the actual total compensation offer will be determined based on various factors, including, but not limited to, applicants qualifications, skills, experiences, and location.The base salary range below is for the role in California, based on a Full Time Schedule.  150,000—183,000 USDWhat Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices