






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:Sustainability at Celonis is one of our core values: because Earth Is Our Future! We support global companies to remove carbon and inefficiency from business processes, leveraging the capabilities of the Execution Management System. The diverse and international sustainability team is at the forefront, creating innovative solutions for our customers and our company.
We are leading by example, not only moving toward sustainable Celonis operations and setting science-based reduction targets  but also as Celonauts. As agents of change we engage in meaningful activities to create a positive impact in our communities through our company-wide Impact Days, educational initiatives and employee-led activities across the globe.
Led by the Global Head of Sustainability but working horizontally with various departments, the sustainability team offers the freedom to grow and shape solutions to the biggest challenges of our time - in a fun and dynamic environment.
As green entrepreneurs, we are characterized by four core competencies: 

Leading with green expertise and an understanding of sustainable practices, as well as role-specific skills cultivated through curiosity and continuous learning 
Solving complex problems by analyzing with thought, challenging the status quo, and adopting a system-thinking approach
Making impact happen through operational excellence, pragmatism, team spirit, creativity, and sustainable performance
Dreaming big and driving change through a strong sense of ownership, the right stakeholders, and a drive for excellence

 
The Role:As the program manager for our Governance pillar, you work closely with the Head of Sustainability as well as stakeholders in Legal, Compliance  Risk Management to ensure regulatory compliance and risk management and prepare ESG reporting for Celonis. You define state-of-the art approaches to sustainability governance based on the regulatory landscape. You set up, govern and execute a comprehensive governance program and improve the status quo. Under your lead, Celonis obtains important certifications and assessments and responds strongly to external requests. You lead the creation of the annual sustainability report and ensure regulatory compliance. Lastly, you contribute your expertise to the development and sales of our sustainability solution suite. As a trusted expert you contribute ideas, develop strategy, guide internal stakeholders and empower the organisation to act. 
As a Pre-IPO hypergrowth company, Celonis offers exciting challenges in implementing a global sustainability strategy, lots of green space, ambition and great vision and opportunity.

The work youll do:
 

Assess, define and implement state-of-the art approaches to sustainability governance (eg. materiality, policy management and creation, reporting frameworks, risk management and more). Set up, govern and execute a comprehensive governance program.
Monitor the regulatory landscape for ESG and conduct risk assessments in collaboration with stakeholders. Enable stakeholders on regulatory gaps and take action to improve the status quo.
Evaluate certification needs and ensure proper external responses to questionnaires and assessments in the context of supply due diligence regulation (EcoVadis, IntegrityNext) and climate regulation (CDP). Focus on scalability of responses through automation and stakeholder enablement. 
Lead the creation of the annual public sustainability report in collaboration with all internal stakeholders (framework, content collection, certification, etc.). 
Share expertise, support cross-team initiatives and contribute strongly to the compliant development and sales of our sustainability solution suite (incl. creation of assets on regulations, assessment of auditability and customer interactions).
Contribute to the global sustainability strategy and shape the governance pillar from the start.


The qualifications you need:

3 years experience in governance program management for sustainability or auditing of sustainability reports, programmes or tools; ideally in a Pre-IPO environment; sustainability consulting or legal experience is valuable.
Strong knowledge of the regulatory landscape for ESG and ability to keep track of new developments globally.
Specific experience in ESG reporting and overseeing the creation of a public sustainability report.
Experience in responding to assessments, certifications or questionnaires in the context of supply chain regulations (EcoVadis, IntegrityNext).
Strong organizational skills, excellent oversight and strong sense for accuracy and documentation (auditors mindset)
A solid understanding of business sustainability challenges (climate change, CO2 measurement, SDG, regulatory frameworks) and available solutions with the aspiration to become a domain expert one day proven through your work experience or private endeavors.
Have a first understanding of process mining and initial ideas about how process mining could be applied to help companies overcome sustainability challenges. 
Ability to develop and maintain value-driven, productive relationships with customers and partners, as well as internal stakeholders.
Passionate about helping companies solve business and sustainability challenges. You are intellectually curious, have a willingness to learn, and continuously seek self-improvement.
Strong communication skills, with business sponsors, technical resources, and customers; fluency in both spoken and written English (other languages are a bonus!).
Entrepreneurial mindset and driven to succeed in a fast-paced environment.
Critical thinking and analytical mindset with a preference to solve problems pragmatically and with high quality.
Ability to collaborate, partner, and work effectively and smoothly in a hyper-growth company in an international team, including collaborating with team members in a remote setting.
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices