






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team: 
The Global Customer Advocacy team is committed to inspiring lifelong trusted value partnerships with our customers. We strive to create and maintain a culture committed to active advocacy that transforms stories and advocates into a source of mutual value generation. 
We strategically source and activate exceptional customer stories that inspire audiences, support Celonis business priorities, and bolster and differentiate our value proposition. By bringing to life the stories our customers are most proud of, we support the channels that drive awareness of the Celonis brand, accelerate  prospects conversion into new customers, expand the usage of our technology within existing customers, and grow our global customer community. This is Celonis Customer Advocacy.
The Role:
Everything starts with a story (and a storyteller). As a Customer Advocacy Manager for the DACH region, you will play an essential role in sourcing and activating customer stories and individual speakers at scale. You must be a highly organized, ambitious, self-starter who is prepared for the fast paced world of a hyper growth software company. By partnering with customer value engineers, go-to-market teams  and content producers,  you will be responsible for sourcing a continuous pipeline of customer stories and individual advocates that will fuel our marketing, sales, demand generation, and global event efforts. You will be focused on building customer relationships and content by selling customers on opportunities that promote both their own expertise as well as the benefits of Celonis. Your focus will be on customers in the DACH region, a key strategic area for our company which was born in Munich. 
Highlights of what you will be doing: 

Develop lasting relationships with internal stakeholders and customers in the DACH region to source a strong pipeline of customer stories and individual advocates.
Build a strong rapport with customers and assist with curating and nurturing post-sales relationships with the goal of creating Celonis advocates and positive customer experiences
Coach customers and internal stakeholders to craft compelling stories focused on mutual value generation
Create a scalable and repeatable process to identify and nurture active advocacy targets aligned with business priorities
Ensure delivery of targeted customer stories and individual advocates for marketing, major events, ARPR, and sales references
Drive internal planning, communication and reporting to provide transparency to key stakeholders on customer advocacy pipeline and upcoming requests

The qualifications you need: 

8 years experience in a customer advocacy, customer marketing, customer success or other customer-facing role with a track record of executing on demands in a fast-paced environment
Customer-facing experience in the enterprise software space highly preferred
Proven track record of effectively working with customers and internal stakeholders across marketing, sales, and delivery to build strong relationships and deliver on outcomes
Strategic and analytical thinker that can see beyond the day-to-day activities to help reach marketing and sales goals, and gather data and metrics to improve outcomes
Highly organized, outcomes-oriented, efficient and expedient under ambitious timelines
Experience managing peer review programs for platforms such as Gartner Peer Insights, G2, TrustRadius 
Demonstrated record of operational accomplishment and exceeding KPIs
Self-motivated, a strong attention to detail and process, and able to work independently and proactively
Excellent analytical, problem solving, and project management skills
Fluent in English and German 
Love learning and driving the process of bringing a story to life 
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices