






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
 
The Team:
Join the Celonis Types  Transformations team and become part of a game-changing mission to maximize value realization for our customers! Our goal is to not only identify but realize the full potential of the EMS through our advanced data object-centric modeling techniques. Were dedicated to making our solutions a critical part of our customers operations, with measurable business impact. This role will be based in our Darmstadt, Germany office so being local to the area or relocation is required. 
The Role:
As an Associate Frontend Engineer at Celonis, your responsibility is to find the best technical solutions by applying frontend technologies to deliver a unique product, Celonis EMS (Execution Management System). 
Working at Celonis, you will have a great impact on companies around the globe as they will improve their working processes to, for example, save money, become more efficient, and even reduce CO2 Pollution, delivering a healthier planet for future generations.
We are at the frontier of frontend engineering, pushing the frontend boundaries to make our EMS platform a reality, by developing new frontend infrastructures to support our extensible  widget based ambition of our product, SDKs and libraries for external developers like our partners, design system to keep all our products with the same look  feel, etc. Hence, if you want to be challenged in frontend and push the boundaries of whats already done, Celonis is the tech environment for you to thrive.
At Celonis we work with Agile methodologies. 
Our tech stack is: Angular 16, Typescript 3, HTML5  SASS. 
We develop using SOLID principles and focusing on performance.
The work youll do:

Create highly performant and scalable components and improve our existing widgets and components
Write clean, understandable, and testable code
Work on complex Angular topics and architectures
Develop features to enhance other developers working environment
Optimize app performance and maintain the existing resources
Contribute and extend our Core architecture with Angular
Drive performance optimisation as we render high amounts of data
Play an active role in product discussions, influencing the roadmap and user experience.

The qualifications you need:

University degree in computer science or equivalent knowledge
Fluent in both the English and German languages
Basic experience in Frontend Development 
Experience with Angular, TypeScriptJavaScript, HTML5, CSSSCSS 
Passion to develop UX focused web apps
Familiarity with data structures and algorithms, profiling and optimisation
Experience in writing and setting up tests (unit and integration tests) as well as with JS module bundlers such as Webpack
Good communication skills

 
 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices