






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team
At Celonis, we have a variety of different frontend challenges ranging from building forms, components, and pages for our products, reusable components, component libraries, design systems, micro frontend architectures, and highly optimized visualizations that render big data, frontend SDKs, etc. Your team will be part of the broader Madrid engineering organization.
This role is in partnership with the AI and Machine Learning team based in New York and California (CeloAI). You and your team will be working closely and primarily with the CeloAI team to develop innovative frontend user experiences and product features to bring the intelligent platform capabilities provided by the CeloAI team to Celonis customers.The Role
As an Engineering Manager, youll be responsible for leading a small and focused team to execute a defined mission, managing the careers of the team members and their performance, and actively fostering successful group dynamics to help the team accomplish their mission.
Engineering Managers ensure that their teams have a manageable level of technical complexity and that they are working collaboratively with adjacent teams.  They also jointly define goalsOKRs with other stakeholders that contribute to larger strategic efforts. 
Engineering Managers work largely independently on defining the scope and impact of their team, and their leadership influence should be evident across multiple groups in addition to their own. When working closely with related teams, they should help support the team health and objectives of those related teams as well as their own.
Engineering Managers at this level possess the technical judgment and decision making expected of Software Engineers at any level, often making technical contributions that have a direct impact on the teams mission. 
As the manager of a small and focused team, you will have a chance to directly contribute to technical components through technical design, design review, code review, or (optionally) coding yourselves
The work youll do

Lead the team to successfully deliver to their mission - manage the performance and support the career development of senior and upper-mid-level engineers
Contribute technically within the teams scope in close collaboration with the backend AIML teams
Collaborate with Product Managers and other leads on goals and strategies around people, technology, and processes
Build and maintain an engineering culture of trust, ownership, and collaboration within the team as well as the department
Advocate for the (whole) team; provides upward and outward visibility of the team and their work.

The qualifications you need

Previous experience in an Engineering Manager or technical leadership position (usually 2 years of proven experience leading project and people)
Ready to roll up your sleeves to contribute technically (contribute with time coding)
Strong technical knowledge (usually 5 years of experience in software engineering is expected)
Experience working with JavaScript, Typescript, Angular. (Knowledge of Java, Spring framework, microservices, cloud providers, Kubernetes, CICD, .. is also highly appreciated)
Experience working in the fields of AI, Machine Learning, Process Mining is a plus, but not necessarily, you will get a lot of opportunities to learn!
Knowledge around Agile concepts (e.g. Scrum, Kanban, Continuous Delivery)
Ability to lead and make decisions to define the road ahead
Ability to resolve technical conflicts when necessary, fostering a positive environment for escalations
Strong communication skills (English language), allowing you to collaborate smoothly with people across the business and technical domains

 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices