






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Role:
As a Value Engineer, you are spearheading our mission of data-driven business transformation with our customers within High Tech, Telecommunications and Media. You will work in partnership with the Celonis Sales Teams and have full responsibility for the end-to-end value journey of our customers. You are our customers trusted advisor and help them achieve their strategic goals and realize significant value using Celonis EMS. In collaboration with our partners and Celonis Services, you will drive measurable business impact across various processes and industries and accelerate the adoption of our platform. You will blend deep process and industry expertise with a proven consulting skill set with strong analytical skills at the forefront of one of the fastest-growing tech companies worldwide.
The work youll do:
Identify  Frame Value

Discover and translate customers strategic priorities into high-impact Celonis use cases
Build demos and business cases, leveraging industry benchmarks and best practices in order to win new customers
Undertake Value Assessments or Proof-of-Value Projects and communicate the value opportunity and strategic roadmap to C-Level executives

Realize Value

Facilitate business value workshops and use Celonis to identify and qualify opportunities for process enhancement
Derive improvement measures in core business functions and initiate improvement actions and enterprise-wide change initiatives
Present results and realized value to senior management and C-level executives

Scale Value

Responsible for the end-to-end customer value journey, landing, expanding, adoption and renewing
Build a strategic expansion roadmap for customers embedding Celonis EMS as a strategic business transformation platform in their organization and therefore drive adoption and expansion
Provide feedback to our product development teams to enhance the Celonis platform and Apps based on new use cases

The qualifications you need:

Value Selling Methodology: You have advanced knowledge and experience following the Celonis value selling methodology alongside the customer journey: including discovery, qualification, value assessment and PoVs, and demonstrate the full value potential of Celonis EMS
Product Expertise: You are an expert in guiding the customers IT team throughout their EMS journey, demonstrating hands-on the power of EMS and accelerating value realization by building dashboards, Apps, Action Flows
Value Realization: You have advanced knowledge and expertise in identifying and prioritising use cases, implementing improvement measures and becoming a change agent for the customer by establishing an operating model and training users for the customer to realize value and renewexpand their subscription with Celonis
Project Management: You are able to plan and manage project scope, expectations and timelines. You will need to manage multiple projects across your aligned accounts that will be at different parts of the value journey. Also, you will leverage partners from the Celonis Ecosystem wherever possible.
Executive Stakeholder Management: Proven experience in preparing and communicating results to stakeholders and management, both internally and externally.
Domain Expertise: Leverage your advanced business domain expertise, such as in Finance or Supply Chain as well as strategic transformation initiatives (e.g. Shared Services Transformation or System Transformation) and build a compelling value roadmap for the customer
Industry Expertise: You have advanced industry expertise and a proven ability to develop a deep understanding of industry trends and strategic opportunities of the C-Suite and build an integrated Celonis EMS roadmap

 The base salary range below is for the role in the specified location, based on a Full Time Schedule. Total compensation package will include base salary  bonuscommission  equity  benefits (health, dental, life, 401k, and paid time off). Please note that the base salary range is a guideline, and that the actual total compensation offer will be determined based on various factors, including, but not limited to, applicants qualifications, skills, experiences, and location.The base salary range below is for the role in New York, based on a Full Time Schedule.  108,000—158,000 USDThe base salary range below is for the role in the specified location, based on a Full Time Schedule. Total compensation package will include base salary  bonuscommission  equity  benefits (health, dental, life, 401k, and paid time off). Please note that the base salary range is a guideline, and that the actual total compensation offer will be determined based on various factors, including, but not limited to, applicants qualifications, skills, experiences, and location.The base salary range below is for the role in California, based on a Full Time Schedule.  111,000—165,000 USDWhat Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices