






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
At Celonis, we recognize that the impact of external suppliers on our product and business is crucial to our success. Researching, negotiating and managing the full suppliers lifecycle allows us to optimize our supplier base and spend volumes which enables the business success. To deliver on our ambitious goals we need a highly organised working student with a passion for procurement, contract and supplier management. We are responsible for strategic sourcing activities in the categories Software, Services and Marketing and in your role, you will work closely with the whole team and get full insights in the P2P operations.
We are looking for someone self-motivated, and eager to leave their mark, learn best practices, and bring a fresh perspective and outlook to the team!
The Role:
You will support the procurement team to ensure a smooth and compliant sourcing operation. As an integral part of the team, you will be involved in various daily topics as well as strategic projects such as stakeholder communication, contract lifecycle management and supplier management (compliance assessments, ESG assessments, internal supplier reviews, etc.)
The work youll do:

Work in an international team with experienced procurement professionals 
Support the procurement category managers with internal stakeholder communication 
Preparation of procurement reporting (credit card overviews, spend under management etc.)
Administer requests related to the process enhancements of Operational Procurement
Maintenance of our contract lifecycle management system Docusign CLM 
Support environmental, social, governance (ESG) supplier assessments via our tools IntergrityNext and Ecovadis
Support with supplier reviews in close collaboration with the third party risk management team 
Take on the opportunity to develop and drive your own procurement projects or help with other strategic projects

The qualifications you need:

Pursuing a full-time bachelors degree (rising Junior or Senior) in Business Administration, International Management, Economics, Supply Chain Management, Innovation Management, or similar 
Strong affinity to numbers
Excellent administrative and organizational skills
Proficiency in all Microsoft Office applications, any other system experience is a plus
Structured and reliable working style with an eye for details  
Strong analytical, problem solver abilities to navigate ambiguous environments 
Experience with working with a team and effective communication skills

 What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices