






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
Our Partner Management function is central to our growth strategy as we aim to place Celonis Execution Management system on every consultants laptop and maximize the value our clients can realize with our technology through our partner ecosystem.  Building the Partner ecosystem in the DACH  market is of primary importance as our partners and customers rapidly invest in our technology.   For that role we seek a Sr. Partner Manager to join our team to further develop our ecosystem strategy and manage the regional partnerships (Big 4, Global SIs and Regional SIs).                          
The Role: 
Reporting to the Head of Partner Management DACH the Senior Partner Manager will be responsible for a key strategic global Systems Integrator.  This person will have the principal responsibility for delivering against the revenue goals for this partnership in the DACH Region and to further build out and strengthen our existing strategic partnership. This includes managing ongoing joint sales engagements as well as expending the partnership into new Service Lines and Industry Verticals. Responsibilities include teaming with key Stakeholders building out a business plan for DACH which will include target verticals and solutions, targeted incremental revenue, enablement, joint lead generation and leading joint technology and services initiatives as well as an action plan. In your role as a Senior Partner Manager you work closely with the global team and the regional sales organization to deliver joint objectives.
The work youll do:

Support your partner in their go-to-market activities (business planning, pipeline development, QBR, marketing, sales activities across different Go-To-Market options).
Develop and execute a holistic Partner strategy for the DACH market to achieve assigned sales goals (typically Influenced revenueCo-sell and direct revenue).
Ensure successful execution of the business plan by developing and managing relationships across functional areas within the partner.
Plan and manage go-to-market initiatives with the partner in DACH as well as market and partner enablement activities together with other Celonis departments as required
Work with the partner to expand the partnership into new strategic areas (new Service Lines and Industry Verticals).
Build and manage relationships with key stakeholders (typically PartnerManaging Director).
Organize and execute events with and for our partner community.
Pitch value proposition of Celonis partnership on all levels (up to C-Level).
Ensure alignment of all relevant stakeholders on pursues in joint accounts

The qualifications you need:

5-8 years of relevant work experience in the area of partner management, sales or business development with Big 4 firms, Global SIs or regional SIs.
The ability to excite others and build strong relationships on an Executive level.
Combine the ability to develop a holistic strategy and work on operational day to day tasks to execute that strategy and grow our partnerships.
Strong sales mindset and you are Team-oriented  entrepreneurial
Studies in Business Administration  Economics  Information Systems is a preference
Ideally a strong network within Consulting and System Integrator companies.
Strong communication skills, verbal  written in German  and English
Openness to travel (25) in DACH and partly globally
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices