






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team
Celonis Consulting Services is a strategic services organisation that focuses on the technical aspects of our customers journeys, which includes Consulting Services, Academy and Customer Support. We are thought leaders with deep product, technical and domain expertise and focus on delivering Celonis implementations and driving product adoption for our customers. We achieve this by bringing together our best practices, delivery experience, award-winning enablement, and support expertise.
The Role:
As a Consultant, you will be  part of our agile project teams who accelerate our customers digital transformation and drive Celonis international expansion. To generate high-value use cases, you will work closely with our customers. You will perform data transformations, develop analyses and derive business cases. You will develop data-driven process insights and actions. You will implement the newest features and functionalities of the Celonis software, such as Process Automation, Task Mining and Machine Learning.  
The work youll do:
Discover

Be a key player in our agile Celonis implementation project teams, delivering optimal solutions that meet customer needs and solve pain points.
Design creative analyses and execution apps with a focus on incorporating Machine Learning algorithms and Task Mining to increase process transparency.
Leverage Celonis technology to uncover process inefficiencies and understand root causes through close collaboration with customers.

Enhance

Facilitate value creation workshops and align measures to improve process inefficiencies 
Quantify the business and financial potential and present insights to management
Implement Celonis Process Automation technology to streamline customer processes, increase value, and enhance process conformance rates.

Monitor

Implement KPIs to measure customer success and enable continuous process improvement.
Ensure customer enablement to continuously improve processes
Set the foundations of the long-term customer success journey

About You

You live for customer value, have a passion for driving the Celonis Process Mining Technology forward and a visionary mindset.
You have a growth mindset and strive for a job that encourages you to continuously expand your knowledge and think creatively.

The qualifications you need:

Min. 2-3 years working experience in IT-Consulting, Management Consulting, Process Improvement or a similar area 
Proficiency with SQL or other programming languages (Python, R, Matlab...) and a strong interest in Big Data, Data Mining, and Process Mining
Experience with any types of process related software is a plus
Excellent analytical skills, well organised and known for being a quick learner
Strong communication skills and enjoy interacting with various customers to understand and interpret business processes
Successfully completed your studies in Business Informatics, Computer Science, Information-oriented Business Administration Economics, Mathematics or a comparable degree program
Fluency in English

What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (stock options, pension plan, generous time off, family leave from day one, and more)
Mental well-being support (mindfulness tools, virtual events, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

LI-EB1What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices