






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
In this role you will be reporting to the Head of HR, EMEA South and LATAM based in Madrid. You will collaborate closely with our HR Business Partner(s) and be part of the EMEA PC Team consisting of regional and global HRBPs and HR Generalists helping Celonis to successfully grow. Furthermore, you will collaborate closely with your colleagues across the global People  Culture Team. 
The Role:
In this role, you will work on a wide range of international HR management topics to design, optimize and implement diverse HR processes and projects in the region. Your daily tasks include the entire range of operational and project HR work in an international context. You will act as the first point of contact to employees in France for all HR-related matters.  You must have a good understanding of the different local employment laws including French labor legislation.
The work youll do:

You will look after the employees on personnel-related and legal issues from onboarding to departure, including internal mobility
You will support our global HRBPs in the execution of the business PC strategy with first level managers and solve country HR topics. 
You will partner with 1st line leaders and work on people programs, performance issues and give administrative support in various HR topics.
You will create documents such as contract changes and job references as well as reports and analyses in collaboration with our People Operations
You are responsible for HR compliance and knowledge of handling employee relations, performance and disciplinary issues in France with support from your manager (not well-versed with French labor legislation).
You will support in enabling new and existing benefits
You support in ensuring labor risk prevention
You will own defined processes and act as SME for the team in collaboration with People Operations. This includes refining the process to make it better and increase automation.   
You support the yearly performance reviews

The qualifications you need:

A university degree in the fields of business administration, social sciences, law or psychology, ideally with focus on HR Management
2-3 years of experience in a similar role in France, ideally in a rapidly growing constantly changing environment
Knowledge and hands on experience with French labor legislation and strong interest in related topics
Hands-on mentality, independent way of working, high reliability and ability to work in a team
Experience working with HRM tools (ideally Workday)
Business fluency in English and French are must haves

 
Please submit your rsum in English for consideration.What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices