






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
We are a young team of process mining RD engineers that like to work hands-on and create new process mining solutions and algorithms. The Celonis Process Mining Innovation (PMI) team focuses on developing best-in-class process mining algorithms that allow us to keep pushing the boundaries of our platform.
The Role:You will gain experience in industrial process mining RD work focusing on Object Centric Process Mining (OCPM). OCPM is a novel, multidimensional type of process mining that has quickly established itself as being process mining of the future. In your role as a working student, you support the PMI team in achieving breakthrough innovations in OCPM algorithms. 
The work youll do:

Work closely with the PMI team  to understand the current state-of-art of OCPM and to define new valuable solutions
Use ProcessSphere hands-on to develop new, innovative solutions in the area of 


Use Celonis ProcessSphere hands-on to develop new, innovative solutions in the area of OCPM
Collaborate with platform product managers and engineers to guide and influence feature development of OCPM at Celonis
Work together with our UX team to define the user experience 

The qualifications you need:

Student of computer science  data science  mathematics  business informatics or of a comparable program at RWTH
Hands-on experience with process mining, data analytics, or business Intelligence tools such as PowerBI, Tableau or Qlik
First experiences in programming, working with databases, and ETL
Working independently and thinking out of the box  are among the main characteristics you feature and seek in a job
Experience with SAP  Oracle  other ERP systems is a plus
Strong communication skills and interest in interacting with potential customers
Very good knowledge of spoken and written English (German is a plus)
Available from January 2024 onwards for 6 months
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices