






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
 The Team:We are a positive and dynamic team where you can grow and embrace many exciting opportunities to develop. In this role you are reporting to our Head of Payroll  HR Administration EMEA  APJ based in Munich. The function works and collaborates with multiple other Global  functions.
The Role:Currently we are on an exciting adventure of changing the operating model , where one of the objectives is to shift external Payroll providers to a global solution. If you  join our team, you will take co-responsibility for our DACH region.
The work youll do:

Preparation of payroll ensuring the correct and timely processing of payroll in collaboration with our external payroll vendors,
Payroll Onboarding and offboarding of new employees,
Preparation of certificates, and other payroll documents,
Acting as the liaison between Celonis and authorities, social security funds and health insurance,
Maintaining and updating our Celobase as well as employee personal files,
Pulling system reports,
Support the digitalization of our documents and processes for your colleagues, 
You are the first point of contact for inquiries regarding payroll, vacation, parental leave, etc.
Partner with various department stakeholders to identify solutions that enhance and drive the overall business strategy,
Proactively identify opportunities for process improvement and work with other functions to design and implement enhancements,
Play a central role in advancing and optimizing the payroll ways of working. 
Support in the design, implementation, and accelerated adoption of innovative process enhancement and change initiatives.
Preparing documentation, presentations, standardad-hoc reporting and analysis, draft communication and distribution using various channels . 

The qualifications you need;

You are knowledgeable  about labor code and payroll in Germany - to provide support  for our Celonauts and Managers when it comes to country specifics (end to end employee life cycle),
With your highly structured, well-organized, and independent working style, you will ensure that all your tasks and processes run smoothly from an organizational and administrative perspective,
To be successful, youll need to think outside the box, find creative ways to approach a problem and innovative solutions to deliver the highest-quality results.
You use a consultative approach with excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, focused on efficiency, streamlining, and challenging the current way of working,
Multitasking comes naturally to you, and you handle also thematically different tasks precisely, reliably, and with ease,
You are highly flexible, reliable, and motivated, and keep a cool head even in difficult situations,
You can work effectively in a global virtual environment, with strong customer focus, and excellent interpersonal and teaming skills,
Typically requires a minimum of 3-5 years of related experience with a bachelors degree; or a masters degree; 
Youre having a good knowledge of office tools (google environment, payroll system, HRIS systems, etc.)
Youve excellent written and spoken German and English skills
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices