






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
Within the Ecosystem Solutions and Success department, our mission is to provide a world-class experience to our most strategic partners through their entire partner journey. With cross-functional teams, we jointly drive organizational integration, plan for success and value creation, ensure market activation across the globe, develop innovative solutions, foster enablement, hence, we are setting the foundation for a guided journey to success and joint exponential growth. 
As an Ecosystem Consultant, you will be joining the Ecosystem Consulting team supporting our top strategic partners to implement Celonis software and create innovative solutions and business value by using our pioneering Process Mining technology. 
The Role:
As an Ecosystem Consultant, you are an integral member of our agile project teams to accelerate our partners adoption of our solution and drive Celonis international expansion. To generate high-value use cases, you work closely with our partners performing data transformations, conducting analyses, and developing data-driven process insights and actions. Implementing the newest features and functionalities of the Celonis software  such as Business Miner, OCPM, Process Sphere and Machine Learning  you will become an ambassador to the most prestigious consulting firms in the world.
The work youll do:

Strategically shape the way we engage and scale with partners in a highly cross-functional global team 
Lead and co-deliver engagements together with our largest partners end-to-end
Coach partners on the job in critical phases of the project: help them identify strategic use cases, build analyses and generate process improvements and business value for their end customers 
Enable our partners to employ the most advanced product features of the Celonis EMS
Leave your mark on the product or solution and implement your own creative innovative solution to drive value internally and externally

The qualifications you need:
You intrinsically possess a high level of vision and dedication. Your excellent analytical skills in concert with the ability to interpret business processes and stakeholder management enable you to consult partners and customers in jointly generating business value.

5 years of experience in IT Services, Management Consulting, Business Process Reengineering, Digital Transformation or similar areas, with at least one year at a renowned strategy consultancy
Bachelors degree or higher education in Business  Technology, Technology Management, Business Informatics, Computer Science, or similar
Strong ability in critical  strategic thinking and problem solving, helping you to quickly understand business problems and breaking them down into Celonis requirements
Prior experience in working with or at some of the world largest global service integrators such as Accenture, IBM or SAP is a big plus
In depth business process understanding, such as supply chain, financial services, IT service management
Basic knowledge of SQL; experience with other programming languages such as Python, R, MATLAB are highly desired
Excellent analytical skills as well as strong interest andor experience in Big Data, Data Mining, and Process Mining
Strong relationship building and communication skills with the ability to creatively explain and present complex concepts in an easy to understand, persona-oriented manner from technical experts through c-suite
Self-starter, showing strong ownership, are outcome driven and a life-long learner
Thriving in fast-paced, collaborative, and ambiguous environments with various stakeholders
The base salary range below is for the role in the specified location, based on a Full Time Schedule. Total compensation package will include base salary  bonuscommission  equity  benefits (health, dental, life, 401k, and paid time off). Please note that the base salary range is a guideline, and that the actual total compensation offer will be determined based on various factors, including, but not limited to, applicants qualifications, skills, experiences, and location.The base salary range below is for the role in New York, based on a Full Time Schedule.  130,000—180,000 USDWhat Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices