






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
The Platform Infrastructure team builds and scales the cloud platform that Celonis runs on, across multiple Kubernetes clusters and multiple cloud providers. Youll get to sharpen your skills on the latest tech stack in the areas of DevOps tooling, CICD, Containerization, orchestration, and cloud infrastructure as code.
The Role:

Responsible for building and operating a highly available Microservices Cloud platform based on Kubernetes
Design, develop, test, and deploy scalable, secure, and highly available software using best in class technologies
Establish best practices and build tools to drive the use of CICD and the adoption of infrastructureplatform components by engineering teams at Celonis.
Automate operational tasks and infrastructure as code.
Monitor and manage our environments by integrating telemetry and observability into the platform. Maintain best practices around notifications and response processes.
Ownership of various components in a cloud-native landscape.
Implement DevOps infrastructure components and best practices. Deploy CICD pipelines across multiple environments.

The qualifications you need:

Bachelor or masters degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or equivalent practical experience
Experience developingmaintaining Cloud solutions in large Enterprise environments
Experience with at least one of the following cloud providers: AWS, Azure, GCP
Proficiency in Python, Go, or Java
Proficiency in nix
Experience in building highly available, scalable, distributed systems in a Microservices based architecture
A solid grasp of development, automation, and monitoring tools and practices. With the tools that include Kustomize, Datadog, Terraform, Grafana, Ansible, Bash, GitHub Actions.
Hands-on experience with Infrastructure as Code, GitOps, CICD
Working knowledge of Containerization, network protocols, encryption, and security.
Experience operating Kubernetes clusters in production across multiple infrastructures.
Familiarity with working in an agile environment

About Us
Celonis believes that every company can unlock its full execution capacity. Powered by its market-leading process mining core, the Celonis Execution Management System provides a set of applications, and developer studio and platform capabilities for business executives and users to eliminate billions in corporate inefficiencies. Celonis has thousands of global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with 15 offices worldwide.Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Different makes us better. What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices