






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
The Talent Acquisition - Early Professional Hiring Team supports Celonis strong international growth by being responsible for innovative recruitment initiatives to attract and hire the future employees of Celonis. Were not just recruiters, but were candidate experience experts!
The Role:You will partner with Hiring Managers and business unit stakeholders on strategic recruiting and employer branding initiatives. Responsibilities include full lifecycle hiring, setting up innovative sourcing strategies, conducting interviews, fostering a high-touch relationship with candidates, extending offers and setting up the onboarding teams for success.
The work youll do:

Manage the end-to-end recruiting process for your roles, ensuring a smooth and positive candidate experience
Attend workshops, career fairs and events to attract the right candidates
Partner with Recruiters, Hiring Managers and Human Resources to ensure best practice future talent activities
Contribute to hiring processes  procedures, employer branding and organizational planning that will allow the company to scale effectively
Advise and partner with hiring managers on their interview structures and plans

The qualifications you need:

Student of HR, psychology, business administration or of a comparable program
Ideally experience in recruitment, HR or similar
Excellent communication skills and interest in interacting with colleagues, candidates and partners
Characterized by an organized and structured way of working
Very good knowledge of spoken and written English and German
At least 5 months of full-time availability from Oct 2023
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices