






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
As part of the Global ERP Systems team, you will be working closely with partners across our accounting  finance teams to structure data, improve processes, and produce meaningful analytics in our core financial applications. Our team organizes our project work on a Scrum framework to focus on continuous delivery.
The role:
The Senior ERP Engineer supports our end to end financial systems stack, primarily focused on the quote to cash workflow. This person will be responsible for delivering enhancement projects to our existing toolset and providing ongoing support for financeaccounting functions. Our current tools include but are not limited to Zuora, Workday, and our own Celonis applications.
The work youll do

Provide functional and technical expertise to drive solution design
Driving resolution of finance systems ticket backlog
Designing and developing finance systems enhancements
Leading the rollout and adoption of new functionalities like bi-annual releases
Custom report development
Functional oversight of integration design
Communicating the progress of projects to stakeholders
Supporting new software evaluations or updates to existing tools to ensure they meet business requirements

The qualifications you need

1-3 years Experience administeringimplementing Zuora Billing andor Revpro 
Understanding of accounting and finance processes such as InvoicingAR, revenue recognition, month end close, and financial reporting
Proven Project Delivery Experience
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices