






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
You will become part of a dynamic team from a variety of backgrounds that has, above all, three things in common: curiosity, drive and the desire to make an impact. A Strategic Account Executive, you will be based in our fast growing and vibrant Japan office, reporting to our Japan Sales Director.
The work youll do:

Manage a small amount of Strategic Accounts in Japan existing customer and new business perspective.  Land-and-expand is the typical model.
Engage cross Line-of-Business at C-level and below 
Hold an individual revenue target for closing M deals within these accounts
Engage closely with Partners, especially Big4, other consulting firms, local SIer.
Engage closely with your virtual team including business development representatives, marketing managers, partner managers, sales engineers  pre-sales, customer value manager, professional services, implementation partners

The qualifications you need:

Experience selling enterprise software at C-level in a new business focused field sales role (CIO, CFO, CPO, COO)
SaaS or software with value selling experiences
Ability to manage long and complex sales cycles with multiple stakeholders
Have proven experience working with Partners, i.e. Consulting firms and Enterprise Tech
Ability to adapt to a fast moving, ever changing, high growth environment and approach challenges with positivity, creative thinking, and a growth mindset
Willingness to be collaborative, inclusive, to embrace diversity and to have strong interpersonal skills differentmakesusbetter
Ability to leverage internal resources and work as a team bestteamwins
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices