






Were Celonis, the global leader in execution management and process mining technology, and one of the 50 most valuable private companies in the world. We believe that every company can unlock its full execution capacity - and for that, we need you to join us.








 
The Team:
The Celonis Legal team is an energetic and proactive group of experts in their field, focused on identifying, avoiding, mitigating and solving challenges within the Celonis business. We sit at the heart of the Celonis organization and are proud to be seen as valued business partners across all aspects of the business. Reporting into the Chief Legal Officer, AGCs lead our Commercial, Corporate, and Employment, Ethics  Compliance practices. The Legal Director, EMEA Commercial will sit within the Commercial practice, initially reporting to our VP  AGC, Global Commercial.
The Role:
The Legal Director, EMEA Commercial will be part of Celonis global Legal and Compliance organization and report to the Vice President  Assistant General Counsel, Global Commercial. The Legal Director, EMEA Commercial will be part of a growing team of commercial legal experts and will take holistic responsibility for key commercial transactions throughout EMEA. A successful candidate will be expected to provide pragmatic, creative, collaborative and solution-oriented Legal support throughout the company, will have a strong business sense and have experience working as a self-starter in an environment that is fast-paced, business and results-oriented and team focused.
The work youll do:

Draft, review, analyze and negotiate complex, strategic commercial contracts, including cloud and on-premise subscriptions, license, and professional services agreements.
Consistently anticipate, analyze, communicate, and propose mitigation strategies for potential risks in contractual, regulatory, compliance, financial and legal areas.
Effectively lead a regional team of legal professionals, including overseeing day-to-day work, mentoring, hiring, training, and onboarding new hires.
Seamlessly partner with senior stakeholders (including C-Suite and Executive Management) within the Celonis organization, including but not limited to Sales, Deal Desk, Finance and Compliance.
Provide training on a variety of topics to sales and other cross-functional teams.
Contribute to ongoing process improvement, reduction of friction and problem solving within areas of Legal and Compliance.
Further Celonis business, financial and risk management objectives through diligent, proactive and creative lawyering.

The qualifications you need:

Law degree from a highly-regarded school
Active bar membership (or equivalent) in relevant jurisdiction
Native or bilingual fluency in English and German required; another European language would be a significant plus
10 years combined experience in law firm andor in-house legal department including significant drafting and negotiation experience in relation to softwaretechnology licensecloud and professional services agreements
3 years of direct people management experience
Experience supporting quota-carrying, enterprise-level sales personnel
Working knowledge of regulatory matters, including international data protection, corporate compliance and exporttrade restrictions
Ability to think outside the box and address complex matters with creative solutions
Excellent interpersonal, writtenverbal communication and negotiation skills
Highly responsive and service-oriented attitude
Ability to independently organize, prioritize and manage deadlines in a fast-paced and demanding work environment
Ability to maintain strong working relationships with demanding internal clients and work effectively with remote team and management members
Sound and practical business judgment
Strong skill set working with office applications, including the Microsoft Office Suite, Salesforce, Adobe, Docusign and GoogleDocs.
What Celonis can offer you:

The unique opportunity to work within a new category of technology, Execution Management
Investment in your personal growth and skill development (clear career paths, internal mobility opportunities, LD platform, mentorships, and more)
Great compensation and benefits packages (equity (restricted stock units), life insurance, time off, generous leave for new parents from day one, and more). For intern and working student benefits, click here
Physical and mental well-being support (subsidized gym membership, access to counselling, virtual events on well-being topics, and more)
A global and growing team of Celonauts from diverse backgrounds to learn from and work with
An open-minded culture with innovative, autonomous teams
Business Resource Groups to help you feel connected, valued and seen (BlackCelonis, WomenCelonis, ParentsCelonis, PrideCelonis, ResilienceCelonis, and more)
A clear set of company values that guide everything we do: Live for Customer Value, The Best Team Wins, We Own It, and Earth Is Our Future

About Us
Celonis enables customers to optimize their business processes. Powered by its leading process mining technology, Celonis provides a unique set of capabilities for business executives and users to continuously find improvement opportunities within and across processes, and execute targeted actions to rapidly enhance process performance. This optimization yields immediate cash impact, radically improves customer experience, and reduces carbon emissions. Celonis has thousands of implementations with global customers and is headquartered in Munich, Germany and New York City, USA with more than 20 offices worldwide.
Celonis is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment and equal opportunity in all aspects of employment. We will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination or harassment of any kind. We make all employment decisions without regard to raceethnicity, color, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, national origin, citizenship status, religion, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or any other factor protected by applicable anti-discrimination laws.  As a US federal contractor, we are committed to the principles of affirmative action in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Different makes us better.
Accessibility and Candidate Notices