Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence. 
Chainalysis Government Solutions, LLC (CGS) Investigators are world-class problem solvers adept at covert analysis and conducting complex investigations. Our team combines technical knowledge with tenacity and intuition. We help our customers with thorny and complex investigations and along the way, make the world a safer place. As a CGS Investigator, youll measure your success by your impact on our customers mission and the execution and expansion of investigation support at our key customers. Our Investigators are deeply integrated into our customers missions, often serving in on-site and embedded roles to provide discrete and dedicated support to their most sensitive requirements.
As an Investigator focused on Federal Law Enforcement, you are equally adept at proactively conducting research, employing data analysis, writing, and presenting your investigative findings to team members and customers alike. You are comfortable evangelizing the Chainalysis mission of bringing trust to blockchains, and are an expert at using our tools and data to develop insights on illicit activity trends in crypto and its impact on our customers. Collaborating with team members and across Chainalysis, you will help support the most complex financial crime investigations to meet and exceed customer requirements.   
Please note that this role requires you to be physically on-site with the customer in Washington, D.C. 5 days a week.
Priorities in your 1st year include:

Completing the Chainalysis Reactor Certification and the Chainalysis Investigations Specialist Course certifications and being able to expertly navigate open-source blockchain analytic tools.
Providing investigative and analytic support that leads to meaningful results pertaining to the customers mission.
Preparing in-depth summaries of data, findings, and conclusions based on extensive research and analysis.
Becoming a sought-after and trusted advisor to other investigators, analysts, and leadership within your assigned customer(s) teams
Delivering training and offering guidance to other investigators and analysts as needed. 

Responsibilities:

Collaborate with team members and across Chainalysis to support complex cryptocurrency investigations 
Provide investigativeanalytic support for extremely complex, technical, and highly sensitive investigations and initiatives pertaining to financial crimes, including cryptocurrencies. 
Conduct research and data analysis, author reports of your investigative findings, and present those findings to team members and customers 
Review the adequacy and completeness of investigations and the data collection methods to determine the authenticity, veracity, and pertinence of that data resulting in more thorough investigations or analytic assessments. 
Prepare in-depth summaries of data from extensive research and analysis to set forth recommendations for investigations, lead follow up, and potential risks that could hamper an investigation
Evangelize the Chainalysis mission of bringing trust to blockchains, becoming an expert at using our tools and data to develop insights on illicit activity trends in crypto and its impact on our customers.   

Qualifications:

Ability to obtain and maintain suitability for public trust clearance eligibility
A degree in cybersecurity, cyber crime, intelligence, criminal justice, forensic accounting, data analytics, or a similar
Previous work experience conducting complex financial crime investigations for federal government, intelligence analysis or law enforcement investigations, or equivalent forensic experience related to dark web, counter-terrorism, or technical analysis highly desired
Experience conducting open-source research utilizing public and private databases highly desired
Interest in andor passion for blockchaincryptocurrency technology

Tools and technologies we use (previous experience not required):

Chainalysis Reactor
Open-source blockchain explorers

 
 LI-MG1At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.