Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.Our Pre-sales team understands high-level business strategy and how to translate that into technical requirements for our customers - and we love figuring out ways to stretch the limits of what is technically possible. Our job is to provide technical leadership and guidance to our users during the sales cycle to help customers, prospects and partners visualize the steps to achieve their business objectives.  Our Solutions Architects have a deep technical understanding of our products, customer verticals, and the cryptocurrency landscape. We use that expertise to optimize the companys sales pipeline and bookings, and bring value to our customers.
Heavy on both technical and business skills, Solutions Architects are technical experts in external user discussions and customer champions in internal engineering discussions. We measure success by your teams direct impact on revenue as well as your ability to work collaboratively with Product, Marketing, Customer Success, and Engineering.
Priorities in your 1st year include:

Directly impacting some of Chainalysis most strategic customers around the world by building customer-specific solutions for the deployment and integration of our products so that our customers quickly realize the value of Chainalysis products and services.
Developing a deep understanding of Chainalysis solutions and offerings, the competitive landscape, and being able to identify and highlight commercial opportunities.
Evangelizing Chainalysis solutions in a compelling yet easily understood way
Partnering with the Sales team to achieve numbers and substantially increase our foothold with Public sector and Private sector customers
Becoming a trusted advisor to the technical and engineering teams at our customers, providing guidance on technical challenges ranging from high-level architecture to code implementation

Responsibilities:

Partner with the Sales team and lead customer-facing technical discussions and activities related to value creation and solution development to achieve the technical win.
Build customer-specific solutions for the deployment and integration of Chainalysis products.
Communicate and translate complex technical requirements to the Product and Engineering team to build and add new features and improve existing capabilities.
Support sales enablement of Partners and Channel Alliances.

Qualifications

Youve worked directly with customers in the financial industry, law enforcement, and public sector customers as a Consultant, Account Executive, Sales Engineer, Solutions Architect, Customer Success Manager, or similar role at a B2B software company for at least 5 years.
Youve built custom deployment plans for other SaaS products. 
You may have a technical generalist background, but are comfortable with REST API integrations, SQL databases, KubernetesDockercontainerization of applications, and are always interested in learning more. 
A degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Math is preferred
Spanish  English fluency

Technologies and tools we use (prior experience not necessary):

Python
REST API integrations
SQL databases
KubernetesDockercontainerization of applications
MEDDIC

LI-LV1 LI-RemoteAt Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.