Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.Engineers at Chainalysis are driven by working on new technical challenges every day. As relentless problem-solvers and big dreamers, were building technology that enables widespread adoption of cryptocurrencies and lays the foundation for a new economic paradigm.
This role is to join the Transpose team. Were an exciting new member of the Chainalysis family working to deliver cloud-platform style integrations that effortlessly enable startups, enterprises, and governments to build new products and tools powered by blockchain data. Transpose products power leading DeFi protocols, tax and compliance use-cases, and cutting-edge machine learning workloads. Our work also plays an important role for the wider Chainalysis family, who build industry-leading products that enable law enforcement agencies, the worlds largest cryptocurrency businesses, and major financial institutions to take down dark web marketplaces, prosecute child predators, and solve major cybercrime incidents like the Twitter Hack (yeah, we do all that!).
We measure success by how well we build components that are reusable and replaceable, reducing time to production, building tools that simplify data analysis, and fostering collaborative relationships across the company.
Responsibilities:

Youll play a major role in building new categories of customer integrations (new APIs, data streaming solutions, event driven systems, etc.)
Youll bring exciting new ideas and energy to the team, that weve gone on to integrate into building the future of Transpose
Youll contribute to increasing the scalability and performance of our systems
Youll solve complex problems with peers and stakeholders across the organization

 
Qualifications:

Youre an experienced Python developer
You are comfortable contributing to a code base with high code coverage standards
You are comfortable building backend ETL pipelines and services in a Cloud environment (AWS, GCP)
You have general knowledge of how blockchains work and core tenets of decentralized systems
Youre comfortable (or interested in) working with SQL databases
You have expertise in APIs, data streaming systems, and event-driven workflows
Youve worked in an environment where you support the systems you put into production
Youre interested in distributed systems
You exemplify a high degree of pride in what you create, and ownership

 
Technologies we use (experience not required):

Experience in functional programming
Experience working with smart contracts, blockchain protocols, and the EVM
Experience working with Kafka
Experience working deploying services with Kubernetes

 
At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
 
FOR US POSITIONS ONLY: 
This job listing may cover more than one job level. To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base salary ranges for all United States based job listings. We set standard base salary ranges for all roles based on function, level, and location, benchmarked against technology companies. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, relevant work experience, skillset, internal equity, and other factors, consistent with applicable law. The salary range for this position is dependent on where you live within the United States. Chainalysis maintains two pay zones: Zone 1 includes team members in the New York City metro area and team members in the San Francisco Bay Area. Zone 2 encompasses all other parts of the United States. The salary ranges are:
Zone 1: 135K - 160K
Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package which additionally includes equity, performance bonus or commissions for eligible roles, and competitive benefits. This position is ineligible for visa sponsorship.
 At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.