Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.
The Analytics Team at Chainalysis is looking for a Staff Product Data Analyst to help define and create the next generation of deep dive and performance metrics visibility tools. Our ideal candidate is comfortable in a nascent and fast-paced space with a lot of ambiguity, enjoys translating complex business questions into well-defined quantitative problems, and is capable of building scalable analytics solutions to answer these questions. Youll join the Business Technology, Data and Analytics Team in our centralized analytics unit and work with stakeholders across Product, Marketing, Engineering, Product Design, Sales  Customer Success to define metrics and scale our analytics capabilities. The analytical tools and dashboards you build will help us understand the drivers of success metrics and make informed business decisions. 
Priorities in your first year include:

Accessing and analyzing all of Chainalysis datasets including product usage, sales, customer, financial system, and other datasets.
Familiarity with product portfolio, how our users engage with them and have driven insights to key stakeholders
Owning and speaking to key metrics across the product portfolio with a deep expertise in Chainalysis specific data and analytics concepts.
Treating our internal data as a product and helped to scale the companys analytics platforms, training folks to leverage BI tools, and providing your colleagues with actionable insights
Building tools and mechanisms to consolidate and update data regularly to make data easily accessible to all stakeholders in the company
Translating business questions into quantitative questions, uncovering the inputs into our success metrics and developing actionable insights that influence our leadership teams to identify critical areas of improvement
Upkeep of KPI metrics and planned data analysis roadmaps to meet the operational and performance tracking requirements across teams
Presenting complex yet actionable findings or insights to leadership that directly impact the business

Qualifications:

Educational background in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Statistics, Economics, Analytics or a quantitative discipline preferred
Professional work experience in a hands-on analytics or data science function with proven quantitative orientation, manipulating large datasets for time series analysis, cohorting, segmentation and forecasting.
Experience in inventing new metrics, conducting root cause analysis, AB testing and developing reportingvisualization solutions (e.g., Tableau, Quicksight)
Proven ability to translate ambiguous business and product questions into quantitative problem statements, structure complex analysis, implement large scale analytical solutions and drive business and product insights.
Experience with Data Warehouse is required
Advanced skills in SQL, Tableau, Product Analytics tools (e.g., Pendo), Data Warehouse solutions (e.g., Redshift)
Knowledge and experience with data pipeline technologies, data modeling (star schemas, snowflake, aggregation tables), basic data architectures (compute and reporting clusters).
Fluency with statistical analytics and a programming language such as R, Python etc.
Excellent organizational skills including prioritization of multiple concurrent projects while still delivering timely and accurate results.
Excellent oral, presentation and written communication skills - youre passionate about storytelling via data!
A Just Do It attitude and ability to move with urgency and customer obsession.
An ownership mindset - acts and makes decisions on behalf of the company, not just the team. Never heard of the words not my job.

 At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.