Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.Our Senior Manager, Global Intelligence will lead a passionate team of managers and analysts, and be responsive to investigators and client requirements. Youll collaborate with cross functional teams across the company and specifically within RD developing scalable ways of collecting, storing, and distributing data. Youll also utilize key analysts skills to grow their team and ensure the most sophisticated means are deployed to gather data. 
Priorities in your first year include:

Develop uniques ways to obtain data within the boundaries of our legal and ethical requirements
Build relationships with customers, other intelligence groups and find unique data sources expanding our knowledge and data inputs to our product.
Support written analyses on macro trends or on specific entities
Are a certified cryptocurrency professional with all Chainalysis certifications

Responsibilities:

Lead, grow, and mentor a team of managers and  analysts to uplevel their skills in sensitive data collection.
Play an integral role in crafting collection requirements and execution strategy to maintain best-in-class data
Translate requirements to collection action plans and provide guidance that ensures proper collection of evidence, while respecting legal and ethical requirements
Exercise disciplined documentation and analytic rigor for exceptional quality control.  

Qualifications:

8 Years of industry experience 
Experience with building out collection, storage, and distribution of intelligence data in private sector capacity, and ideally also in public sector settings.
Experience with navigating legal and security challenges involved in intelligence data collection
Operational experience in how to obtain difficult data sets is mandatory.
Understanding of public  private partnerships in intelligence data collection
Understanding of where blockchain data and intelligence gathering intersect.
Blockchain experience required
Understanding illicit activity in the current National Security, Cyber, Criminal and Financial  environments with an emphasis on cryptocurrency.  
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail
Leadership experience with direct management responsibilities in the public andor private sector with emphasis on collection strategies and obtaining hard evidence and data for actionable intelligence

At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
 
FOR US POSITIONS ONLY: 
This job listing may cover more than one job level. To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base salary ranges for all United States based job listings. We set standard base salary ranges for all roles based on function, level, and location, benchmarked against technology companies. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, relevant work experience, skillset, internal equity, and other factors, consistent with applicable law. The salary range for this position is dependent on where you live within the United States. Chainalysis maintains two pay zones: Zone 1 includes team members in the New York City metro area and team members in the San Francisco Bay Area. Zone 2 encompasses all other parts of the United States. The salary ranges are:
Zone 1: 175K - 220K
Zone 2: 153K-187K
Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package which additionally includes equity, performance bonus or commissions for eligible roles, and competitive benefits. This position is ineligible for visa sponsorship.At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.