Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence. 
As a Client Platform Engineer, you will be responsible for the overall user experience of our entire device fleet (both Mac and Windows). This Engineer will collaborate with the Business Technology Operations, Security, Compliance, Legal and Finance teams to maintain a secure and accurate inventory of our hardware.  This engineer will also package and deploy critical software to the business, support ongoing updates, and maintain or create scripted automations and MDM policies to drive the best in class user experience to our users.
Responsibilities:

Design, build, document and support ongoing automation in all endpoint deployments
Define and build an automated patch management report from AutomoxRapid7 Insight or similar service for relevant stakeholders.
Own both the user experience and troubleshooting experience of Business Technology Operations Team by handling escalations
Automate application and settings distribution to improve the overall troubleshooting experience for the Business Technology Operations support team.
Manage and maintain client configuration and security compliance standards.
Manage an up-to-date operating system update instance for both Windows and macOS.
Write andor maintain system documentation, including technical specifications, procedures, and define technical standards.
Configure endpoints at scale to ensure company devices have a consistent secure baseline of software, configurations, and security measures in place. 
Participate on projects which deliver new and upgraded desktop support services.
Perform feasibility and risks reviews, conduct beta testing and oversee pilot testing.

Qualification:

Experience standing up and maintaining an MDM server (Jamf, Intune, etc.)
Knows how to package and deploy software to production environments and business units
Basic Shell scripting or other UNIX command-based coding knowledge.
Advanced knowledge of directory service Azure Active Directory, Okta (or similar IDP system) and understands how LDAP integrations work
Worked in collaboration with Business Technology Operations, Security, and Compliance teams in the past
Excellent communication skills and able to generate and structure reports for various business units including Compliance, Security, Finance, HR, and Legal
A help desk or support background with proven experience with end user device management and troubleshooting.
At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.