Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.The Finance Team at Chainalysis splits their time between fine-tuning the details and evaluating the 30,000 foot view of our business. Our job is to help the company plan for growth by investing in the right resources and audit our expenditures and revenues to ensure were being fiscally responsible.
The Manager of Services FPA will be a strategic business partner to our Sales  Services organization. and will lead the build out and support ongoing planning and reporting needs, as well as advise on strategic departmental decisions with actionable financial insights. You will own budgeting, forecasting and variance analysis for the Services business and will be a critical partner in driving business results.
This role will work in close collaboration with the finance, sales, and operations organizations, and requires strong partnership and communication skills. The candidate must have an appetite for process improvements and efficiencies, strong analytical abilities, and exceptional attention to detail. This position is ideally suited for someone passionate about developing an intimate understanding of our business and GTM strategy and using your insights to drive continued improvement in our Sales  Services processes, as well as own ad hoc analysis for special projects across the organization.
Priorities in your first year include:

Become a strategic business partner to the Sales  Services organization by providing critical reporting and actionable insights rooted in financial and data analysis
 Facilitate annual planning and rolling forecasting processes for the Services team
Support creation of budgets and forecasts for bookings, KPIs, and divisional expenses
Maintain regular reporting on performance against top-line KPIs and variance to budgetforecast
Support and evolve revenue and expense planning for the Services organization, with a deep understanding of headcount and utilization planning and unit economics
Partner closely with Revenue Ops to monitor and track Services bookings and margins
Proactively identify opportunities for change, process improvement, and system enhancements

Responsibilities:

Established background in FPA specifically for a Services organization
Prepare presentations for company leadership and the board
Proven ability to scale manual processes into more automated ones
Ability to have strong attention to detail and accuracy
Self-starter that is comfortable working in a fast-paced, startup environment

Qualifications:

Prior SaaS company experience, with a deep understanding of SaaS metrics
Excellent reporting skills with the ability to not only gather the appropriate data, but also glean insight to improve the performance of the companys operations
Prior experience with Sales Compensation planning is a plus

Technologies we use (experience not required):

Strong modeling skills that can seamlessly transition between Excel and Google Sheets
Preferred systems skills in Salesforce, Adaptive, and or NetSuite

At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
This job listing may cover more than one job level. To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base salary ranges for all United States based job listings. We set standard base salary ranges for all roles based on function, level, and location, benchmarked against technology companies. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, relevant work experience, skillset, internal equity, and other factors, consistent with applicable law. The salary range for this position is dependent on where you live within the United States. Chainalysis maintains two pay zones: Zone 1 includes team members in the New York City metro area and team members in the San Francisco Bay Area. Zone 2 encompasses all other parts of the United States. The salary ranges are:
Zone 1: 125,000 - 160,000 - 195,000
Zone 2: 108,000 - 140,000 - 172,000
Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package which additionally includes equity, performance bonus or commissions for eligible roles, and competitive benefits. This position is ineligible for visa sponsorshi
 
LI-DP1 LI-Remote
 At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.