Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.The global financial ecosystem is changing. Revolutionary blockchain technology has unlocked the potential for people worldwide to have equal access to wealth and information. This transformation has begun with the mass global adoption of cryptocurrencies. Still, like all new financial systems, it needs greater trust to realize its full potential and remain safe from bad actors. Thats where we come in. The Chainalysis blockchain data platform enables businesses, governments, and banks to solve the worlds most high-profile criminal cases, paving the way for an economy built on blockchains.
Chainalysis is the key voice in building trust in blockchains today, collaborating with the worlds leading government agencies, cryptocurrency exchanges, financial institutions, and cybersecurity companies in over 60 countries.  Our data platform powers investigation, compliance, and risk management tools that have been used to solve some of the worlds most high-profile cyber crime cases and ensure global access to cryptocurrency safely.
In this role, you will lead a talented team of product designers who strive to build impactful, valuable, and easy-to-use products. You will oversee the user experience of the Chainalysis compliance products from conception to launch,  partnering closely with product managers, engineers, and UX researchers. Our team values curiosity, cross-functional team collaboration, and a devotion to craft. As a Product Design Manager, we expect you to skilfully utilize your product, interaction, and visual toolkit to build innovative, user-friendly experiences for a diverse, global audience.
In one year youll know you were successful if

You feel fully confident collaborating with your Product and Engineering partners to influence the product roadmap, identify opportunities, and make decisions based on impact to Chainalysis users
You consistently empower and manage the designers on your team, pushing them to produce their best work
You document and build on design systems as they pertain to your product and provide guidance on cross-product design strategy - moving us towards a more cohesive and coherent product experience
You both welcome and actively solicit feedback from cross-functional teams to build better work processes and cultivate your partnerships
You are a proactive champion for design thinking across the organization and actively work to push the boundaries of innovation and efficiency in your design process
You are devoted to excellence and continually raise the bar for quality across every design touchpoint in the organization

A background like this helps: 

At least 6 years  in product design, 2 years managing product designers
Proven track record of working within a product team to ship successful experiences to users
Comfortable representing work to a broader product team and other stakeholders, clearly and succinctly articulating the goals and concepts
Excellence and efficiency in using Figma, Confluence,
Outstanding visual design taste combined with holistic UX understanding
Strong portfolio of past work that showcases using best-in-class interaction and visual design as tools to drive product growth
Passion for asking the right questions and ability to leverage all available resourcessuch as conducting user research or delving into analyticsto formulate solutions to complex problems
Entrepreneurial mindset and exceptionally proactive about guiding strategic thinking in a greenfield, innovative product space 

Bonus points if you:

Have experience with B2B, fintech, or especially, cryptocurrency products
You have previously worked on technical products and data visualizations

LI-EM1 At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.