Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.The Policy and Regulatory Affairs team at Chainalysis advises both internal and external stakeholders on the forefront of cryptocurrency and its constantly evolving landscape. Our job is to ensure the company continues its rapid growth by employing sound and efficient legislative and regulatory analysis to support operations at the company, working with public and private sector clients to understand the policy environment and comparative approaches, influencing government agencies and lawmakers, and shaping a groundbreaking industry as it matures and becomes more widely adopted.
The Head of Public Policy EMEA knows policy and regulation related to emerging financial technologies like the back of their hand and is already an expert on regulations like MiCA and the FATF standard for AMLCFT. Theyll be an advocate, educator, and evangelist for Chainalysis and the cryptocurrency market as a whole. We measure success by how well your analysis, advisory, education and advocacy activities mitigate risks and enable growth for the company and a digital economy.
In one year youll know you were successful if youve

Become an expert on applicable laws, regulations, and enforcement actions to identify emerging risks with the cryptocurrency community and alert management to trends and risks
Advised and supported colleagues and customers to ensure all stakeholders are educated on our products, capabilities, and how they interact with broader legislative and regulatory developments
Worked closely with leadership on policy and regulatory matters to both support the business and promote the mission of our customers
Influenced emerging and strategic issues in legislative, regulatory, and industry venues which impact Chainalysis and the cryptocurrency industry through various means including participation in professional groups, industry associations, and committees
Supported the development and dissemination of positions, constructive solutions and building industry coalitions across EMEA to advance Chainalysiss objectives, including through comments on regulations, and policy-related talking points and messages
Represented Chainalysis through industry and public sector engagement at working groups, panels and events
Partnered with Engineering, Sales, Marketing, and other teams to establish a rapport, maintain a positive working relationship, and provide policy support regarding the achievement of business objectives including in the development of product features to meet regulatory requirements
Worked with leadership to implement a successful key stakeholder engagement strategy on policy and regulatory matters across EMEA

A background like this helps:

A Masters Degree in Public Policy or International Affairs is very helpful, but not required
Professional experience related to regulation, public policy, financial crimes, cybercrimes, tax, financial consumer protection or other relevant topics related to the Chainalysis business
Gravitas and the ability to quickly establish trust and confidence with high-profile government leaders as an advisor and counsellor
A proven track record of supporting and executing successful regulatory and government affairs initiatives to achieve enterprise-wide results; proven experience building partnerships and strategic alliances between public and private entities

LI-ZL1At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.