Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.The Academy Team at Chainalysis has developed an industry leading learning platform, built engaging content, and speaks to every level of expertise. We know how our products are used in the real-world and help our customers become expert users, too.
An Instructional Designer and Producer makes our on-demand training program come alive with compelling and digestible video tutorials, interactive software simulators, and other critical training and marketing assets. This production expert captures product and industry knowledge from our SMEs, and efficiently produces content in a creative, marketing-quality, and consistent way across our training programs. We measure success through utilization and feedback in the Chainalysis Academy courses, along with customer appetite for our live instructor-led certification programs.
Responsibilities:
As a production consultant,  you will capture expertise from dozens of internal  customer subject matter experts, and launch powerful e-learning courses into our Chainalysis Academy training ecosystem - whether for a single customer, all customers, or the public.You will advance the e-learning system  journey, helping the team drive new innovations, integrations and novel ways of educating our customers.You will work with other Training Team members to build role-based training journeys, and help to build supplemental assets, provide e-learning support, and partner with Marketing and other teams on cross-functional needs. 
A background like this helps: 

Youve worked with a high-growth SaaS company before, developing visually striking and engaging video tutorials and interactive Elearning courses focused on external customers.
You know your way around digital media production software and rapid Elearning productions tools (e.g. Camtasia, Articulate Storyline, Adobe Captivate, Adobe CC Apps, After Effects, etc.).  
Youre accustomed to working with internal subject matter experts in different geographies and leveraging web conferencing tools to capture and produce strong audio and video content.
Juggling multiple projects with different stakeholders is part of your repertoire.

To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base salary ranges for all United States based job listings. We set standard base salary ranges for all roles based on function, level, and location, benchmarked against technology companies. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, relevant work experience, skillset, internal equity, and other factors, consistent with applicable law.
We are currently looking for independent contractors for this job posting. The target rate is 40 hour
 
LI-BD1 LI-Remote At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.