Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.



The sales team responsible for our Government sector in Mexico and Central America is driven by our mission to make the world a safer place by tracking and investigating activities that involve cryptocurrency like human trafficking, terrorist financing, and money-laundering. Were experts on the why and the how with deep relationships and knowledge of navigating government sales processes. 
Account Executives establish trust and build strong relationships with Public Sector stakeholders, tailoring their sales approach to their needs, and evangelizing Chainalysis solutions in a compelling yet approachable way. We measure success by the attainment of assigned quota, accuracy of forecasting, and the growth of accounts in the region. They are experts at navigating complex sales cycles and still enjoy the thrill creating a calculated account plan and then closing a deal.  
Priorities in your first year include:

Achieving your revenue targets and increase our foothold in the government and public sector markets within Mexico and Central America through strategic prospecting and expanding existing accounts
Meeting or exceeding your sales goals by building a diverse pipeline of opportunities, leveraging data from sales figures, marketing campaigns, and promotional activities 
Building customer relationships based on trust and transparency, resulting in network referrals that ultimately build Chainalysis brand awareness
Developing a deep understanding of Chainalysis solutions, customer stakeholders, use cases, and key decision-making criteria within your market
Establishing relationships across departments at Chainalysis, allowing you to provide expert advice to prospects related to technical concepts, product roadmaps, solutions implementations, and training

Responsibilities:

Build and strengthen relationships with prospective and existing customers, driving new business, expansions, upsells, renewals, and cross-sales
Work closely with Pre-Sales, Customer Success, Investigations, and Marketing teams to lead conversations within your customer base to enable you to achieve your goals.
Provide feedback and insight to help develop compelling product positioning and messaging specific to market trends, competitive drivers, region-specific sales channels, and more 
Evangelize Chainalysis solutions in a compelling yet approachable way
Demonstrate exceptional expertise in sales forecasting, ensuring precise and reliable predictions to drive informed decision-making and maximize business growth.
Build a diverse pipeline of opportunities, leveraging data from sales figures, marketing campaigns, and promotional activities to drive consistent and accurate forecasting

Qualifications:

Track record of over-achievement in a public sector sales role, selling to law enforcement and intelligence agencies in Mexico and Central America
Solid understanding of procurement processes involved in government sales, as well as experience selling with and through channel partners
Articulate, enthusiastic, and effective communication style with the ability to convey complex concepts in an approachable and concise way
Extensive experience discovering, managing and closing complex software sales in Mexico and Central America 
Experience creating territory and account plans using value selling methodologies
You dont have to be a blockchain expert, but youre insatiably curious and willing to learn 
Entrepreneurial and relentless hunting attitude with a willingness to prospect
Ability to negotiate terms and conditions and other concessions in complex, multi-year sales agreements
Fluent in English and Spanish

Tools:

MEDDIC sales methodology
Salesforce
LinkedIn Navigator




At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.