Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.
The developer evangelist will work closely with the ecosystem to help developers push the boundaries of innovation. Using Transpose, a blockchain data indexing platform that drastically simplifies working with blockchain data, along with Chainalysis, youll show how developers can go faster and focus on developing their product and business instead of building and maintaining infrastructure. Alongside teams throughout the organization, youll establish a developer relations program that helps engage developers through social and industry events, understand their problems and use-cases, guide developers to solutions, and create content for tutorials, events, hackathons and more. 
Key traits: high bias for action, driven, obsessed with crypto, dynamic, authentic, respectful, engaging, articulate, humorous, succinct, respectable, genuine, curious, honest.
Priorities in your first yearResponsibilities:

You are an expert in all Transpose and Chainalysis products, APIs and datasets
You deeply understand the specific customer problems for each of our segments
You have helped map developer use-cases into our core solution demos and messaging
You have created opportunities to engage developers including webinars and over social
You have worked with our revenue organization to support customers in the pre-sales and onboarding process
You have developed tutorials and training materials to get developers up and running during trials
You have created code samples for different use cases
You have partnered with the technical writing team to update our documentation so that a developer can be up and running for her specific problem in minutes
You constantly provide product feedback from customers to the product and engineering teams
You have represented Transpose and Chainalysis at developer-focused industry conferences and demoed the power of our platform to the developer community

Qualifications:

You have experience in software engineering andor data science.
You enjoy diving into, and explaining, deep technical concepts.
A great sense for the needs and requirements of developers at both small and large scales.
You understand blockchain data (e.g. you know what topic0 is), how smart contracts work, and are in-tune with the latest protocol trends.
You enjoy engaging through crypto-native media; Discord, Twitter, Telegram and more.
You can communicate complex technical topics extremely clearly with a focus on the customer problem.
Experience building exciting systems - whether that is at a company, or a personal project.
Excited by the power and potential of data analytics in the blockchain space.
Experience in the following: SQL, HTTP APIs, Python, event-based systems, systems thinking.
Comfortable conducting data analysis independently - e.g. SQL, Python andor other.
You approach deep technical problems as a creative challenge, and enjoy working in unfamiliar, complex and abstract environments.
Excellent organizational and prioritization skills to deliver timely results.
A Just Do It attitude and ability to move with urgency and customer obsession.

The following would differentiate you:

Strong meme game
You can tell a great story even when it involves code and development
Experience in the crypto industry andor understanding of blockchain data
You have Dune dashboards or similar
Large social media following and experience in building communities

At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
This job listing may cover more than one job level. To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base salary ranges for all United States based job listings. We set standard base salary ranges for all roles based on function, level, and location, benchmarked against technology companies. Individual pay decisions are based on a number of factors, including qualifications for the role, relevant work experience, skillset, internal equity, and other factors, consistent with applicable law. The salary range for this position is dependent on where you live within the United States. Chainalysis maintains two pay zones: Zone 1 includes team members in the New York City metro area and team members in the San Francisco Bay Area. Zone 2 encompasses all other parts of the United States. The salary ranges are:
Zone 1: 105,000 - 135,000 - 170,000
Zone 2: 92,000 - 120,000 - 148,000
Base salary is just one part of our total rewards package which additionally includes equity, performance bonus or commissions for eligible roles, and competitive benefits. This position is ineligible for visa sponsorship.
LI-EM1 LI-RemoteAt Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.