Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.The Intelligence Solutions team at Chainalysis Government Solutions is made up of world class cryptocurrency investigators who build trust in blockchains by mapping cryptocurrency activity to real-world entitiesranging from underground criminal networks to coordinated nation state activity.
The ideal Cybercrimes Investigator candidate will have a deep understanding of blockchain technology, strong analytical skills, and expertise in derived insights. This candidate is excited to engage with other investigators in joint blockchain forensic efforts, takes ownership of their work, and proposes creative solutions to both unique and recurring problems. As such, the candidate exercises insatiable curiosity when theyre extracting, analyzing, and interpreting blockchain data and constantly seeks ways to optimize the investigations process.
As a CGS Investigator, youll measure your success by your impact on our customers mission and the execution and expansion of investigation support at our key customers. 
Priorities in your 1st year include:

Completing the Chainalysis Reactor Certification and the Chainalysis Investigations Specialist Course certifications and being able to expertly navigate open-source blockchain analytic tools.
Providing investigative and analytic support that leads to meaningful results pertaining to the customers mission.
Preparing in-depth summaries of data from extensive research and analysis.

Responsibilities:

Provide investigativeanalytic support for extremely complex, technical, and highly sensitive investigations and initiatives pertaining to financial crimes, including cryptocurrencies. 
Become a sought-after and trusted advisor to other investigators, analysts, and leadership within your assigned account and provide training and guidance to other investigators and analysts as needed. 
Review the adequacy and completeness of investigations and the data collection methods to determine the authenticity, veracity, and pertinence of that data resulting in more thorough investigations or analytic assessments. 
Prepare in-depth summaries of data from extensive research and analysis to set forth recommendations for investigations, lead follow up, and potential risks that could hamper an investigation 
Demonstrate an ability to present investigative conclusions, and provide select training to other investigators and Chainalysis customers. 

Qualifications:

A current and active TSSCI clearance with full-scope polygraph
A degree in intelligence analysis, cybersecurity, cyber crime, criminal justice, forensic accounting, data analytics, or similar
Previous work experience conducting complex analysis for the United States Intelligence Community
Experience conducting open-source research utilizing public and private databases highly desired
Interest in andor passion for blockchaincryptocurrency technology
Ability to think strategically and with a creative mindset to solve complex problems
Self-starter with strong organizational skills and attention to detail

Tools and technologies:

Chainalysis Reactor
Open-source block explorer tools

 At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.