Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.Blockchain technology is powering a growing wave of innovation. Businesses and governments around the world are using blockchains to make banking more efficient, connect with their customers, and investigate criminal cases. As adoption of blockchain technology grows, more and more organizations seek access to all this ecosystem has to offer. Thats where Chainalysis comes in. We provide complete knowledge of whats happening on blockchains through our data, services, and solutions. With Chainalysis, organizations can navigate blockchains safely and with confidence.
The Business Technology (BizTech) team at Chainalysis creates intuitive, scalable, and secure technology experiences that accelerate Chainalysis growth and empower our employees to do their best work.  The Manager, IT Engineering role is responsible for all of the core IT engineering functions within the company that keep our employees productive, including our Collaboration, BizTech DevOps Infrastructure, Corporate Network, Client Platform, and Identity. Leaders who will excel in this role are able to craft a vision and strategy for the areas in their purview, while also clearly communicating that outwards to all of our business partners. They are empathetic towards and supportive of the team, taking the time to coach individual engineers and engineering managers, and are inquisitive about the technologies that we build, deploy, and manage. The ideal leader for this team leads with people first - whether that means a focus on the user experiences that we are crafting or the individuals on the team and their well-being and career growth. 
Priorities in your first year include:

Partnering with your peers and business partners, building and delivering a roadmap that balances our needs for scale, a high bar for user experience, and the security of the company
Working with engineers within your team and across the company, enabling your team to own the architecture and technology choices critical to successful delivery of our core IT experiences and systems
In collaboration with the team, defining and putting into practice engineering best practices that will help us build the most intuitive, scalable, and secure productivity environment for our employees
Attracting, hiring and developing the people required to deliver on our roadmap, with a focus on adaptivity, resilience, and diversity 

 Qualifications:

Demonstrated experience in roles of similar scope, preferably within technology companies
Demonstrated experience as a meticulous planner and strategist in a similar role
Background building around cloud-native environments and SaaS technologies
Previous experience managing distributedremote teams
Experience navigating complex compliance and regulatory environments, and an ability to guide the team as they build solutions to meet those needs
Excellent communication skills
At Chainalysis, we help government agencies, cryptocurrency businesses, and financial institutions track and investigate illicit activity on the blockchain, allowing them to engage confidently with cryptocurrency. We take care of our people with great benefits, professional development opportunities, and fun.
You belong here. 
At Chainalysis, we believe that diversity of experience and thought makes us stronger. With both customers and employees around the world, we are committed to ensuring our team reflects the unique communities around us. Some of the ways were ensuring we keep learning are an internal Diversity Committee, Days of Reflection throughout the year including International Womens Day, Harvey Milk Day, World Humanitarian Day, and UN International Migrants Day, and a commitment to continue revisiting and reevaluating our diversity culture. 
We encourage applicants across any race, ethnicity, gendergender expression, age, spirituality, ability, experience and more. Additionally, if you need any accommodations to make our interview process more accessible to you due to a disability, dont hesitate to let us know. You can learn more here. We cant wait to meet you.  
Applying from the EU? Please review our Chainalysis Applicant Privacy Policy.
  
By submitting this application, I consent to and authorize Chainalysis to contact my former employers, and any and all other persons and organizations for information bearing upon my qualifications for employment.  I further authorize the listed employers, schools and personal references to give Chainalysis (without further notice to me) any and all information about my previous employment and education, along with other pertinent information they may have, and hereby waive any actions which I may have against either party(ies) for providing a reference.  I understand any future employment will be contingent on the Company receiving satisfactory employment references.