Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is looking for an experienced Director who will be responsible for building and scaling a global best-in-class Treasury Operations function covering OTC operations, digital asset operations, and fiat operations. In this role, you will seek to actively identify and leverage synergies in operations processes to achieve standardization and automation across all operational aspects of Circles business.  This position plays a key strategic role in partnering with our Product, Engineering, and Customer Success teams to deliver operational solutions that help to create value for Circles customers. You will also lead Circles efforts to develop best in class processes and controls that exceed existing and future regulatory requirements. This is an opportunity to build a strategic function from the ground up.
What youll work on: 

Building and scaling a best-in-class firmwide operations function to support 247 crypto and fiat flows.
Partnering closely with internal functions such as Product and Engineering to ensure that new products and services incorporate key operational features and functionality.
Developing and implementing a global foreign exchange strategy for crypto and fiat operations.
Providing operational expertise and support to the OTC market making business, including asset custody, reporting, margin operations, and financial risk management.
Facilitating new product launches and lines of business with robust operational process design and infrastructure.
Automating operational and reconciliation process flows to reduce error incidence and increase efficiencies.
Developing and establishing operational redundancy and resiliency to ensure continued operations and zero downtime.
Owning and continually improving fiat operations including funds flows, returnexception handling, critical metrics, and reporting. Developing automated reporting and reconciliation solutions across payments systems and platforms.
Building and maintaining operational controls, policies, standards and procedures for operational activities. 
Collaborating closely with internal partners to ensure end to end process flows are performed according to regulatory requirements and internal controlsprocesses as well as documenting evidence of compliance.
Testing and improving operations architecture resiliency to ensure continued operations across unplanned and unexpected events. 

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

12 years full time or internship experience in treasury, banking, payments industry or related field.
5 years of experience managing and leading teams. 
Prior experience building and scaling an operations function.
Strong work ethic and ability to excel in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to manage multiple competing priorities.
Inquisitiveness and interest in macroeconomics and business cycle modeling.
Interest in the cryptocurrency and web3 ecosystems and how they interact with the traditional finance industry.
Advanced excelspreadsheet skills andor basic computer programming capabilities (SQL, Python, AppScript, VBA, etc.)  
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to New York, NY. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 210,000 - 282,500
Annual Bonus Target: 20
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote