Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is looking for a Risk Lifecycle Manager to join the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) team to support the day-to-day management and operation of Circles ERM risk lifecycle management program. The goal of this program is to support risk and control identification, assessment, response, monitoring and testing, and reporting on enterprise wide risks facing Circle. The risk lifecycle management program contributes to the overall ERM goal of maintaining and increasing Circles resiliency by identifying, assessing, and preparing its operations for any internal or external factors and risks that could interfere with reaching its goals and objectives. 
What youll work on: 

Recommending, directing and implementing ERM strategies and operations to ensure the ERM framework and risk assessments including the supporting policy, processes, risk appetite statements, tolerances and measures are embedded and operationalized within and throughout Circle and its culture.
Driving risk assessments, risk awareness and embed risk and the three lines of defense approach across Circle.
Leading and supporting key and critical risk and assessments initiatives in line with a global expansion strategy including assessing the international and local landscape.
Leading and supporting critical cross-functional projects and activities in the areas of risk assessment and remediation across business lines (e.g., product, engineering, treasury).
Supporting end-to-end management of ERM risk management including identifying, assessing, prioritizing, mitigating, monitoring, testing, and reporting.
Supporting the ongoing risk management, assessments and engagement across functions by engaging as a key business partner, early in the process, in risk discussions and ad-hoc interactions to support ongoing risk identification, ownership, mitigation and acceptance. 
Supporting functions in assessing their risk profile and advising where risk controls are needed. 
Advising and providing consultation in enabling the business to calculate the current risk by evaluating the risk factors, suggesting mitigation measures, and alignment with corporate risk statements and tolerances.
Providing subject matter expertise and input to ensure delivery of risk related awareness, training and orientation to all employees, and other appropriate third parties. Identify requirements to develop, deliver andor conduct risk training for position specific stakeholders, in coordination with Legal, Compliance and HR.
Leading and implementing periodic reviews, and recommending updates to the policies, processes, tools, and templates to reflect the changing environment (e.g., new products). 
Collaborating with the VP of ERM and Chief Risk and Compliance Officer in projects and responsibilities, as assigned, that may be global in nature.
Supporting the Enterprise Risk Committee in providing risk expertise and input into the overall health of the ERM program and providing periodic results of the risk-based monitoring (e.g., assessmenttesting) program. Includes providing expert input into developing and maintaining the ERM controls testing program.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

Bachelors degree in Risk Management, Business or Law required; advanced degree preferred.
7 years working in risk management of a financial services, payments or technology (growth) company.
Prior experience building an ERM risk assessment program across regionscountries, functions, multiple jurisdictions.
Expert knowledge of Enterprise Risk Management frameworks, risk assessment methodology, risk management processes, risk appetite statements, key risk measuresindicators (leading vs lagging), and review.
Experience in embedding a risk culture in a rapidly expanding business environment, preferable technology or financial services.
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to Austin, TX. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 135,000 - 180,000
Annual Bonus Target: 15
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote