Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is looking for a Senior Financial Risk Analyst to help expand its Risk capabilities with the goal of driving capital efficiency and risk management across Circles products and services. The Financial Risk team within Treasury is responsible for identifying, quantifying, and assisting to manage financial risks associated with Circles product offerings, including USDC, a leading stablecoin. This team also plays a key role in partnering with the Product, Legal, and Regulatory teams for the development of products while mitigating the risk to create value for Circles customers. You will play a key role in Circles efforts to develop best in class financial risk functions.
What youll work on: 

Building models to predict financial and credit exposures, as well as preparing periodic reports for management summarizing key findings.
Developing and implementing policies and procedures to monitor and manage financial, credit, and liquidity risk for Circles products and services. 
Collecting and evaluating data to prepare models.
Developing analysis and framework related to regulatory initiatives.
Innovating ways to identify key risks  concentrations and implementing processes to actively monitor these risks.
Preparing reports for senior management and regulatory authorities.
Building deep and trusted partnerships with teams across Circle to shape decision making.
Working closely with business to underwrite external counterparties.  

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

4 years of experience in Treasury, Capital Markets, or Risk Modeling.
Bachelors degree in quantitative discipline, economics, or closely related field required, Masters degree preferred. 
Knowledge of market activities including investment portfolios, collateral management, liquidity risk, credit assessment, and regulatory frameworks for banks.
Strong understanding of risk, liquidity, and financial products. Understanding of alternative investments and hedge funds preferred.
Understanding of financial accounting, specifically as it relates to credit risk.
Experience working with and synthesizing large data sets.
Strong understanding of statistics required. 
Experience with R, Python, or SQL preferred.
Experience with econometrics modeling is preferred.
Proven ability to build strong collaborative working relationships with business partners and executives.
An enthusiastic roll up your sleeves mentality.
Ability to work in ambiguity and thrive in an unstructured, fast-moving environment. 
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to Chicago, IL. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 105,000 - 140,000
Annual Bonus Target: 12.5
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote