Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.Engineering at Circle:
In 2020, Circle unveiled Circle APIs: a set of solutions and smarter technology to help businesses accept payments in a more global, scalable and efficient alternative to traditional banking rails (spoiler: were using USD Coin under the hood).
In 2021, Circle launched Circle Account and Verite to help our users earn, manage, and secure their funds.  We built foundational industry partnerships which grew USDC market cap by 10x. To broaden the utility of USDC, we also added support for digital dollars on 6 new blockchains: SOL, XLM, HBAR, TRX, AVAX, FLOW.
Over the next year, we will continue to grow USD Coin and the Circle API platform to become the 1 US dollar stablecoin of the world by building, scaling and partnering with both web2 and web3 ecosystems. Expect to see product announcements and launches for L1, L2, DEFI, and Identity solutions!
If youre data-driven, interested in building something meaningful and would love to work in an entrepreneurial environment, we cant wait to hear from you.
Here is our team hierarchy for individual contributors:
Principal Software Engineer (VI)
Senior Staff Software Engineer (V)
Staff Software Engineer (IV)
Senior Software Engineer (III)
Software Engineer (II)
Software Engineer (I)
 
Join Circles Engineering Talent Community
Interested in building the future of the internet and finance with us at Circle, but dont see a role thats a fit? Fill in your information below to let us know whats driven you toward us.
Maybe our values speak to you, or a team is doing work that interests you. Maybe USDC and our offerings resonate with you, or youre ready to break into the Web3 and digital asset space. Well, we want to know!
We love that youre interested in joining us! Well do our part to be on the lookout for any roles that could fit your skills and interests.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote