Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is looking for an experienced business leader to join our Ecosystem Partnerships team. The ideal candidate will have a track record of identifying, negotiating, closing and delivering complex deals into Web3 companies and financial institutions. 
We are looking for someone with experience or strong interest in Digital Assets to build and maintain meaningful relationships with stakeholders at the worlds largest crypto exchanges.
You will be directly responsible for:

Delivering on a set of ambitious company-level business objectives.
Establishing strategic partnerships with organizations across the Web3 space to drive the adoption and growth of USDC.
Executing and providing oversight on the execution of commercial deals with organizations across a variety of Web3 segments for Circles suite of products and services - including treasury, custody and developer-focused offerings.
Creating, operationalizing and owning a robust growth program to maximize ROI across Web3 ecosystem initiatives.

What youll work on: 
You will work with Circle leadership and key stakeholders to develop and execute a comprehensive go-to-market and partnerships strategy for key Web3 segments, which will include:

Originating and managing a large portfolio of opportunities, driving pipeline momentum, developing  executing comprehensive GTM plans for key initiatives and identifying opportunities to validate beta products.
Develop partnership strategies focused on driving adoption of Circles existing products and identify opportunities to validate beta products.
Work closely with Circles product and business teams to tailor Circles offerings to the needs of exchange partners.
Build and maintain executive relationships with key decision makers to help expand partnerships with exchanges and their ecosystems.
Provide market intelligence and feedback to Circles leadership team to inform product and business strategy.
Work with product to validate market assumptions, build go-to market plans and ultimately strike deals with leading ecosystem businesses.
Cultivating a team culture that is extremely high integrity, collaborative, customer-focused, metrics-driven, fast-paced, and optimistic.
Identifying and coordinating the development of new programs, resources, and capabilities required to close new business opportunities and achieve company-level OKRs in the region.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 
Experience

12 years of experience in business development experience in Web3 or financial services industry. Strong understanding of the financial services landscape, including regulatory frameworks, industry trends, and market dynamics.
Fintech and cryptocurrency: Familiarity with the fintech and cryptocurrency industries, including key players, products, and trends.
Cross-cultural competence: Understanding of cultural differences and ability to work effectively across cultures and geographies.
Proven track record of building and maintaining relationships with key stakeholders, and negotiating successful partnerships. 
Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Business level Mandarin and English a requirement.
An appetite for work travel (25 required).

Skills

Excellent communicator, strong written communication skills and can synthesize prospective deals effectively. 
Self-driven, Comfortable with independent work and project management.
Experience with financial modeling and developing projections on potential partnership opportunities.
Strategic thinking: Ability to develop and execute a strategic business development plan.
Ability to create and deliver presentations tailored to the audience needs and varying levels.
Ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams, including product, marketing, compliance and legal teams to ensure successful execution of business development initiatives.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote