Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for:
Circle is looking for an exceptional individual who serves the needs of developers, entrepreneurs, creators, and builders in the Developer and Ecosystem Marketing team. We are seeking an Ecosystem Growth Manager to support Circles developer onboarding strategies and identify and inspire developers in pushing the boundaries of building with Circles applications and services.
What youll work on:

Support internal operational capabilities and programs (or strategically source external partners) to help create a full life cycle incubation-to-innovation and funding programs
Collaborate cross-functionally with engineering, product and cross-functional teams to execute the ecosystem growth initiatives 
Develop and manage relationships with top venture firms to educate them on how Circle can help their portfolio companies scale and grow by leveraging Circle products, protocols, services and go-to-market programs.
Work closely with ecosystem counterparties to ensure they are successfully engaging with the Circle products and protocols, making sure they have the technical and business resources required for optimal customer experience, and identifying additional opportunities for them to work more deeply with Circle
Build a strategy to generate awareness around the Circle ecosystem and onboard projects to Circles ecosystem.
Lead ecosystem growth focused partnerships efforts within CV portfolio companies
Collaborate with product and engineering teams to execute strategies to increase the number of active developers and projects in the ecosystem.

What youll bring to Circle:

3 years in business development, product management, startup experience a plus.
3 years in growth marketing experience or in an analytical role at a tech company.
Obsessed with delivering the best builder user experience.
Ownership mentality; you are the sole owner of your vision and initiatives and will do what is required to ensure success.
Experience in preparing and monitoring budgets and analyzing financial data
Excellent technical understanding of blockchain technologies.
Excellent understanding of blockchain ecosystems.
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills, including the ability to speak to different constituencies such as business development, communications, and engineering internally and externally.
Ability to work autonomously, be proactive, prioritize, communicate, and function in a small team.
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote