Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is looking for a Senior Analyst to join the Investment Operations team who owns the investment of the reserves backing Circles stablecoins, including USD Coin (USDC) and Euro Coin (EUROC). As thought leaders on investment and risk management, this team is responsible for ensuring that reserves are invested pursuant to approved investment policies, while also ensuring that Circle effectively manages its financial resources to account for ongoing changes in the size and composition of the reserve. As the Investment Operations Senior Analyst, you will be responsible for helping analyze market factors which will be used to articulate an ongoing and evolving strategy for investing the reserve. 
What youll work on: 

Leading and supporting all operational functions relevant to the management of stablecoin reserves. This includes daily cash movements including investments and rebalancing, reconciliation of accounts, positions and contractual obligations, development of enhanced reporting capturing all relevant metrics,  and development and maintenance of Policies, Standards and Procedures.
Optimizing fiat reserve positioning with respect to liquidity and return.
Developing a view of market factors, and ensuring an effective strategy for generating yield through a combination of banking partners and investment managers.
Investing the stablecoin reserve pursuant to the approved investment policy.
Helping to scale the stablecoin reserves function to support expected continued robust growth in stablecoin balances, geographies and currencies. 
Building and maintaining relationships with new and existing financial partners.
Conducting due diligence of prospective financial partners.
Maintaining an effective risk management framework to ensure liquidity and capital sufficiency in regular and stressed environments.
Developing stablecoin reporting to demonstrate Circles compliance with all applicable financial regulations and best practices.
Representing Investment Operations and Treasury in both internal cross-functional and external partnership meetings.
Leading evaluation and implementation of automation solutions for relevant processes to minimize manual reporting and process flows.
Partnering with internal stakeholders to develop a leading data strategy that allows timely and accurate reporting and decision making.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards. You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle:

4 years of related experience in Treasury, Finance or Operations.
Strong operational background with an understanding of current market innovations and trends.
Knowledge of markets activities including investment portfolios, collateral management and liquidity pools. 
Established ability to organize, analyze and interpret large data sets to explain irregularities or trends.
Ability to manage multiple competing priorities and use good judgment to establish order or priorities on the fly.
Established ability to build new processes and workflows as needed.
Self-motivated and creative problem-solver.
Strong technical skills including knowledge of coding language(s) (Python, R, etc.) are preferred.
Bachelors degree in Finance, Economics, Computer Science or Business related field.
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to San Francisco, CA. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 115,000 - 155,000
Annual Bonus Target: 12.50
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote