Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for:
Circle is looking for a passionate Security Leader with an expertise in Blockchain Security, deep understanding of different Blockchain technologies and Cloud based Product development. Youll be part of the Security Engineering team and closely partner with the Engineering teams responsible for the development, deployment of USDC and supporting services.
What youll work on: 

Own Circles Blockchain Security strategy, implementation and operationalization
Perform due diligence on potential Blockchains where USDC may be deployed to, in partnership with Product Compliance, Product and Engineering teams.
Recommend and validate Security controls and improvements across our technology stack
Own and build relationships with key external stakeholders such as customers, vendors, and auditors
Produce data-based reports on technology risk for senior management
Drive continuous improvement in the tech stack

You will aspire to our four core values: 

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals.
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards. You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

12 years of experience as a security engineer or product security engineering leader with a minimum of five years (can be overlapping) with a focus on cybersecurity.
5 years demonstrated experience with security standard methodologies for Blockchain smart contract development and Cryptography
Demonstrated ability developing security controls that are easy to test and audit
Extensive knowledge of Security tool usage across SDLC including SAST, DAST andor Security end to end testing
Proven experience developing automated, scalable, and reproducible security practices
Proficiency in managing multiple competing priorities and use good judgment to establish order or priorities on the fly for themselves and their team.
Ability to influence internal and external customers to expediently resolve issues and achieve organizational objectives
The ability to design and operate controls that are easy to test and audit
Experience working in financial services or financial technology desired
Advanced degree in computer science, or related fields strongly preferred.
5 years proven experience building and managing small to medium sized teams
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to Washington, D.C. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 200,000 - 280,000
Annual Bonus Target: 20
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote