Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for:
Under the direction of the Assistant General Counsel, Products  Regulatory, you will play an immediate and direct role in providing legal support for scaling Circles product suite, ongoing licensing efforts, enterprise risk and compliance functions, and the policy and strategy function, advising the company on a wide-range of regulatory, compliance, governance, enterprise risk and policy matters, contributing to and overseeing a variety of design, implementation and operation objectives, aligning and coordinating priorities and activities with cross-functional stakeholders. We are looking for someone who is highly proactive, accountable, team-oriented, capable of managing multiple competing priorities, and excited to join a lean team that executes on a variety of novel and complex legal issues.
What youll work on:

Providing support to Circles global legal operations, risk management efforts and strategic business objectives and priorities.
Advising Circle stakeholders on, among other things, comprehensive approaches to a variety of product development initiatives, regulatory compliance and enterprise risk management matters and guidance.
Collaborating closely with product, policy, business, compliance and enterprise risk team members to define scope, engage stakeholders, prioritize and drive execution of key initiatives.
Owning and managing multiple projects, legally compliant process improvements and workstreams critical to large scale, complex initiatives.
Advising on product and regulatory assessments, and leading adoption of jurisdictionally compliant legal principles, ensuring compliance by design into business operations.
Providing thought leadership consistent with Circles related business objectives, strategies, policies, standards and procedures.
Proactively identifying a variety of compliance risk areas and strategies to mitigate them.

In addition to core work on Products  Regulatory issues, you will. . .  

Structure, negotiate and draft complex fintech, payments, crypto and tech transactions, addressing legal risk in business-centric ways with the goal of strengthening partnerships and advancing opportunities.
Managing corporate governance matters, including reviewing, maintaining and updating various corporate governance documents, policies, procedures and local filings, and  assisting in the preparation of agendas, materials, resolutions and minutes for local entity meetings of the Board.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

7 years of legal experience with a strong, demonstrated knowledge of:

The ability to manage a variety of initiatives, matters and transactions requiring an analysis and distillation of relevant laws, regulations, and industry standards, ideally in a financial services environment, and experience in performing supporting complex legal research and preparing legal memoranda intended for internal clients and senior leadership
APAC regional laws and issues relevant to Circles business and in relation to evolving product and technology requirements and standards in the fintech, payments andor cryptocurrency and blockchain ecosystems. 
Broad product development and compliance experience in the cryptopaymentsfintech industry and experience interfacing with applicable regulatory agencies holding jurisdiction over the same. 


Extensive experience drafting and negotiating complex fintech, financial services and technology agreements in a regulated environment.

Experience working in the APAC region preferred (in-house law department or top-tier law firm); connections to the APAC region also preferred.
Experience working with and presenting to diverse, cross-functional teams and senior leadership.
You are passionate about Circles mission and values, financial technology and the disruptive potential of cryptocurrency and blockchains.
You are comfortable working outside of your comfort zone in an evolving and growing environment that is prone to rapid changes, extreme velocity and managing multiple projects simultaneously.
You apply sound, practical business judgment to your legal recommendations, and are creative at solving problems while balancing important legal risks for the business.
You can exercise good judgment in time-sensitive, high-pressure situations, work autonomously and independently with minimal guidance and are also comfortable working collaboratively as part of a team.
You are obsessively organized, energetic, passionate about supporting your team a team player.
You possess a J.D. (or foreign equivalent degree) and active membership in at least one U.S. State Bar.
Three (3) years minimum prior experience at a top-tier law firm. 
Willingness to be located in Singapore.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Fluency in oral and written English.
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.
An appetite for work travel.
Cantonese or Mandarin language preferred but not essential (due to interaction with partners in the region).
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote