Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
In this role, reporting directly to the Chief Operating Officer, youll serve as Circles trusted global Editor-In-Chief. Your responsibilities include leading the strategy, planning, research, and creation of premier global marketing content aimed at inspiring and engaging our audience. You should have a deep understanding of the crypto industry and a passion for Circles potential to revolutionize the exchange of value. Your goal is to align our marketing content with business objectives and oversee its execution.
Your work will make our global audiences eager to use Circles products, notably USDC and Web3 Services. Collaboration with various internal teams like Product, Product Marketing, Policy  Corporate Communications, Investor Relations, and Business Development is essential. Your proven approach ensures that all marketing content, regardless of format or audience, is prioritized effectively, articulated exceptionally, and achieves measurable engagement goals. You thrive in fast-paced, global environments, ready to adapt and reprioritize as our ecosystem evolves.
What youll work on: 

Collaborating with the VP, Creative Lab to craft compelling global messaging that promotes frictionless value exchange through our products and services.
Applying creative thinking and copywriting to brand experience projects across various touchpoints, adapting content for different audiences.
Leading and empowering a team of 2-3 copywriters focused on enabling frictionless finance through versatile content creation. Demonstrating a hands-on approach, capable of both leading and actively participating in content creation when necessary.
Encouraging open and productive communication with critical internal partners, ensuring a unified approach to content marketing objectives.
Developing an annual marketing editorial plan and thematic calendar, linked to deliverables throughout the year.
Conducting creative reviews, providing feedback to the writing team, and managing feedback from collaborators across the company.
Ensuring consistent tone and brand across all content and target audiences, while continuously analyzing content performance to enhance the impact of our messaging.
Building the capability to localize content quickly and at scale in alignment with global expansion efforts.
Exploring the use of AI to streamline content creation processes and free up time for higher-level thinking.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail. 
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards. You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

Deep demonstrated passion for the potential of digital currency and proven interest in crypto and financial markets, the global macroeconomy, and a strong commercial instinct. Meaningful experience and understanding of the regulated global financial services industry is a plus.
12 years leadership positions within a highly effective content marketing engine for a global, internet-scale company, ideally in the fintech industry.
Deep experience engendering trust and collaborating with key internal partners to prioritize content deliverables to best align with the companys global strategy and critical metrics amidst a fast-paced, ever-changing, multifaceted environment.
Exceptional writer and player-coach who can remotely lead a lean content production team by example (2-3 reports to start) to find opportunities to proactively craft the most impactful content possible, including co-creation with ecosystem partners where relevant. You possess the humility to accept feedback, a growth mindset, and the ability to learn with curiosity, especially given our exceptionally fast-paced, complex, and multidimensional industry.
Can turn global strategy and planning into actionable goals, responsible budgets, content production, and return on investment assessment, while bridging our overall business strategy with internal team member needs. 
Proven track record of analyzing the impact of messaging to constantly improve the engagement results of any given piece of content.
Affinity for program management and using technology solutions to help scale our teams processes, and comfort with GSuite applications, as well as other tech SaaS tools (such as AI, SQL, Figma, Slack, Coda, etc.).

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 240,000 - 325,000
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote