Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is looking for a transaction monitoring expert to join our Financial Crimes Compliance team. Reporting to the Global Head of Financial Crimes Compliance, the Director, Financial Crimes Transaction Monitoring, will be responsible for enhancing the design of our global AMLCTF transaction monitoring program, across both fiat and crypto. The ideal candidate will have extensive experience working with financial intelligence, data and engineering teams to design transaction monitoring systems and scenarios, and is looking to find creative approaches to detect financial crimes in the fast-changing crypto ecosystem.
What youll work on: 

Owning Circles global AMLCTF transaction monitoring program, including definition of scenarios, rules and thresholds.
Working closely with the Financial Intelligence Unit and Investigations Operations teams to enhance transaction monitoring based on SARs filed and broader ecosystem intelligence.
Partnering with Compliance Data  Technology, Product, and Engineering teams to implement enhancements to the transaction monitoring systems.
Driving scenario testing and tuning exercises to identify optimal transaction monitoring scenarios and thresholds.
Identifying opportunities to improve the overall efficacy of the transaction monitoring program, including but not limited to, use of machine learning and artificial intelligence to detect unusual activity.
Staying at the forefront of money laundering, terrorist financing and other financial crimes risks and typologies, and technologies to detect suspicious activity.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards. You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

A passion for harnessing the power of digital currency and blockchain technology and services built on top of it.
B.A.B.S. degree; quantitative or technical degree a plus.
12 years of relevant experience in AMLCTF, with a minimum of 5 years developing transaction monitoring programs.
5 years of experience managing and leading teams. 
Deep knowledge of global financial crimes transaction monitoring programs and systems.
Deep understanding of cryptocurrency transactions, risks and typologies.
Experience with blockchain analytics and monitoring platforms, such as TRM Labs, Chainalysis or Elliptic.
An innovative and creative mind looking to suggest new solutions to old problems.
Proven experience working collaboratively and effectively with the ability to work with multiple stakeholders and internal teams.
Experience and comfort working in an ever changing industry and the flexibility to quickly react to changing demands.
CGSS, CAMS, or CFCS certification is a plus.
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to Salt Lake City, UT. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 180,000 - 245,000
Annual Bonus Target: 20
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote