Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is looking for an outstanding individual who serves the needs of builders in the Developer and Ecosystem Marketing team! We are seeking a Developer Ecosystem Director to lead the delivery and growth of our ecosystem development programs and projects. You will create, own, and implement Circles developer expansion strategies to push the boundaries of building with Circles applications and services. You will run engagement operations and supporting teams, leading cross-functional projects, and cultivating relationships with multichain partners and the broader community. The role may also require leading teams across multiple time zones to deliver programming virtually or in person. The ideal candidate will have strong collaboration skills and spend the majority of time partnering with our Product, Engineering, and other functions within our Marketing team to support the broader global needs of the company and our team.
What youll work on: 

Crafting internal operational capabilities and programs (or strategically source external partners) to help build a full life cycle incubation-to-innovation and funding programs, where an interested developer could go from hackathon participant to being funded by grant programs to building and sustaining tooling for the Circle ecosystem
Creating and managing systems to accelerate developer onboarding and growth 
Handling enterprise developers sourcing, reach, onboarding, and growth strategies to build a pipeline of projects and developers using Circle products
Creating clear incentives for the creation of enterprise infrastructure and developer tools to facilitate new project development 
Helping external teams navigate the Circle ecosystems: available technical solutions, partners  economics considerations, funding opportunities, etc.
Collaborating with business, product, and engineering teams to develop and execute strategies to increase the number of active developers in the ecosystem

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

12 years in business development, product management, startup experience a plus
5 years in growth marketing experience or in an analytical role at a tech company
Passionate about delivering the best developer user experience
Ownership mentality; you are the sole owner of your vision and initiatives and will do what is required to ensure success
Ability to build strong partnerships to develop and cultivate a network of ambitious ecosystem actors
Excellent technical understanding of blockchain technologies and ecosystems
Excellent communication skills to coordinate outreach, events that commence new engagements, ad build trust and community participation
Excellent interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills, including the ability to speak to different constituencies such as business development, communications, and engineering internally and externally
Ability to work autonomously, be proactive, prioritize, communicate, and function in a small team
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote