Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is looking for a seasoned and practical tax professional who is interested in helping to build a first class tax department.  This role will serve as the primary Tax point of contact for the Product team, and maintain an end-to-end tax view of the product life cycle, including participating in product reviews, understanding product roadmap and ensuring that tax risks are identified and mitigated.
What youll work on: 

Owning the TaxProduct relationship on an end-to-end basis, which consists of serving as the Tax point of contact for all product reviews and launch readiness, as well as ensuring that any tax reporting requirements arising from the operation of Circle products are met.
Partnering with other Finance partners as part of an integrated risk management framework which includes Tax, Accounting, Treasury, and FPA.
Identifying indirect tax, information reporting obligations, and any other relevant issues as part of the product review process.
Monitoring regulatory developments which impact product build and data reporting requirements and partnering with Product  Engineering to incorporate new requirements as needed.
Developing and managing information flow between Product and Tax Operations,  keeping the team apprised of product changes, development, and overall roadmap.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

12 years of professional experience with at least 3 years of relevant experience in a Tax function supporting Product teams.
5 years of experience managing and leading teams.
Ability to explain complex tax concepts to non-Tax teammates effectively to ensure awareness and understanding of risk management profile.
Demonstrated ability to work cross functionally to solve problems.   
Familiarity and experience with US Information reporting requirements, including compliance processes.
Experience with various types of indirect tax regimes, including US salesuse tax; working knowledge of VAT, GST, and other regimes preferable.
High tolerance for ambiguity, and the ability to consistently articulate clear advice and guidance in the face of rapidly changing facts.
Experience with indirect tax software, including involvement in configuration and implementation.
Experience with information reporting compliance, including managing 3rd party service providers.
Prior Fintech or Crypto experience preferred. 
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to Salt Lake City, UT. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 190,000 - 255,000
Annual Bonus Target: 20
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote