Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is looking for a treasury analyst who will support day-to-day treasury banking operations. You will help to ensure the successes of critical operational functions, including bank accounts, cash flow, AP, internal controls, and wire processing. You will also participate in the development of related processes and help lead projects to ensure alignment with Treasury objectives, as it relates to cash and financial risk management. 
What youll work on: 

Supporting corporate treasury needs including accounting, accounts payable, funding, and month-end close support.
Monitoring the settlement of fiat movement across all payment rails for both corporate and customers transactions. Performing reconciliation and troubleshooting payment issues according to process and procedures. 
Performing bank account maintenance including signer maintenance, access audits, debit blocks.
Assisting in bank account openings, closings, and regular account maintenance.
Collaborating closely with internal stakeholders to ensure end to end process flows are executed according to regulatory requirements and internal controlsprocesses, as well as documenting evidence of compliance. Internal stakeholders include Compliance, Customer Care, various Treasury teams, Audit, Accounting, Product, Engineering, etc. 
Supporting the relationships with key external payment operations stakeholders at banks and other payment service providers, coordinating and resolving process issues, as well as building new processes as the company and product offerings scale. 
Performing day to day reporting needs for the Treasury team including FBAR reporting, cash reporting, report maintenance, automation and other associated reporting needs. Providing insights into spending trends, cash flow analytics, as well as inputs into forecasting processes for Circle.
Developing our internal treasury management system for bank account maintenance and utilization for reporting and cash positioning.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

2 years of experience in treasury, banking, payments industry or related field.
Strong work ethic and ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to manage multiple competing priorities. 
Established ability to independently organize and analyze data; attention to detail and high level of accuracy. 
Experience in core cash and bank management or payments industry preferred.
Experience with treasury management systems; Kyriba experience preferred. 
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 77,500 - 97,500
Annual Bonus Target: 10
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote