Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for:
Circle is looking for a Product Manager to lead the build out of our liquidity infrastructure that will power the seamless movement of money between fiat and crypto around the world. The Liquidity team delivers the infrastructure that allows all of our products including stablecoin issuance and redemption to access global banking and payment rails. This is a great opportunity to build a core money movement layer that is used by all of Circles products and customers.  You will work closely with customers, engineering, as well as a broad set of internal teams such as treasury, compliance and legal to build global fiat on and off ramps for our stablecoins that are used by thousands of businesses and impact millions of end users around the world.
What youll work on:

Owning product vision, feature set, and roadmap. You will conceive, build and maintain product, platform and tooling features that deliver on our customers needs to on and off ramp from any of our stablecoins anywhere in the world. 
Collaborating with various teams across Circle, understanding customer pain points and discussing new product ideas, communicating product vision, strategy and roadmaps, and gaining alignment as well as unblocking progress.
Interacting with multiple banking partners to deeply understand their capabilities, and translate our needs into business cases, feature themes, product requirements and roadmaps.
Managing multiple parallel projects and iterations alongside engineering, and ensuring the delivery of feature releases.
Identifying and prioritizing product and process improvements that drive better payment success rates and reduce time to settlement for a best-in-class customer experience. 

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle:
Lead Product Manager

You have more than 7 years of product management experience, having shipped several commercial products or platforms.
You have previous domain expertise in payments, treasury management or other regulated financial services use cases. Ideally you have previous technical experience with bank integrations and payments on a global scale.
You are tremendously excited by the prospect of financial services built on crypto assets and public blockchain infrastructure.
You are detail-oriented, highly analytical and comfortable digging into data. 
You have led several complex product initiatives from beginning to end. You have successfully maintained and grown products which generated material revenue.
You are a fantastic communicator both verbally and in writing. You are used to effectively interfacing with customers and executives, as well as architects and developers. You can influence partners and get to consensus.
Youre able to work effectively in a fully remote environment with teams spanning multiple time-zones. You have experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.

Principal Product Manager

All the requirements of a Lead Product Manager and:
You have more than 10 years of product management experience, having evolved product portfolios that have attracted meaningful customer adoption and generated significant revenue.
You have owned product strategy for complex commercial products. You have experience identifying and managing risks associated with products you own.
You have mentored other product managers in the past. You have demonstrated experience influencing partners and executives in order to achieve results.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation ranges below are specific to Atlanta, GA. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Lead Product Manager
Base Pay Range: 170,000 - 225,000
Annual Bonus Target: 15
Principal Product Manager
Base Pay Range: 197,500 - 262,500
Annual Bonus Target: 18
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote