Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for:
Circle is looking for an exceptional Senior Accountant. As a Senior Accountant you will be the lead representative in all customer transactional flow accounting needs across varying business units including reconciliation, journal entries, exception monitoring and analysis.  As a multi-entity, international company, you will work with multiple banking partners, processing platforms and varying currencies. You will also work closely with the general finance team.
What youll work on:

Complete month end close processes in accordance with relevant accounting standards  in the area of cash movements, intercompany, accruals, prepaids and fixed asset journal entries.
Prepare month-end balance sheet reconciliations for all EMEA entities.
Perform fluctuation analysis to analyse changes in accounts and confirm the expenses are appropriately recorded to the correct account and department.
Work in collaboration with Tax, Compliance, Legal and Treasury departments to ensure that all reporting requirements are met.
Support the implementation of new tools and processes to streamline accounting operations.
Prepare balance sheet reconciliations and financial information as needed.
Prepare monthly financial reports in accordance with local accounting standards.
Assist with the internal and external audits for several Circle entities, taking ownership of agreed areas and delivery directly to auditors.
Perform special accounting analysis and projects, as requested.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle:

Bachelors degree in Accounting, Finance or Business.
Minimum of 4 years of accounting experience.
Big 4 preferred.
ACCAACACIMA qualified. 
Working knowledge ofIFRS (required) and US GAAP (desirable).
Strong technical accounting skills and be current with regulations and compliance issues.
Organized, detailed, proactive, self-motivated, collaborative, multi-tasker, and creative.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Proven ability to excel in a fast-paced environment is extremely important.
Ability to prioritize workloads and ensure tasks are completed timely.
High integrity and ability to handle confidential information.
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote