Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.Engineering at Circle:
Over the past year, Circle has been expanding its product offerings and unveiled Circle APIs: a set of solutions and smarter technology to help businesses accept payments in a more global, scalable and efficient alternative to traditional banking rails (spoiler: were using USD Coin under the hood).
Over the next 12 months, were going to rapidly grow our API customer base and enable even more businesses to easily integrate and benefit from the breakthrough of programmable money on the internet.
If youre data-driven, interested in building something meaningful and would love to work in an entrepreneurial environment, we cant wait to hear from you.
You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll do:
As a Software Engineer Intern on the Circle Platform Services team, you will build and own scalable microservices that are responsible for reliable and secure APIs that transfer value  assets across all blockchain protocols (think Bitcoin and Ethereum, for example) as well as traditional banking protocols (think credit cards, bank transfers etc).
Youll work on:

Challenging (and fun!) problems centered around digital currencies  their adoption. Did we mention that Circle launched a programmable dollar called USD Coin (or USDC)?
Collaborating with our Product and Engineering teams to design, develop, test and ship phenomenal Circle features
Building publicly accessible APIs that make it simple for developers to integrate with complex payment systems
Integrating Platform Services with leading banks  financial technologies to allow an ever greater number of Circle customers access to fast, secure  low cost payment channels
Writing the infrastructure to deliver great payment experiences, including data sources (SQL or NoSQL), messaging systems and APIs
Extending Circles in-house blockchain systems infrastructure to support the tokenization of the world 

Youll bring to Circle (Not all required):

Interest andor experience in object oriented languages like Java and Go.
Experience with payment systems like credit cards and bank transfers
A broad understanding of API design and REST principles
Experience with Cloud Services (AWS, Google Cloud, Microsoft Azure, etc)
Experience with SQL databases and designing schemas
Experience in the deployment of production-quality, scalable software
A focus on coding standards and code quality -- a desire to have great test coverage to enable continuous delivery
Excellent communication skills, able to collaborate with remote teams, share ideas and present concepts effectively
Passion, initiative, and a curious mindset—you enjoy moving at a fast pace, shipping software that improves the user experience and constantly improving your work with little supervision

Additional Information:
Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range for this role added below is specific to the location of this job posting. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay: 40 per hourWe are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote