Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for:
Circle is looking for a Project Manager, IT to lead the development and implementation of a comprehensive IT framework for project management. The position will be responsible for ensuring the alignment of all IT initiatives with the companys overall business strategy, and that projects are delivered on time, within budget, and to the satisfaction of key stakeholders.
What youll work on:

Developing and implementing an IT framework for Project Management (PMO) focused on ITIL standard methodologies that supports Circles strategic goals and objectives.
Leading quarterly planning and ensuring that IT initiatives are properly scoped, planned, and resourced to meet business requirements.
Monitoring and reporting on project status, progress, and risks.
Implementing and maintaining project management processes, tools, and methodologies to ensure consistent and effective delivery of IT initiatives.
Leading XFN projects to deliver IT initiatives and goals.
Identifying and implementing opportunities for continuous improvement in IT and PMO processes and practices.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals.
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards. You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle:

Bachelors degree in computer science, information technology, or related field.
7 years of experience in IT governance or IT project management with 1-2 years in a complex project leadership role preferred.
Strong knowledge of IT governance frameworks, project management methodologies, and IT risk management.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build partnership with business leaders and key team members.
Solid ability to manage project budgets and resources effectively.
Experience in financial services or related fields is preferred.
Certifications in IT governance and project management (e.g. Agile, COBIT, PMP) are preferred.
Nice to have: Conversational in Mandarin Chinese.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to Los Angeles, CA. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 140,000 - 185,000
Annual Bonus Target: 15
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote