Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is seeking a highly motivated and experienced Business Development Director to join our Global Wholesale Liquidity team. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record of identifying, negotiating, closing and delivering complex deals into Market Makers, OTC or Trading desks.
We are looking for someone with a thorough understanding of the financial services landscape, have experience or strong interest in Digital Assets and be able to build and maintain meaningful relationships with key stakeholders.
What youll work on: 

Identify and evaluate potential wholesale partners and opportunities for Circles products and services.
Build and maintain relationships with key stakeholders, including regulators, financial institutions and other industry participants.
Work closely with Circles product and marketing teams to tailor Circles offerings to the needs of partners in emerging markets.
Lead negotiations and deal structuring with potential partners.
Financial modeling and forecasting projections on perspective partnerships.
Provide market intelligence and feedback to Circles leadership team to inform product and business strategy.
Developing partnership strategies focused on driving adoption of Circles existing products and identifying opportunities to validate beta products.
Working with product to validate market assumptions, build go-to market plans and ultimately strike deals with leading ecosystem businesses.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 
Experience: 

10 years of experience in business development, investment banking or sales  trading. Financial services industry: Strong understanding of the financial services landscape, including regulatory frameworks, industry trends, and market dynamics. Experience on trading floors and understanding trading structure is a plus, particularly in FICC and FX markets. 
Fintech and cryptocurrency: Familiarity with the fintech and cryptocurrency industries, including key players, products, and trends.
Cross-cultural competence: Understanding of cultural differences and ability to work effectively across cultures and geographies.
Proven track record of building and maintaining relationships with key stakeholders, and negotiating successful partnerships. 
Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Business Level of English. Additional language skills are a plus. 
FINRA Series 7, 63 or other regional securities licensing a strong plus. 
An appetite for work travel (25 required depending on time of year).

Skills:

Excellent communicator, strong written communication skills and can synthesize prospective deals effectively.
Self-driven, Comfortable with independent work and project management.
Experience with financial modeling and developing projections on potential partnership opportunities.
Strategic thinking: Ability to develop and execute a strategic business development plan.
Ability to create and deliver presentations tailored to the audience needs and varying levels.
Ability to work effectively with cross-functional teams, including product, marketing, compliance and legal teams to ensure successful execution of business development initiatives.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to New York, NY. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 175,000 - 210,000
Bonus: 20
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote