Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is seeking a dynamic Senior Finance Analyst to join our Commercial Finance team. As a crucial member of the team, you will collaborate closely with cross-functional leaders to offer invaluable insights into key business trends and performance metrics. Your role will involve conducting comprehensive financial analyses on business deals and new product launches. By working within a robust finance team, you will actively contribute to enhancing business visibility through forecasting, strategic analysis, dashboard creation, and company-wide reporting.
What youll work on: 

Strategic Collaboration: Forging active partnerships with functional leaders, delivering comprehensive reporting on Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) that guide informed decision-making.
Empower Pricing Strategy: Taking ownership of data analysis work streams, generating actionable insights that underpin pricing and go-to-market strategies, as well as business trend analysis.
Modeling for Success: Developing sophisticated financial models and conducting scenario analyses to assess the viability of business deals and the potential impact of new product launches. Challenge assumptions to ensure robust decision-making while appropriately balancing precision and efficiency.
Insightful Reporting: Crafting and managing both monthly and ad hoc reports and dashboards that offer a clear snapshot of business health and progress toward strategic initiatives.
Assist Leadership Decision-Making: Collaborating closely with leadership, leveraging financial expertise to drive sound decision-making at the highest levels.
Board-Level Contribution: Contributing to forecasting and analysis for board-level reports and presentations, ensuring a data-driven approach to strategic discussions.
Holistic Analysis: Applying advanced financial analysis techniques to provide deep insights, trends, and analysis on critical business issues, enabling senior stakeholders to make well-informed choices.
Driving Financial Visibility: Leading revenue and cost forecasting and recognition, including meticulous variance analysis to inform proactive decision-making.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

Emotional Intelligence Champion: Showcase high emotional intelligence, empathy, and self-awareness, emphasizing a team-oriented approach that prioritizes client and customer satisfaction.
Seasoned Experience: Bring a minimum of 4 years of Finance  Strategy  FPA experience, marked by a proven ability to analyze extensive datasets.
Excel in Data Mastery: Possess advanced proficiency in Google Sheets  Microsoft Excel, using these tools effectively to create meaningful financial insights.
Data Proficiency: Demonstrate proficiency in data analysis through SQL, with a preference for familiarity with programming languages such as R or Python.
Data Synthesis Expert: Show expertise in manipulating both structured and, preferably, on-chain data, translating findings into impactful executive-level presentations.
Analytical Excellence: Display a consistent track record of exceptional financial and strategic analyses, translating findings into actionable recommendations.
Master Storyteller: Leverage strong communication skills to craft compelling narratives with financial data, communicate complex concepts to a variety of stakeholders.
Stakeholder Engagement: Highlight your ability to build and nurture partnerships with stakeholders at all levels, contributing to the creation of dashboards and efficient, repeatable processes.
Holistic Business Acumen: Exhibit a dedication to understanding all aspects of the business, transcending finance to provide comprehensive partnership across the organization.
Startup Thrive: Thrive in a dynamic, innovative startup environment characterized by rapid change and evolution.
Educational Foundation: Hold a Bachelors degree, providing you with a solid academic grounding.
Tech-Savviness: Possess experience or familiarity with tools such as Slack, Apple MacOS, and GSuite.
Note: SQL Proficiency: Be prepared for a SQL test as part of the hiring process.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to Boston, MA. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 112,500 - 145,000
Annual Bonus Target: 12.5
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote