Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
The Chief of Staff will collaborate closely with the CEO, COO, and other ELT members to drive both tactical and strategic agendas. A deep passion for crypto and a strong desire to understand Circles operations and strategy are essential!
In this cross-functional role, youll work with the CEO and COO on various critical initiatives, including international expansion, objectives and key results, program development, enhancing ELT communication, and other important projects. Your role as a strategic thought partner will significantly amplify the impact of our CEO and COO on critical business matters.
What youll work on: The work you do will mostly touch on these three primary focus areas: Strategic Plan Implementation, Operational Effectiveness, and Communication Effectiveness. Responsibilities will include: 

Partnering with the CEO and COO in tracking executive leadership activities, including meeting management and action items.
Participating in key weekly and monthly meetings to inform the CEO and COO about internal developments.
Facilitating cross-functional efforts on critical initiatives, special projects, research, and more.
Supporting company-level objectives and key results program development and tracking, including reporting to the ELT and Board of Directors.
Improving internal efficiency and ELT alignment through information management and communication.
Collaborating with the COO on planning and managing global meetings and events.
Ensuring internal communications encompass relevant industry and cultural topics.
Assisting the COO in managing the companys operating system and decision-making processes.
Driving the creation and management of a Business Dashboard for the Board of Directors.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail. 
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards. You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

Deep demonstrated passion for the potential of digital currency as well as a clear interest in crypto and financial markets, the global macro-economy, and a strong commercial instinct.
5 years of prior internet-scale, global business experience, ideally gained from within groundbreaking industries such as: Web2 (FacebookMeta, Google, ABnB, Uber, AMZ, etc), management consulting, investment banking, venture capital, fintech.
5 years prior operational experience in one or more of the following fields: corporate development, business development, product management, product marketing, engineering, operations, finance.
Self-starter and productivity geek who takes ownership, prioritizes, manages multiple time-sensitive projects, and can meet competing deadlines with little guidance or oversight; ability to bring together multiple partners to help drive decisions - and do so while upholding our four company values.
Adaptability and enthusiasm to modulate between supporting leadership as a chief of staff, as well as working on division-wide projects.
Ability to travel significantly (e.g. 3-4x a quarter, including 1-2 weeks at a time for longer haul destinations.
Ability to evaluate proposals and initiatives, exercise independent judgment and make recommendations to senior leaders.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to Boston, MA. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 195,000 - 265,000
Annual Bonus Target: 20
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote