Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for:
As VP, France, you will be tasked with standing up and leading Circle, France, which will soon be the hub of our European business and a fully regulated entity. As such, you will be responsible for building and scaling business and operational best practices in France and Europe more broadly. A key member of our team, you will frequently interface with relevant regulators and will ultimately be responsible for Circles business in Europe. You will be responsible for ensuring that Circle, France is fully operational by leveraging Circles existing capabilities where possible and developing new capabilities where needed.   
What youll work on: 

Own the day-to-day interface with local regulators while convening Circle senior management, local compliance, local finance, and others as needed
Develop a centralized processes for engaging with regulators and regulatory bodies and tracking all communications, actions and outcomes
Provide support and input for related audits or examinations from internalexternal parties and collaborate with program leads to ensure findings are appropriately remediated
Ensure that any local statutory accounting, tax, treasury, HR, and other jurisdictionally-unique operational matters are managed appropriately and that the relevant Circle functions are prioritizing and resourcing appropriately
Translate all regulatory reporting requirements for our product and operations teams to follow; ensuring timely submissions of all required filings, as necessary
Support cross functional initiatives to track global laws and regulations that could potentially impact Circle
Proactively communicate regulatory changes with the wider Circle counterparts to ensure risks are identified and mitigated
Identify potential gaps and implementation opportunities and work cross functionally to build a long term foundation of Circle France
Encourage critical discussions and challenge mind-sets
Promote effective communication between the executive and non-executive employees

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle:

15 years relevant experience in general management, finance, operations, or related discipline
10 years of leading high performing teams
Detailed knowledge and experience in implementing and managing a regulated business and the ongoing operations in a financial services business
Excellent ability to investigate, analyze, and interpret data as well as local and federal regulations
Experience in a RegTech or Fintech company
Establishes trust and collaboration with cross-functional stakeholders and team members
Demonstrated understanding of and passion for harnessing the power of digital currency and blockchain technology and services built on top of it
Experience working hands-on with other cross-functional team leaders, such as engineers, product managers, data analysts, etc. to improve business processes
Strong communication, planning and project management skills
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote