Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is looking for an experienced Head of Financial Operations who will be responsible for building and operating many of Circles core finance processes (e.g., procure to pay, order to cash) as we grow and scale internationally. You will also be responsible for our finance systems, and for effective project leadership and management of complex, cross-functional finance projects, including our internationalization efforts. 
What youll work on: 

Designing, building, scaling, and operating core financial operations processes.
Develop and deliver upon a strategic systems roadmap.
Serving as the finance point of contact for our cross-functional international operations team.
Acting as project center of excellence for finance, leading and managing important cross functional projects.
Collaborating closely with Accounting, Tax, Treasury, FPA teams within finance, while also working closely with cross-functional partners including Product, Engineering, Business, Risk, and Compliance.
Build a high-performing team to execute upon the above.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

15 years of experience in financial operations, leading increasingly complex projects and operating processes across multiple jurisdictions.
10 years of management experience, including building effective, collaborative, and high performing teams.
Customer service mindset.
Ability to work in an ambiguous and rapidly changing environment.
Deep service operations experience including operating model and process design.
Experience collaborating cross functionally and driving results while working with a wide variety of stakeholders.
Experience leading complex projects, while setting objectives and ensuring accountability from project participants. 
Strong problem solving and communication skills.
Ability to travel up to 20 of the time.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to the location. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 227,500 - 307,500
Annual Bonus Target: 25
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote