Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circles expansion into global markets and the development of new USDC-related products necessitate your cross-functional involvement in aligning internal processes and corporate structures for each market. Your role includes figuring out appropriate entry strategy for different jurisdictions, ranging from local liaisons to full licensing, based on market demand and legislation. Youll lead cross-functional teams to establish the needed infrastructure and investments, covering aspects like staffing, co-marketing, licensing, banking, invoicing, taxes, and customer support.
Moreover, as Circle diversifies beyond its core USDC offering into network and technology services, your responsibility extends to ensuring the companys corporate and operational structure supports the delivery of these new products effectively. Your success in driving these processes hinges on your ability to partner across functions and achieve results.
What youll work on: 

Collaborating with Product, Legal, Compliance, and Finance teams to align and implement country-specific frameworks, structures, and investments for success.
Working with various departments, including PeopleTalent, Marketing, and Engineering, for country-specific operational needs, including hiring local leaders.
Operationalizing countries, either through co-marketing partnerships or licensed entities, ensuring regulatory compliance.
Establishing alignment frameworks, internal check-ins, and status update communications for country rollout plans.
Redefining strategy into actionable goals, budgets, and performance metrics, bridging global strategy with local requirements.
Developing a rollout playbook, setting achievements, removing roadblocks, and ensuring the right teams and leaders are in place regionally.
Personally committed to achieving company-level objectives and key results for global expansion and product success. 

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail. 
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards. You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

Deep proven passion for the potential of digital currency as well as a clear interest in crypto and financial markets, the global macro-economy, and a strong commercial instinct.
12 years of working effectively as part of a cross-functional team, ideally in the fintech industry, to launch new operations, products and business lines in established and emerging markets internationally and which have potential regulatory, legal, and policy implicationsrequirements.
Relevant experience and understanding of the regulated financial services industry.
Prior experience planning and operationalizing entering a new country including launching on-the-ground operations and infrastructure.
Extensive experience living, working, andor traveling internationally, ability to travel significantly (e.g. 3-4x a quarter, including 1-2 weeks at a time for longer haul destinations), and possesses exceptional cultural awareness that enables you to collaborate closely and form relationships with collaborators in any market.
Affinity for program management and using technology solutions to help scale our teams processes, and comfort with GSuite applications, as well as other tech SaaS tools (such as SQL, Figma, Slack, Coda, etc.).
Excellent written communicator, able to present complex issues clearly and concisely, whether extemporaneously on Slack, in emails, or in memoranda and other more formal documents.
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 252,500 - 332,500
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote