Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is looking for an Accounting Manager - APAC, a key member of the APAC accounting team.Reporting to the APAC Lead, you will support in all financial and accounting matters including financial operations, financial reporting, managing local statutory audits and ensuring we meet regulatory financial reporting requirements.
What youll work on: 

Assisting and managing multiple APAC entities under US GAAP and local GAAP reporting.
Driving APAC monthly  quarterly close processes, including but not limited to review of journal entries, review accounts reconciliations, explain variance analysis and prepare quarter board reporting.
Managing financial regulatory reporting and reconciliation requirements set out by local regulators.
Executing monthly local attestation reporting for stablecoins.
Assisting in the build out of major financial processes locally including, Procure to Pay, Order to Cash, Report to Record and Stablecoins related processes.
Managing the financial audits with external audit teams to ensure timely statutory reporting.
Assisting in ad-hoc projects including system implementation, improvement and streamlining processes with the US and EMEA Team.
Partnering closely with Circles tax team and tax advisors to manage local tax requirements of Circle Asia entities including corporate tax returns and tax provision calculations.
Collaborating with the Internal Controls  SOX team to ensure processes and internal controls are in place to provide reasonable. assurance that company assets are protected.
Start growing a team in the next 12 months.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

Bachelors degree in Accounting or Finance or related finance field degree.
Minimum of 7 years related accounting experience with global company (preferably technology or related industry).
Knowledge of IFRS or US GAAP and local GAAP in APAC; SOX or other local compliance equivalent.
Prior Big 4 experience or CPA preferred.
Experience with major ERP system required (e.g. Oracle, SAP, NetSuite).
Fluency in English, oral and written.
Fluency in Mandarin highly preferred.
Technically proficient with web applications .
Strong analytical and communication skills across all levels.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote