Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for:
Circle is looking for a Director, Data Science  Analytics to work closely with the Business, Product, and Engineering to produce analysis, deep research, and scalable data practices. This role has the opportunity to significantly impact internal data consumption and decision making. We are a passionate team with a deeply analytical approach, and your work will support us in our mission to be a world-class company driven by data.
What youll work on:

Build road maps, prioritize and drive data science and analytics efforts, communicate cross-functionally, and be a domain expert
Support the individual and career growth of team members to minimize attrition and enhance output
Partner with product and operations teams to identify and resolve analytical problems at scale in a variety of domains, including crypto ecosystem understanding, developers, accounting and financial processes, fraud detection, and risk management
Help your team ideate and complete the right analysis, models, and stories
Become an expert on data sources and flows at Circle
Evangelize the power of data science to understand and improve our business and operations.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals.
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards. You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle:

12 years of industry experience working with and analyzing large data sets
5 years of experience with technical leadership and people management
Knowledge of a scientific computing language (Python) and SQL
Theoretical and applied expertise in statistics, experimental design, and analysis
Experience building reporting systems and dashboards
Strong communicator who can take complex ideas and methodologies, and simplify them for non-technical audiences
Ability to understand complex business problems and break down analytics projects into a structured approach
Track record of managing data scientists and analysts, both individual contributors and managers
Experience managing remote teams

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
Starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 227,500 - 292,500
Annual Bonus Target: 20
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote