Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for:
Circle is looking for an experienced Internal Controls  SOC Compliance Senior Manager to assist with overseeing its SOC compliance. Reporting to the VP of Internal Controls and SOX Compliance, this person will ensure we meet our duty to report to our customers, users, and partners in accordance with applicable frameworks. This role will be responsible for maintaining the robust SOC controls inventory, and defining the mapping to applicable control objectives and criteria. The ideal individual will have previous experience working with SOC 1 Type 2 and SOC 2 Type 2 reports, along with a working understanding of IT related systems that the reports cover.
What youll work on:

Leading and owning the planning, drafting, and delivery of Circle SOC reports.
Designing and identifying key controls for control objectives that impact the subject matter reported in Circles SOC reports.
Supporting and creating deliverable ready documentation including System Descriptions, Narratives, Control Objectives, Management Assertions, Management Responses, etc.
Defining deliverable ready CUEC and CSOCs. 
Supporting evaluation of third-party service providers for SOC reports.
Assessing potential product integrations into existing SOC reports, andor the development of new reports.
Reviewing new and existing customer facing reports and IPE for completeness and accuracy.
Formalizing a change management protocol for scope, product, control or  technology changes related to the SOC reports subject matter. 
Project managing control definition and implementation for new products, processes and system implementations.
Partnering with internal and external auditors to coordinate audit timelines, controls testing and process walkthroughs to streamline impact on the business and align test results and yield efficiencies.
Working closely with the IT Security, Engineering, and Compliance teams to ensure IT General Control and KYCAML documentation and monitoring programs are consistent with stated control objectives.
Reviewing, assessing, and evaluating reported control deficiencies, root causes, and planned corrective actions in conjunction with respective process owners.
Leading the company wide training of process owners and related functions with respect to internal controls.
Playing a key role in annual and semiannual risk assessment in coordination with the Internal Audit team.
Seeking to continuously improve the Internal Controls program to become more efficient and effective through optimization and automation.
Providing guidance, mentorship, training, and subject matter expertise to analysts on assigned work.
Assisting with the onboarding, integration, and training of new team members, as needed.

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle:

10 years of experience, ideally Big 4 and public company experience.
CPA, CIA, or CISA or equivalent preferred.
3 years of experience managing and leading teams. 
Deep understanding of SOC1, SOC2, and SOC3 reporting requirements and frameworks.
Practical and deep knowledge of SOX and COSO.
Experience working in a rapid growth environment in financial services, crypto, payments or technology companies is a plus.
An organized, detailed, proactive, self-motivated, and collaborative work style.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Ability to work cross functionally and adapt to change.
Ability to prioritize workloads and ensure deadlines are consistently met.
High integrity and ability to handle confidential information.
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to San Francisco, CA. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 185,000-245,000
Annual Bonus Target: 17.5
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote