Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for:Circle is looking for a Senior Product Designer to lead the design of key tools that drive the operations of Circles business. Youll own the end-to-end design for your product space, creating a platform that enables all of Circles business to grow by helping our operations team drive sales, support and compliance via onboarding . You will partner with Product Management, Engineering, and internal operations agents to craft solutions that will be used by thousands of businesses to impact millions of end-users around the world. 
What youll work on:

You will build a platform that speeds up the operations for Circles business. This platform serves a variety of users including our customers, customer support, compliance analysts, among others. 
Driving an understanding of our customers and internal users, balancing their needs in the rapidly changing crypto and blockchain problem space.
Identifying and prioritizing customer and internal user needs with your product and engineering partners
Collaborating across many teams at Circle to drive early alignment around problem spaces and their possible solutions
Leveraging quantitative and qualitative data to inform both yours and stakeholders decision making
Contributing to a growing design team, helping install best practices and processes as we scale

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees, and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty, and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle:
Senior Product Designer


More than 4 years of UX or product design experience, working within a product team, partnering closely with your product management and engineering peers
A portfolio that tells end-to-end narratives of how you solve problems through your design process
An enjoyment of perfecting user experiences through experimentation and iteration
Familiarity working within design systems and using them to shortcut work best served by previous solutions


Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
Starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 135,000 - 177,500
Annual Bonus Target: 12.5
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote