Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for: 
Circle is looking for an exceptional manager-level individual contributor with experience in both data automation and accounting operations. You will be responsible for identifying data and reporting solutions to help automate accounting reconciliations supporting month-end close, stablecoin activity reconciliation and key financial reports. To accomplish this you will partner with accounting and cross-functional team members and implement automated solutions as we continue to scale the business.
What youll work on:

Extracting and reconciling financial data from multiple sources, including ERP, internal databases, blockchains and spreadsheets.
Ensuring data accuracy by performing detailed analysis and researching and resolving exceptions by providing scalable solutions to stop occurrences.
Developing a comprehensive understanding of the processes that currently exist and how to automate them for the future and integrate into the ERP.
Developing a deep understanding of the Company data schemas and data models to automate accounting reporting and reconciliations.
Collaborating with cross-functional teams (ex. Engineering, Data Engineering, Data Analytics, Treasury, Compliance, etc.) to understand business requirements and develop solutions to address reporting and reconciliation automation, including internal tool development andor implementation of third party tools.
Developing and maintaining documentation of reconciliation processes and procedures.
Preparing and delivering regular reports on automation and financial data reconciliation activities to management
Providing insights and recommendations to management based on data analysis
Working cross functionally with the financial systems and data team to leverage automated toolsdata to automate JE postings into ERP.
Partnering with product and operation teams to make sure launches have appropriate automation for scale.
Performing other ad-hoc projects as needed

You will aspire to our four core values:

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees and families and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener and to pay attention to detail.  
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, that you do not tolerate mediocrity and you work intensely to achieve your goals. 
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication, and you hold yourself to very high moral and ethical standards.  You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll bring to Circle: 

7 years of accounting experience in data analytics within an accounting department.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a keen attention to detail.
Experience with database design, understanding complex data schemas and data extraction.
Ability to work with large data sets to automate reconciliation processes.
Knowledge of accounting principles, month-end close, and financial statements.
Direct experience performing detailed and data intensive reconciliations with disparate datasets.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams.
Organized, detailed, proactive, self-motivated, collaborative, multi-tasker, and creative problem-solver.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Proven ability to excel in a fast-paced environment is extremely important.
Ability to work independently and manage multiple priorities.
High integrity and ability to handle confidential information.
Bachelors degree in Accounting, Finance, Business, Computer Science or related field.
Advanced proficiency in SQL, Alteryx, Excel, and other analytical tools.
Experience with data visualization tools such as Superset, Tableau or Power BI.
Experience in Technology industry, FinTech or Financial Services highly preferred.
Familiarity with enterprise accounting systems such as SAP or Oracle.
Experiencefamiliarity with Slack, Apple MacOS and GSuite.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to Seattle, WA. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 135,000 - 180,000
Annual Bonus Target: 15
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote