Circle is a financial technology company at the epicenter of the emerging internet of money, where value can finally travel like other digital data — globally, nearly instantly and less expensively than legacy settlement systems. This ground-breaking new internet layer opens up previously unimaginable possibilities for payments, commerce and markets that can help raise global economic prosperity and enhance inclusion. Our infrastructure  including USDC, a blockchain-based dollar  helps businesses, institutions and developers harness these breakthroughs and capitalize on this major turning point in the evolution of money and technology.
What youll be part of:
Circle is committed to visibility and stability in everything we do. As we grow as an organization, were expanding into some of the worlds strongest jurisdictions. Speed and efficiency are motivators for our success and our employees live by our company values: Multistakeholder, Mindfulness, Driven by Excellence and High Integrity. Circlers are consistently evolving in a remote world where strength in numbers fuels team success. We have built a flexible and diverse work environment where new ideas are encouraged and everyone is a stakeholder.What youll be responsible for
Circle is seeking a highly motivated and experienced Business-to-developer Product Marketing Manager to join our team. 
This role will set the product marketing vision and go-to-market strategy for Web3 Services - a new product pillar focused on building developer tools that make it easy to build on the Blockchain. This role will work closely with Product and Engineering teams, Developer Relations, Sales Enablement, Marketing and Communications, and external partner teams. Your target audience is developers, entrepreneurs, creators, and builders. You will be responsible to define, create, and execute on go-to-market (GTM) plans that engage and inspire developers to build with Circles applications and services. 
You will aspire to our four core values

Multistakeholder - you have dedication and commitment to our customers, shareholders, employees, families, and local communities.
Mindful - you seek to be respectful, an active listener, and to pay attention to detail.
Driven by Excellence - you are driven by our mission and our passion for customer success, which means you relentlessly pursue excellence, do not tolerate mediocrity, and work intensely to achieve your goals.
High Integrity - you seek open and honest communication and hold yourself to high moral and ethical standards. You reject manipulation, dishonesty and intolerance.

What youll do: 

Build GTM plans to launch and scale productsfeatures for our new product line - Web3 Services - in partnership with Product and Business. Prior on-chain or crypto marketing experience strongly preferred (NFT drops, familiarity with crypto Twitter Comms and other developer channels).
Develop positioning and messaging, identify audience needs and marketing insights
Identify competitive and industry trends, build analysis to inform the product roadmap, expand value props, inform developer education and influence ongoing campaigns to engage key target audiences
Enable Sales and developer marketing teams through training, talk tracks, collateral development, and deal support
Build developer-focused collateral (i.e. web content, pitch decks, webinars, case studies, blog posts, sales training docs, campaigns) 
Meet with subject-matter experts in product and engineering teams to understand the product requirements to ensure niche topics are appropriately addressed.
Use visual comms (infographics, short-form video, animated GIFs) to find innovative ways to drive the greatest reader comprehension, which translates to developer success.
Generate innovative ideas for content to showcase the product-in-action.

What youll bring to Circle:

10 years of relevant experience in Product Marketing (with at least 2 years in Web3crypto space).
Prior experience marketing products to Web3 developers strongly preferred. 
Technical content writing experience 
Excellent understanding of blockchain technologies and ecosystems (smart contracts, wallet services).
Passionate about delivering the best developer experience through cohesive go-to-market plans and on-target messagingpositioning.
Passion for building and mastering complex technical concepts while connecting back to the product vision and Circles mission
Ability to work autonomously, be proactive, prioritize, communicate, and function in a small team.
Experiencefamiliarity with GitHub, Git, StackOverflow, and some understanding of coding and scripting languages frequently used by developers including REST APIs in addition to G-suite applications.

Additional Information:

This position is eligible for day-one PERM sponsorship for qualified candidates.

Circle is on a mission to create an inclusive financial future, with transparency at our core. We consider a wide variety of elements when crafting our compensation ranges and total compensation packages.
The compensation range below is specific to Austin, TX. Actual starting pay is determined by various factors, including but not limited to: relevant experience, skill set, qualifications, and other business and organizational needs. Please note that compensation ranges may differ for candidates in other locations.
Base Pay Range: 185,000 - 245,000
Annual Bonus Target: 17.5
Also Included: Equity  Benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Circle has a discretionary vacation policy. We also provide 10 days of paid sick leave per year and 11 paid holidays per year in the U.S.We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Circle. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Additionally, Circle participates in the E-Verify Program in certain locations, as required by law.
LI-Remote