ClassDojos goal is to accelerate humanitys progress, by giving every child on Earth an education they love.
We started by building a network that connects teachers, children, and families. ClassDojos flagship app is the 1 communication app connecting K-8 teachers, children, and families, globally. They use it to share whats happening throughout the day through photos, videos, messages, and activities. It is actively used at an unprecedented scale: in over 95 of US schools, reaching 51 million children in 180 countries, with a team of just 200 people [1]). We are now beginning to use this network to give kids the best learning experiences in the world, far beyond those a standard school can provide. 
We hire for talent density. Our team comprises the most talented, entrepreneurial, and innovative teammates from around the world, with experience in education and large scale consumer internet companies, including Instagram, Netflix, Dropbox, Stripe, Uber, Y Combinator, and more. Were building a company where the most talented people want to work. We believe youll do the best work of your life here—and youll pioneer the future of education, too.
What youll do:
We are seeking a passionate Community Manager to spearhead our school  district community programs and lead our event strategy. The ideal candidate will be a relationship builder who can identify, engage, and nurture relationships with key stakeholders across our vast educational network, ensuring that ClassDojo remains the preferred educational product for both schools and districts. Your responsibilities will include:

Build ClassDojos Ambassador Program for admins: establish and nurture relationships with schooldistrict admin brand ambassadors, turn them into ClassDojo champions 
Community building: lead the growth of the admin community by fostering engagement and brand loyalty, while implementing systems to track and refine community success metrics
Influencer partnerships: build and manage partnerships with key district influencers, collaboratively creating content that aligns with ClassDojos objectives and continuously measuring the impact of these collaborations
Event management: oversee ClassDojos admin event strategy end-to-end, ensuring alignment with brand goals and seamless coordination with all stakeholders

You will be a match if:

You have 5 years in community building with 3 years focused on school leaders
You have a proven track record of initiating and scaling community programs; not just maintaining existing ones
You have experience in crafting content across mediums: social, webinars, articles, videos, and podcasts
You have familiarity with organizing and leading at educational events and conferences
You are exceptional at building and maintaining relationships with educators, including rapid rapport-building
You have strong content creation skills with innovative ideas tailored for school admin communities
You are a natural, charismatic influencer
You have deep insight into the K-12 landscape and the nuances of school admins
You are results-driven: candidates must link past work to tangible business outcomes
You are a collaborative team player, partnering seamlessly with marketing, support, and product teams
You prioritize speed, setting a high pace while maintaining quality

You might be a good fit if:

You have a background in high growth tech start-ups with hands-on experience building communities
You are a former school leader or district admin
You are a previous ClassDojo user and advocate
You are a strategic thinker able to prioritize and guide team strategy
You are highly analytical with an ability to dissect complex issues, track relevant metrics, and derive insights for decision-making

[1] Some more context:
- ClassDojos 125m Series D (Forbes) and Sams note about it.
- ClassDojo is one of Y Combinators Top 100 companies
- ClassDojos Second Act Comes with First Profits (TechCrunch) and Sams note about it.
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. In accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We are happy to accommodate any disabilities or special needs. We are a distributed company, so we hire regardless of location, as long as you are willing to have significant hours overlap with one of the Americas time zones.
LI-Remote