ClassDojos goal is to accelerate humanitys progress, by giving every child on Earth an education they love.
We started by building a network that connects teachers, children, and families. ClassDojos flagship app is the 1 communication app connecting K-8 teachers, children, and families, globally. They use it to share whats happening throughout the day through photos, videos, messages, and activities. It is actively used at an unprecedented scale: in over 95 of US schools, reaching 51 million children in 180 countries, with a team of just 200 people [1]). We are now beginning to use this network to give kids the best learning experiences in the world, far beyond those a standard school can provide. 
We hire for talent density. Our team comprises the most talented, entrepreneurial, and innovative teammates from around the world, with experience in education and large scale consumer internet companies, including Instagram, Netflix, Dropbox, Stripe, Uber, Y Combinator, and more. Were building a company where the most talented people want to work. We believe youll do the best work of your life here—and youll pioneer the future of education, too.
What youll do:
Create and scale new consumer products for our network of tens of millions of children and families, building a global consumer education business. Youll grow ClassDojo from where we are to our next order of magnitude, while deepening love for our brand.
Youll work closely with our co-founders, CTO, Head of Product, Head of Marketing, and cross-functional teams to invent and test exciting long-term ideas. Youll work at both a strategic and tactical level, turning data, research, and intuition into products and experiences that tens of millions of children will love.
You will be a match if:

You have at least 4 years of experience in product management.

You might be a good fit if:

Youve achieved product-market fit with new consumer products
You have experience as a founder, or an equivalent level of accountability
Youve monetized consumer products, ideally subscription products or marketplaces
You have a strong grasp of product strategy
You have strong product intuition, and good taste
You enjoy speaking with customers, and conducting qualitative user research to inform direction
You have strong quantitative skills and comfort with evaluation
You work well in resource-constrained environments
You move faster than is comfortable—you are an instigator
Your written and spoken communication is clear and concise

 
[1] Some more context:
- ClassDojos 125m Series D (Forbes) and Sams note about it.
- ClassDojo is one of Y Combinators Top 100 companies
- ClassDojos Second Act Comes with First Profits (TechCrunch) and Sams note about it.
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. In accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We are happy to accommodate any disabilities or special needs. We are a distributed company, so we hire regardless of location, as long as you are willing to have significant hours overlap with one of the Americas time zones.
 
LI-Remote