ClassDojos mission is to give every child on Earth an education they love.
We started by building a network that connects teachers, children, and families. ClassDojos flagship app is the 1 communication app connecting K-8 teachers, children, and families, globally. They use it to share whats happening throughout the day through photos, videos, messages, and activities. It is actively used at an unprecedented scale: in over 95 of US schools, reaching 51 million children in 180 countries. We are now beginning to use this network to give kids the best learning experiences in the world, far beyond those a standard school can provide.
We hire for talent density. Our team comprises the most talented, entrepreneurial, and innovative teammates from around the world, with deep backgrounds in education and large scale consumer internet, including Instagram, Netflix, Dropbox, Uber, Y Combinator, and more. Were building a company where the most talented people want to work. We believe youll do the best work of your life here—and youll pioneer the future of education, too.
What youll do:
As ClassDojos APAC Community Manager, youll have the opportunity to:

Craft our Community-led growth strategy to grow ClassDojo in the Asia Pacific region
Foster online community and social channels that engage teachers and drive growth
Foster effective and engaged ClassDojo advocates across multiple countries
Gather user feedback to improve the product for teachers in APAC
Brainstorm and test new community initiatives such as events and content campaigns

You will be part of a global team of Community Managers who are passionate about connecting teachers around the world.
You will be a match if: 

You have experience building and managing a community and familiarity with community tools, channels and tactics
You are a strategic thinker who can build a plan, drive execution, and measure success
You are an autonomous self-starter who is resourceful and comfortable with ambiguity 
You speak English fluently - clear and concise for both written and spoken communication

You might be a good fit if:

You have past work managing community advocacy programs (i.e. Ambassadors or distributed events)
You have experience as a teacher or educator or building an education focused community
You speak a second language: especially Japanese, Korean, Mandarin, Malay, Thai, Vietnamese

[1] Some more context:
- ClassDojos 125m Series D (Forbes) and Sams note about it.
- ClassDojo is one of Y Combinators Top 100 companies
- ClassDojos Second Act Comes with First Profits (TechCrunch) and Sams note about it.
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. In accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We are happy to accommodate any disabilities or special needs. We are a distributed company, so we hire regardless of location, as long as you are willing to have significant hours overlap with one of the Americas time zones.