ClassDojos goal is to accelerate humanitys progress, by giving every child on Earth an education they love.
We started by building a network that connects teachers, children, and families. ClassDojos flagship app is the 1 communication app connecting K-8 teachers, children, and families, globally. They use it to share whats happening throughout the day through photos, videos, messages, and activities. It is actively used at an unprecedented scale: in over 95 of US schools, reaching 51 million children in 180 countries, with a team of just 200 people [1]). We are now beginning to use this network to give kids the best learning experiences in the world, far beyond those a standard school can provide. 
We hire for talent density. Our team comprises the most talented, entrepreneurial, and innovative teammates from around the world, with experience in education and large scale consumer internet companies, including Instagram, Netflix, Dropbox, Stripe, Uber, Y Combinator, and more. Were building a company where the most talented people want to work. We believe youll do the best work of your life here—and youll pioneer the future of education, too.
What youll do:
Lead the design and creative direction of our marketing aesthetic, especially across ClassDojo.com, our marketing emails, new product launches, and broader marketing efforts. As part of this work, youll lead design work across many of our most important projects. Youll also build out and lead a team over time — supporting and challenging them to deliver incredible work that moves our brand forward with every single launch. Were looking for an incredible creative leader to help us build one of the worlds leading brands on par with Apple, Airbnb, Nike, and Tesla — built entirely around kids, families, and education.
You will be a match if:

You have 15 years of design experience
You have 5 years of team leadership experience (management experience is optional, but welcomed)
You have deep experience leading digital marketing design
You are comfortable designing across touchpoints — from small emails as part of a larger campaign to expansive landing pages.

Youre likely a great match if:

Youre a student of great marketing and marketing design work
You set a relentlessly high bar for yourself and aim to elevate your work each time you ship something new
You can break down why a piece of marketing works and explain the strategy behind your own decision
You constantly are thinking and looking for ways to make that image or design better
You have a player-coach leadership style and lead by example first and foremost

Bonus:
[1] Some more context:
- ClassDojos 125m Series D (Forbes) and Sams note about it.
- ClassDojo is one of Y Combinators Top 100 companies
- ClassDojos Second Act Comes with First Profits (TechCrunch) and Sams note about it.
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. In accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We are happy to accommodate any disabilities or special needs. We are a distributed company, so we hire regardless of location, as long as you are willing to have significant hours overlap with one of the Americas time zones.

LI-Remote 