ClassDojos goal is to accelerate humanitys progress, by giving every child on Earth an education they love.
We started by building a network that connects teachers, children, and families. ClassDojos flagship app is the 1 communication app connecting K-8 teachers, children, and families, globally. They use it to share whats happening throughout the day through photos, videos, messages, and activities. It is actively used at an unprecedented scale: in over 95 of US schools, reaching 51 million children in 180 countries, with a team of just 200 people [1]). We are now beginning to use this network to give kids the best learning experiences in the world, far beyond those a standard school can provide. 
We hire for talent density. Our team comprises the most talented, entrepreneurial, and innovative teammates from around the world, with experience in education and large scale consumer internet companies, including Instagram, Netflix, Dropbox, Stripe, Uber, Y Combinator, and more. Were building a company where the most talented people want to work. We believe youll do the best work of your life here—and youll pioneer the future of education, too.
What youll do:
As a Senior Account Executive at ClassDojo, you will play a pivotal role in growing ClassDojos adoption in the US. Youll leverage your expertise to build and nurture strong relationships with key decision makers in districts. By understanding their unique needs and challenges, youll provide consultative solutions that align with their educational goals. Your responsibilities will include:

Building and managing the district relationship building and sales cycle end-to-end.
Designing and owning all touch-points to drive ClassDojos approval and adoption among districts.
Collaborating cross-functionally with product, marketing, successimplementation, and legal teams to ensure seamless customer onboarding and solution customization.
Providing exceptional customer service and support throughout the entire decision making and implementation process.

You will be a match if:

You have 8 years building sales pipelines and owning sales conversations and at least 3 year experience selling to district leaders in the US. 
You have a proven track record of hitting your sales targets consistently. 
You thrive in managing sales opportunities, navigating through the buying process, and moving deals towards successful implementation.
You have a deep passion about K-12 education space, youre constantly learning about the industry and deeply curious about it.  
You have top-notch presentation and communication skills that allow you to deliver impactful sales pitches and product demonstrations.
You thrive in cross-functional teams, especially working together with product and marketing to cater to the unique needs of Districts excites you.

You might be a good fit if:

You have experience working at small start-ups where you built the sales GTM from scratch or one of the early members of a founding sales team. 
You have deep product knowledge about ed-tech classroom management and family communication products.

Bonus:
[1] Some more context:
- ClassDojos 125m Series D (Forbes) and Sams note about it.
- ClassDojo is one of Y Combinators Top 100 companies
- ClassDojos Second Act Comes with First Profits (TechCrunch) and Sams note about it.
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. In accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We are happy to accommodate any disabilities or special needs. We are a distributed company, so we hire regardless of location, as long as you are willing to have significant hours overlap with one of the Americas time zones.
