Classy, an affiliate of GoFundMe, is a Public Benefit Corporation and giving platform that enables nonprofits to connect supporters with the causes they care about. Classys platform provides powerful and intuitive fundraising tools to convert and retain donors. Since 2011, Classy has helped nonprofits mobilize and empower the world for good by helping them raise over 5 billion. Classy also hosts the Collaborative conference and the Classy Awards to spotlight the innovative work nonprofits are implementing around the globe. For more information, visit www.classy.org.
As Classy continues its rapid growth, we are looking to add a Sr Manager, Strategic Partnerships to our team! Reporting to the VP of Product Marketing  Partnerships, you will focus on strengthening, growing and managing strategic relationships with key technology, systems integrator and consulting partners. You will also grow a team focused on Partner Marketing and another Ecosystems Manager. Through your efforts you will help drive better outcomes for shared customers and accelerate business growth for Classy and our partners.
What youll accomplish:

Manage Partner Marketing and Partner Ecosystems Manager to design strategy to deliver joint demand-generation, sales, and customer success programs at scale
Design and implement a consistent framework and cadence of joint planning, field execution, and business review with key partners; including a heavy focus on our Salesforce partnership and key System Integrators
Understand partner leadership team and Classy goals to drive alignment and shared value between organizations. 
Establish joint pipeline, bookings targets, and other KPIs, as well as track and analyze performance and progress on an ongoing bas
Work closely with partners go-to-market teams as the primary point-of-contact for alignment on sales and customer opportunities, or challenges.
Collaborate with Product Marketing and internal Enablement teams to design and deliver effective solution and release enablement, as well as personalized 1on1 partner enablement initiatives
Help negotiate updated partnership agreements, and bring back new opportunities to our partnership business development, or product teams

What you bring (Required):

10 years of progressive and successful direct sales, channel sales, or partner management experience in a B2B complex SaaS environment 
Management experience in previous roles, as well as creating strategic programs and operations from the ground up
Experience building strategic and successful joint salesco-marketing initiatives with partners that produce compelling ROI that boost company awareness and revenues
Deep knowledge of the Nonprofit sector, Platform Technologies, along with complex solutions and sales cycles
Experience selling to and building consensus among multiple stakeholders at strategic B2B tech companies and System Integrators, including C-level executives across product, marketing and distribution teams
Strong business acumen and experience writing effective business andor sales plans 
Highly organized with experience managing projects andor programs 
Comfortable owning a quota assigned to your book of partners, as well as managing the entire program, often working autonomously under limited supervision
Youre an expert verbal and written communicator and a compelling storyteller. People love hearing your presentations, reading your emails, briefs, proposals, enablement docs, and pretty much anything else you pen

Why youll love it here: 

Market competitive pay
Rich healthcare benefits including employer paid premiums for medicaldentalvision (100 for employee only plans and 85 for employee  dependent plans) and employer HSA contributions. 
401(k) retirement plan with company matching
Hybrid workplace with fully remote flexibility for many roles
Monetary support for new hire setup, hybrid work  wellbeing, family planning, and commuting expenses
A variety of mental and wellness programs to support employees   
Generous paid parental leave and family planning stipend
Supportive time off policies including vacation, sickmental health days, volunteer days, company holidays, and a floating holiday
Learning  development and recognition programs
Gives Back Program where employees can nominate a fundraiser every month  for a donation from the company
Inclusion, diversity, equity, and belonging are vital to our priorities and we continue to evolve our strategy to ensure DEI is embedded in all processes and programs at GoFundMe. Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion team is always finding new ways for our company to uphold and represent the experiences of all of the people in our organization.
Employee resource groups
Your work has a real purpose and will help change lives on a global scale.
Youll be a part of a fun, supportive team that works hard and celebrates accomplishments together. 
We live by our core values: consider everything, do the right thing, spread empathy, delight the customer, and give back.
We are a certified Great Place to Work, are growing fast and have incredible opportunities ahead!
Our commitment to Sustainability. Classy exists to create a more inclusive and sustainable world for all. 

 
Dedication to Diversity 
Classy is working toward building a more diverse and inclusive environment that is representative of individuals of all backgrounds, experiences, and lifestyles, allowing all employees to feel comfortable being their true, authentic selves in a space that enables productivity and meaningful work.
The total annual salary for this full-time position is 185,500 - 250,500  equity  benefits.  As this is a remote position, the salary range was determined by role, level, and possible location across the US. Individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range based on your location during the hiring process. 
If you require a reasonable accommodation to complete a job application or a job interview or to otherwise participate in the hiring process, please contact us at accommodationrequestsgofundme.com
 