ClassDojos goal is to accelerate humanitys progress, by giving every child on Earth an education they love.
We started by building a network that connects teachers, children, and families. ClassDojos flagship app is the 1 communication app connecting K-8 teachers, children, and families, globally. They use it to share whats happening throughout the day through photos, videos, messages, and activities. It is actively used at an unprecedented scale: in over 95 of US schools, reaching 51 million children in 180 countries, with a team of just 200 people [1]). We are now beginning to use this network to give kids the best learning experiences in the world, far beyond those a standard school can provide. 
We hire for talent density. Our team comprises the most talented, entrepreneurial, and innovative teammates from around the world, with experience in education and large scale consumer internet companies, including Instagram, Netflix, Dropbox, Stripe, Uber, Y Combinator, and more. Were building a company where the most talented people want to work. We believe youll do the best work of your life here—and youll pioneer the future of education, too.
What youll do:
We are seeking a passionate Marketing generalist to spearhead our marketing strategy and execution for U.S. school leaders. Through product-integrated marketing, referral marketing, email, web, and events—youll focus holistically on the entire marketing funnel from acquisition to engagement, retention and advocacy. The ideal candidate will be an experienced strategist and operator who can translate deep customer insights into action, ensuring that ClassDojo remains the preferred way that schools build close-knit communities.
You will be a match if:

You have 5 years in marketing, including at high-growth tech companies 
You have exceptional ROI-tracking skills, and you are able to identify what is and isnt working
You are experienced in marketing automation tools and campaign strategy throughout a customers life cycle
You are exceptional at building and maintaining relationships with educators, including rapid rapport-building.
You have a deep insight into the K-12 landscape and the nuances of school admins.
You are results-driven: candidates must link past work to tangible business outcomes.
You are a collaborative team player, partnering seamlessly with marketing, product  community teams.
You prioritize speed, setting a high pace while maintaining quality.

You might be a good fit if:

You have a background in high growth tech start-ups with hands-on experience building communities.
You are a former school leader or district admin.
You are a previous ClassDojo user and advocate.
You are a strategic thinker who can prioritize and guide team strategy.
You are highly analytical with an ability to dissect complex issues, track relevant metrics, and derive insights for decision-making.

Bonus:
[1] Some more context:
- ClassDojos 125m Series D (Forbes) and Sams note about it.
- ClassDojo is one of Y Combinators Top 100 companies
- ClassDojos Second Act Comes with First Profits (TechCrunch) and Sams note about it.
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. In accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. We are happy to accommodate any disabilities or special needs. We are a distributed company, so we hire regardless of location, as long as you are willing to have significant hours overlap with one of the Americas time zones.
 
LinkedInRemote
