About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Role Description
Network Operations Center (NOC) Engineers provide premium-level support for Cloudflares largest and most technically sophisticated customers. The NOC service will specifically provide monitoring, alerting, and remediation for degradation in availability and latency across Layer 7 traffic. The NOC system will monitor HTTP requests for alert-able conditions, and our NOC team will alert customers about problems as soon as they are found. 
NOC Engineers analyze the alerts, inform the customer of any material impact, and proactively put in motion a remediation path to resolving the degraded service, whether that be by moving traffic through a new route or working with the Systems Reliability Engineering team for a quick product fix or to declare a broader incident. The team also provides reporting and analysis to the customer on a regular cadence, beyond any report that would be self-serviceable within the Cloudflare UI.
Responsibilities

Configure and maintain custom alerting for availability and latency across Layer 7.  
Build and maintain customer dashboards  in Grafana, which will be used to monitor for alert signals.
Work closely with internal teams such as System Reliability Engineering, Infrastructure Engineering, and Network Engineering to alert against, and subsequently provide meaningful data on performance degradation.
Outreach to customers for triggered alerts, providing them with meaningful information on what alerts are firing and why.
Escalate impactful alerts to customer support andor other internal teams.
Join customer calls to provide granular and frequent status updates on critical issues.
Compile historical reporting on a regular cadence to customers, including remediation steps.

Requirements

Minimum 5 years experience in a customer-facing technical support role
Modern internet protocols like HTTPS, UDP, TCP, etc.
Analysis of traffic for anomaly detection and creation of mitigation rules
Knowledge of Cloudflare Products  Features
Excellent communication skills with both an internal technical audience and a high-level customer stakeholder
Command line  Bash shell
Demonstrates excellent crisis management principles
Strong multi-tasker with ability to quickly context switch
Motivated self-starter who is always looking to improve and expand skills
Flexible for scheduled holidayweekend coverage.
Highly desirable:

Experience with prometheus queries, grafana, alertmanager, webhooks, and pagerduty.
You are familiar with Cloudflare and have a site actively using our platform
Sysadmin skills (LinuxMacWindows)  Programming skills (Python, Ruby, PHP, C, C, Java, Perl, Git etc.)

What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.