About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Overview:
We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced Manager of Professional Services who will be responsible for leading the development and execution of the professional services strategy for a company. This role requires a strong focus on customer satisfaction, revenue growth, and employee development. The Manager of Professional Services will be responsible for leading a team of professionals that provide technical consulting, implementation, and support services to customers. In addition, heshe will be responsible for coordinating, evaluating, and managing services opportunities involving both our Migration and Expert Services.The ideal candidate should have a strong background in professional services, project management, and customer relationship management.
Responsibilities:

Develop and implement a comprehensive professional services strategy that aligns with the companys overall business strategy and revenue objectives.
Establish and maintain relationships with key customers, partners, and vendors to drive revenue growth and customer satisfaction.
10 years of experience owning, navigating and successfully delivering large, complex engagements with large Enterprise customer organizations with a focus on professional service delivery.
5 years of experience managing staff and coordinating teams to delivery outcomes for enterprise organizations 
Monitor and analyze key performance metrics for professional services, including revenue, margin, utilization, and customer satisfaction, and take action to address any issues or opportunities.
Build and maintain a high-performing professional services team by hiring, training, coaching, and mentoring team members.
Lead and manage a team of professionals that provide technical consulting, implementation, and support services to customers.
Drive customer satisfaction by ensuring that professional services engagements are delivered on-time, within budget, and meet customer expectations.
Develop and implement processes and methodologies that improve the efficiency and effectiveness of professional services delivery.
Collaborate with sales and marketing teams to develop go-to-market strategies for professional services offerings.
Provide thought leadership and expertise to customers and the broader industry on best practices for implementing and using the companys products and services.
Develop proposals and value propositions for Services engagements from inception through delivery for new and upgraded services
Create a vision and articulate the value of professional services to customer stakeholders via several methods including preparing and delivering presentations at senior management levels
Resolving conflict between the proposal team and other organizational units in a satisfactory manner, including engaging management as necessary
Effective customer and internal stakeholder relationship development  management including at CxO level demonstrating the associated executive presence, and a proven track record of conducting executive business reviews with the associated level of written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to prioritize, multi-task, and perform effectively under pressure understanding client sentiment, driving escalations, and leading  working with multiple cross functional teams across time zones to deliver the required customer outcomes including our Product, Engineering, Network, Support and Account Team leaders.
Purpose-driven builder profile who would thrive as a self-starter in a fast-paced iterative engineering environment, taking ownership to create new paths to establish the required delivery maturity models.
Oversee the contractual agreement process, including Statement of Work (SOW) and product subscription agreements.
Monitor and manage the progress of services engagements, ensuring timely delivery and adherence to project plans.
Collect feedback and document lessons learned from completed engagements for continuous improvement.

Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in Business, Information Technology, or a related field.
Minimum of 10 years of experience in professional services, project management, or a customer-facing role.
Strong understanding of the professional services landscape, including both internal and partner-provided services.
Excellent communication, negotiation, and interpersonal skills.
Proven ability to manage complex projects and multi-stakeholder engagements.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Experience with Salesforce or similar CRM tools is a plus.

Bonus Points:

Prior experience managing complex customer projectsprograms of work at a Big 5, Tier 1 Hyperscaler or recognised fast-paced SaaS company.
Industry specific experience  knowledge from working with key FSI, Public Sector and Telecommunications customers.
Fundamental understanding of how the Internet works (OSI Model) with a basic understanding of Layers 347 and familiarity working on related customer projects, such as data center migration, CDNs, internet performance  internet security.
Customer  field enablement or transformation experience.
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.