About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
The Americas GTM team is Cloudflares largest sales organization that comprises AEs, AMs, SEs, BDRs, CSMs, and Operations roles - all working together to help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create phenomenal internet-enabled experiences.  
The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers solve real, technical problems and needs to support their business outcomes, while also creating revenue streams that fuel Cloudflares culture of innovation and excellence.
About the Role
Youll drive new business by identifying and qualifying target accounts for Cloudflares Enterprise service plan.  This is a great opportunity for a Sales Professional to help us build the Sales and Customer Development function at Cloudflare.  The ideal candidate will possess both a sales and technical background that enables them to drive engagement with junior through senior levels within network operations, development and technical infrastructure teams. 
Responsibilities

Develop and execute against quarterly growth targets.
Drive sales within MM growth accounts with strong forecast and funnel management process.
Deliver regular outbound campaigns on new product and feature updates.
Conduct data driven conversations to cultivate new product pipeline opportunities.
Understand customer use-cases and how they pair with Cloudflares portfolio solutions in order to identify new cross-sale opportunities.
Deliver commercial outcomes by running a consistent sales process and setting next step expectations and contract negotiations with customers.
Evaluate core usage trends and articulate value to show Cloudflare impact and provide strategic recommendations during exploratory calls. 
Network across different business units with each of your accounts, and multi-thread to identify and engage new divisional buyers, influencers, and decision makers.
Operate internally as a liaison with cross-functional teams to share key customer feedback and insights to improve customer experience and further investments with Cloudflare.

Requirements

Bachelors degree preferred 
Minimum 3 years of direct B2B selling experience
Basic understanding of computer networking and how the internet works
Self-motivated and Entrepreneurial spirit with hunter sales capabilities
Aptitude for learning technical conceptsterms (Technical background in engineering, computer science, or MIS a plus)
Strong interpersonal communication (verbal and written) and organizational skills
Consultative selling capabilities
Demonstrated analytical and quantitative abilities
Software and system skills are a must (SFDC, Tableau, G-suite, MSFT suite)

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Florida-based hires and Arizona hires: Estimated annual salary of 155,000 - 189,000.
For Colorado-based hires and Washington hires: Estimated annual salary of 176,000 - 216,000.
For New York City-based and California (excluding Bay Area): Estimated annual salary of 184,000 - 224,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 194,000 - 237,000.

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.