About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
What youll do as a Solutions Architect
The Pre-Sales Solution Engineering organization is responsible for the technical sale of the Cloudflare solution portfolio, ensuring maximal business value, fit-for-purpose solution design and adoption roadmap for our customers. Solution Engineering is made up of individuals from a wide range of backgrounds - from Financial Consulting to Product Management, Customer Support to Software Engineering, and we are serious about building a diverse, experienced and curious team. 
The Solutions Architect is a Senior level role. You are a customer facing hands-on technologist with credibility built on domain expertise across our Application, Performance and Security portfolio. You should have solid experience in influencing enterprise architecture design across various senior buyer personas both at customers and partner organizations. Your role will be to convince these decision makers of the long term value of thinking of Cloudflare as a strategic technology partner. 
You will work as a part of a highly visible structured pursuit team attached to designated strategic accounts, working to understand their unique business challenges and priorities with a goal of defining short and long term solution architecture with Cloudflare as a centerpiece. An equally important component of this role is the expectation that you scale your expertise and knowledge across the wider Pre Sales Solution Engineering organization
Specifically, we are looking for you to:

Build and maintain the long term technical relationship of key accounts, ensuring the successful design, proof and adoption of Cloudflare as a part of the customers critical infrastructure.
Identify and drive strategic conversations with key stakeholders with the purpose of increasing our reputation and authority within the business, and further establishing our footprint within the customers landscape.
Be the voice of the customer, engaging and influencing Product Management and Product Roadmap to serve their needs. 
Demonstrate your expertise of Cloudflare within your field through the creation of professional content, including white papers, reference architectures, blog posts.
Represent and Evangelize Cloudflare externally at Developer, Community, Technology, Cybersecurity and Industry focused events with thought leadership and expertise.
Apply in-depth vertical knowledge or domain expertise. Advise on best practices.

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Experience interacting with senior levelexecutives to communicate a message of network and security transformation
Fundamental understanding of customer network and application architectures. 
Detailed understanding of workflow from user to application including hybrid architectures with Azure, AWS, GCP.
Experience with Application, Security, Performance and Reliability products such as WAF, Bot Management, DDOS, Firewall, DNS and CDN.


Ability to jump in with hands-on configuration when needed

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 208,000 - 254,000
For New York City-based and California (excluding Bay Area) and Washington hires: Estimated annual salary of 211,000 - 257,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 221,000 - 271,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.