About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
Cloudflares Billing Engineering Team built and maintains all the internalexternal billing related services, product provisioning services and services related to entitlements. This is a vital team centric to every product launch, campaign or initiative Cloudlfare undertakes. There are constantly multiple high profile initiatives going on, therefore ability to context switch, communicate proactively and manage expectations is a key.
Billing Team is a place where you will learn fast, interface with all other engineering product teams, work with empathetic and team driven engineers, solve hard challenges and celebrate wins. Introspection, projectincident retrospectives, team communication is central to our success. 
What youll do We are looking for an engineer to join our Billing Team; an energetic team focused person who is growth mindset oriented, able to drive his work from inception, requirements definition, technical specification phase, development, testing and go live.
You will work on a range of transactional microservices written in Go. You will be involved in helping to maintain our operational excellence by triaging, solving various inbound tickets related to issues across services billing maintains. As you grow within the team you will be given opportunities to own bigger initiatives and lead projects from start to finish solo or as part of a smaller team.
Our tech stack is a modern container-based microservice architecture. Technologies we use include Docker, Go (golang), PostgreSQL, Redis, Kafka and the usual UnixLinux tools and workflows. We strive to build reliable, fault tolerant systems that can operate at Cloudflares scale.
Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

BABS in Computer Science or equivalent experience Minimum 3 years professional experience as a developerengineer Knowledge of Golang or desire to learn it Solid understanding of RESTful APIs and service security Working knowledge of SQL and relational databases such as PostgreSQL or MySQL Experience with modern UnixLinux development and runtime environment

Bonus Experience implementing secure and highly-available distributed systemsmicroservices Familiarity with event driven architecture Experience with API tooling and standards (SwaggerOpenAPI, OAuthJWT) Strong interpersonal and communication skills with a bias towards action
 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.