About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Role 
Cloudflare is looking for a Marketing Associate with a strong interest in B2B Marketing in the IT field. The ideal candidate will have experience in sales or marketing, be willing to communicate within the team, and enjoy working on business growth and personal growth. This is a contract role: 12 months.
You will plan and execute events, webinars, and digital engagements with customers based on the enterprise buying journey. In addition, the candidate will conduct a wide range of marketing activities, including online media planning, management of sponsored events and trade shows and vendor management.The ideal candidate will be flexible in the use of marketing-related software tools and accurate in project management. 
What youll do 

Responsible for both online and offline marketing tactics and execution with regional marketing. Work in cross-functional teams and collaborate closely with sales, APAC marketing and marketing agencies. 
Own the event preparation and execution process 
Perform marketing tasks such as setting up campaigns using Salesforce and Marketo and completing a variety of tasks related to the event, including creating LPs, sending invitationsthank you emails, and uploading leads to Salesforce.
Complete order and payment operations such as PRPOInvoice in Coupa etc., ensure the budget sheet is accurate, current and updated, and manage budgets in both Japanese Yen and US Dollars.
Review translations for e-book, blogs and websites 
Report to the Regional Marketing based in Japan

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience 

Minimum 5 years experience in IT industriesMarketing agency (regional marketing experience a plus) Language - Japanese (need to be as Native language), and English (Advance),
Hands-on experience with Excel, Salesforce(CRM), Marketo (Campaign Management tool), Coupa, and Google Analytics, will be an advantage. 
Having a strong sense of curiosity and passion for learning 
Project managementorganizational skills and the ability to successfully manage multiple initiatives at once 
Interpersonal skills, collaborative, and the ability to coordinate across multiple departments in different time zones 
In addition, you should have experience in planning, budgeting and managing events
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.