About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Department
Account Executives, Channel Account Managers, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, Solution Specialists, Customer Success, and Sales Operations - all working together help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great Internet-enabled experiences. The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers solve real, technical problems while creating the revenue streams that help the company provide free service to millions in our community.
What youll do
As a SASE Sales Specialist you will be responsible for driving opportunities and revenue from Cloudflare One (CF1), Cloudflares SASE offering. In this role, you will serve as the go-to resource on SASE for customers and the account teams working with those customers. The ideal candidate will possess both a hunter mindset and technical background, to drive engagement with decision-makers and influencers within security, networking, IT and operations.  Due to the frequent NYC-based travel requirements of the role, living withinimmediately adjacent to the 5 boroughs (or the ability to relocate prior to starting) is required at this time.  
Responsibilities

Present to customers as an expert of our SASE platform with a focus on secure remote access, network security,  zero trust network access and SDP solutions
Present a compelling business case at all levels in the customer hierarchy, from security professionals to CXOs planning to address transformational events such as cloud migration, remote worker shift, business continuity and the adoption of zero trust security architectures
Develop a sales plan that is based on regional planning and pipeline focusing on Cloudflares SASE platform - Cloudflare One
Foster growth and track the Cloudflare One sales pipeline by engaging with internal account teams, existing customers, net new prospects and key partners
Prepare and give regular business reviews to the management team highlighting attainment progress and challenges to closing business

The Senior SASE Specialist Role is an overlay sales excellence role that directly supports sales delivery of carried quota. In order to be successful, you will need to become a thought leader, trusted advisor, and spokesperson for Cloudflare One - Cloudflares SASE platform. 
Requirements

Minimum 8 years of experience selling or supporting the sales of cyber security, networking, identity management, cloud or SaaS solutions, 3 working with large enterprises.   
Experience building territory plans, prospecting and bringing in new logos in a competitive market. 
Subject matter expert in areas such as enterprise networking, network security, IT security and zero trust network access (while not a technical solution engineering role, a background in andor understanding of the technology underlying SASE is important). 
Knowledge of key market playerscompetitors in the software defined networking, zero trust and cybersecurity solution spaces.  
Demonstrated ability to think strategically and developexecute corresponding objectives.
Strong verbal and written communications, as well as the ability to work effectively across internal and external organizations.
Excellent presentation and public speaking skills.
College Degree or equivalent
30 - 40 travel (majority within the greater NYC area)

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For New York City based hires: Estimated annual salary of 235,000 - 287,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.