About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
Cloudflares mission is to help build a better internet and the Trust  Safety Engineering (TSENG) team lives at the core of that effort. The team empowers customers with products and services to combat abuse, enables deeper coordination with our external industry anti-abuse partners, and ensures that teams in the company can respond to the quickly changing legal landscape of the internet with scalable tools and services. This includes services that have a direct impact on efforts to stop the spread of CSAM (child sexual abuse material) across the internet. Read more about our CSAM Scanning tool here.
About the Role
Engineers on the Trust  Safety Engineering team are responsible for the entire software development lifecycle for our products and services which include both internal and customer-facing software. Whether closing gaps in our abuse processing pipeline, extending our Trust  Safety platform or road mapping the future of Trust  Safety solutions, software engineers on the Trust  Safety Engineering team are critical to Cloudflares ability to help make the internet a better place. 
This role will be based out of our Austin office.
What youll do
While the majority of our services are now written in Golang, you will also work with technologies such as Rust, PHP, Lua, Salt, Kafka, Redis, Kubernetes, Terraform, Airflow, Cadence, Temporal and PostgresSQL. We are looking for great engineers regardless of experience with any of these specific technologies.
Responsibilities include

Designing, building, running and scaling tools and services that support Trust and Safety efforts
Analyzing and communicating complex technical requirements and concepts, able to identify the highest priority areas and carve a path to deliver
Collaborating with product teams to understand goals and develop robust and scalable solutions that align with the customer need
Improving system design and architecture to ensure stability and performance of the internal and customer-facing compliance and anti-abuse services (handling upto 100K events per second)
Ongoing monitoring and maintenance of production services, including participation in oncall rotations
Working closely with Cloudflares Trust and Safety team to help make the internet a safer place
Mentoring and guiding developers in the Trust and Safety Engineering team to help build collective knowledge and technical expertise

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Minimum 5 years of experience building large-scale software applications, preferably distributed systems
Experience designing and integrating RESTful APIs andor gRPC services
Knowledge of SQL and common relational database systems such as PostgreSQL and MySQL
Prior experience working with Rust or Go
Excellent debugging and optimization skills
Expertise in writing well tested code
Interest in opportunities to be a technical mentor for teammates

Bonus
(Relevant but not required - we love to learn on the job!)

Understanding of DNS, TLSSSL and HTTP
Understanding of web security issues and industry standards for access control
Experience with Kafka
Experience building web applications using React
Experience with Kubernetes
Experience with PHP
Experience with Redis

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.