About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
This is a work-from-home role, but you will be expected to residework from the Buffalo Metro AreaWhat youll do
Cloudflare is looking for highly motivated Enterprise Account Executives seeking a role with the opportunity to help build a GTM working with some of the largest companies in North America. This position will manage a focused set of 20-30 accounts with 1B -25B in annual revenues. The Enterprise Account team will shape and lead Cloudflares Go To Market.
We will leverage the strength of all Cloudflare functions to become a strategic partner to our customers and their digital transformation efforts. Our product and services and our methods of engagement will differentiate and delight our customers.
The AE will interact with both C-level clients and senior technical decision makers, utilizing Cloudflare solutions and resources to drive a business partnership focused on joint success with our customers.  Success requires consultative, solutions-oriented sales, and customer service skills in addition to intense personal energy and focused activity. A critical factor of achievement in this role is the ability and desire to focus and lead an internal group of constituents to bring their skillset to bear to build solutions and exponentially grow revenue. The AE must be expert in identifying business opportunities with customers, developing Enterprise Account Plans, driving execution across functional stakeholders, and closing revenue. The Enterprise Account Executive should be comfortable engaging in business level outcome conversations with the C-suite, presenting Cloudflares vision and plan for value creation to all levels, and negotiating win-win scenarios for all parties. The AE will be accountable to obtaining new business and expansion of Cloudflare wallet-share within existing customers. The role involves handling multiple accounts and will require high degrees of attention to detail and coordination with customers, partners, and internal resources. Lastly, the AE should thrive in an entrepreneurial environment where initiative is celebrated and enthusiasm for the possible is expected.
Enterprise Account Team Core Values:
Be Successful  Success comes from hitting your goals on a consistent basis. Have a plan for how youll hit your goals and evaluate often; that way you always know where you stand. Be in a position and ready to demonstrate your plan for success.
Provide Customers with a Premium Business Experience - Solutions, Empathy, Proactiveness, Anticipation of needs, Company Support, Creativity, and Urgency to Deliver Value are core principles of a Cloudflare Strategic Account Experience. Give your customers a level of service that is unmatched in the industry.
Be Brilliant in the Basics - The hallmark of a high performance team is their willingness to commit to Brilliance in the Basics in all aspects of their roles. Forecasting, SFDC Disciplines, Pipeline Management, Account Engagement, Negotiation, Closing, and Depth of Cloudflare Knowledge are the basic skills that make a Strategic Account Executive successful.
Make Bold Decisions - Operating with the largest companies in the world is a game of inches. Often the Enterprise Account Executive will have to make strategic decisions on engagement, terms, and support. These decisions should be made by the AE who is closest to the issue and most affected by it. Top down management of accounts is outdated because of the speed of todays business. If execution presents risk, Seek the advice of leaders when and where you need it.
Teammate - We are all individually accountable to our goals, but we operate as a team. No one person has all the answers, but collectively the knowledge, experience, and acumen of the team is deep. Be the person who actively seeks to assist the team, shares knowledge, and extends your personal network. We are successful when we are all overachieving as a group.
Additional responsibilities will include:

Proactively manage and grow a portfolio of assigned Enterprise level clients.
Close new and expansion business monthly, quarterly, and annual basis, meeting or exceeding assigned quota.
Manage customer relationships and assume ownership of deadlines and deliverables to ensure Cloudflare is correctly positioned to win business.
Develop C level and Decision Maker relationships within accounts for the purpose of establishing strategic alignment to customers transformative objectives.
Develop pipeline by maintaining a high level of activityoutreach directly and indirectly, deeply understanding the customers goals and objectives, and analyzing where Cloudflare can add value.
Maintain accurate forecasts and report to the sales leader on the status of New and Expansion opportunities for weekly sales meetings. Leverage MEDDPIC framework in SFDC document weekly progress.
Accountable to reverse closure steps and establish jointly owned timelines with Customers. Understand the purchasing process fully and be able to document progress against required steps to closure.
Organize and deliver executive level presentations, proposals, commercial terms with Customers.
Leverage the Executive Briefing Center and process to establish key sponsorships and support of accounts with Cloudflare Executives.
Build and maintain relationships with channel partners to establish joint value propositions and Customer value.
Participate in team meetings and deliver GTM guidance on how to better partner with accounts.

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Minimum 6 years of experience coupled with proficiency in Cloud Networking and Security Technology with industry awareness.
Demonstrated track record of meeting and exceeding quota.
Expert Sales Acumen (Discovery, Position, Compete, Negotiate, Close, Expand).
Ability to lead a multidisciplinary team over a long term account horizon.
Able to identify key players in organizations and possess the ability to convert business issues into solutions.
Comfortable selling to obtain new business or expand existing business. Strong closing skills are essential.
Ability to build meaningful relationships quickly.
Someone who acts with integrity and honesty in all situations.
Be able to demonstrate a positive attitude internally and externally.
Expert at building rapport and owning the room.
Aggressiveness in execution and planning.
Ability to take successes and challenges in stride.
Discipline to work wo instant gratification.
Someone who is bold in their actions and never satisfied with complacency.
A strong will and fortitude to work a plan in the face of challenge.
A business professional who loves the sales profession.

This is a remote role, but you should livework the territory area on a daily basis.
Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires and Washington hires: Estimated annual salary of 266,000 - 325,000
For New York City-based and California (excluding Bay Area): Estimated annual salary of 269,000 - 329,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 284,000 - 347,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave

 
 
 
LI-DNIWhat Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.