About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the position
We are looking for a Technical Program Manager of Child Safety on Cloudflares Trust and Safety team. If youre passionate about making the web safer, have extensive experience in child safety, are driven to execute at warp-speed, like solving problems yourself and enabling technical teams to be productive and move quickly, wed love to talk. 
In this role, youll plan requirements, identify risks, manage schedules, and communicate clearly with project stakeholders. You will coordinate closely with our engineering teams on tooling gaps and requirements. Youll learn and grow alongside talented teammates who share your attention to detail and appetite for problem-solving. Passion for Trust  Safety and a track record of successfully managing the delivery of complete technical projects is a requirement. You will also help address sensitive and escalated abuse, compliance tasks, and Trust and Safety issues that affect our customers. This is a position where you will also gain familiarity with the inner workings of Cloudflares technology and policies. You can expect to also carefully review law enforcement and third party reports related to Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM) as well as helping to grow our initiates related to the Cloudflares efforts to fight the spread of CSAM.
Location: This position can be based in DC, NY, or East Coast US.
What youll do

Develop and update the TS policies, procedures, documentation, and training material for all applicable products.


Flesh out system and tooling needs that are as yet unmet and write the business case to justify investing in new solutions.
Anticipate management and transparency reporting data needs and work with policy managers and stakeholders to include these in requirements specifications.
Make use of opportunities to boost team efficiencies, standardize workflows, and improve the structure and quality of data.
Coordinate with the Trust  Safety Engineering team to advise on business and environmental changes, whether these be internal (e.g., new or improved Cloudflare features and products) or external (e.g., new regulatory requirements).
Ensure that our systems comply with the companys security and access policies, such as the use of access restrictions and audit trails.
Shepherd the user acceptance testing of systems and tools prior to deployment.
Track and resolve open system issues in a timely manner.
Manage expectations and communicate the priorities, status, and progress of projects to stakeholders.
Execute prompt, but thoughtful decision-making while analyzing a variety of factors that include the imminence of danger and other sensitive factors.
Be aware of, and willing to operate in a work environment that includes the review of highly sensitive, emotionally charged, and disturbing content such as child sexual abuse material.
Be responsible for performing operations seamlessly and timely Service-Level Agreement (SLA) delivery along with maintaining high levels of stakeholder satisfaction.
You may be part of the rotating weekend and off-hour coverage responsibilities.

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Minimum 6 years of Technical Program Management experience in a related industry, where you focused on child safety matters.
Youve directly been responsible for building, or have been involved with the creation of internal child safety programs.
We are looking for a critical thinker who thrives on solving challenges in partnership with teams across Cloudflare.
You are comfortable with a degree of ambiguity and display high levels of bias for action and ownership.
The right candidate will possess a strong program management background, will have demonstrated experience leading medium to large projects, and will have a well-rounded technical background in a number of infrastructure technologies, web services architecture and security.
You should be able to thrive and succeed in an entrepreneurial environment, and not be hindered by ambiguity or competing priorities.
This means you are not only able to develop and drive high-level strategic initiatives, but can also roll up your sleeves, dig in and get the job done.
Maturity, high judgment, negotiation skills, ability to influence, analytical talent and leadership are essential to success in this role.
Strong communication skills across technical and non-technical audiences.
Experience managing sensitive content and emotionally charged escalations with tact and a calm demeanor.

Bonus Points:

Youve worked for or closely with an organization such as the National Center for Missing  Exploited Children (NCMEC) or similar international organizations in this space.
You understand DNS and how the Internet works.
Have public speaking experience.
Have experience with notice  takedown.
Have experience working closely with Public Policy and Legal teams.
Have experience working on Transparency Reports.
Experience with the legal considerations related to Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM) material.
Familiarity with fuzzy hashing technologies or similar techniques as they apply to images.
Familiarity with video hashing technologies.

Please note: This job description is intended to provide a general overview of the role and may be modified as necessary to align with the companys evolving needs.
 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.