About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Department
The Cloudflare sales team is composed of Account Executives, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, Customer Success, and Sales Operations - all working together to acquire customers and help them adopt Cloudflare technologies to create great Internet-enabled experiences.
The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers solve real security and performance challenges while creating the revenue streams that help the company provide free services to millions in our community.
What youll do
We are looking for an experienced Sales Manager to lead and grow our business in Western Canada, with responsibility for driving Cloudflares revenue and brand awareness in the region. The Sales Manager will require both strategic and tactical leadership skills to lead the go-to-market strategy; including hiring, leading and enabling of the sales team, building pipelines, and driving sales to grow the business in the region. In this role you will work actively with prospects, customers, partners and field sales professionals to sell and close deals to build the region.
Additional responsibilities will include:

Design, build and execute strategies for the Region in collaboration with regional and global functional leaders
Lead and grow your  regional commercial sales team working with global functional leaders and recruiting resources.
Ensure on plan sales performance for your regional commercial team measured by Pipeline Generation, and Closed Business
Serve as the leader for all your teams functions in Canada including customer relationships, pipeline development, account management, sales and partnerships.
Drive business cadence for forecast calls, business  reviews, deal reviews, customer account reviews, weekly team meetings and periodic company-wide meetings.
Lead programs and campaigns - working across sales, marketing, customer success, solutions engineering, business development and support - to drive awareness, pipeline and sales results.
Drive sales growth through successful leadership, organizational planning, customer service and outstanding execution of all regional sales and go-to-market strategies.  
Represent Cloudflare as the single point of contact for all Regional operational concerns, ensuring proper and timely escalation and resolution.
Ensure that corporate policy and regulatory initiatives are consistently applied and followed by team members.
Outstanding leadership that inspires interpersonal effectiveness, develops talent and effects change. Willing and able to be a doer and influencer.
Represent Cloudflare at external conferences, media and PR events when required.
Seek a balanced performance of all Account Executives at plan quarterly.

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Bachelors degree required.
Minimum 10 years of direct B2B sales experience, selling to Commercial accounts 
Minimum 5 years of direct sales management experience leading a Commercial field sales team.
Experience managing and coaching long, complex, high value Commercial sales cycles 
Experience selling into top tier accounts in key verticals including Financial Services, Retail, Industrial. Energy and Media.
Understanding of IaaS, Networking and Information Security services.
Aptitude for learning technical conceptsterms (Technical background in engineering, computer science or MIS a plus).
Strong leadership, presentation, interpersonal communication (verbal and written) and organizational skills.
Self-motivated; entrepreneurial spirit.
Comfortable working in a fast paced dynamic environment.
Understanding of IaaS, Networking and Information Security services.
Aptitude for learning technical conceptsterms (Technical background in engineering, computer science or MIS a plus).
Strong leadership, presentation, interpersonal communication (verbal and written) and organizational skills.
Self-motivated; entrepreneurial spirit.
Comfortable working in a fast paced dynamic environment.
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.