About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
The Customer Support Team solves complicated problems and answers technical inquiries via phone, email, chat, and social media. Whether it is a Wordpress blogger using our services for free or a global Enterprise business with petabytes of web traffic, our team is always eager to assist. We are the eyes and ears of Cloudflare, acting as the real-time voice of the customer to help communicate their needs and real-world use cases back to the rest of the company - to help build a better service and future product development.  
What youll do
The Technical Account Manager (TAM) will own the post-contract end-to-end support experience for Cloudflares most strategic customers, to unblock post-go-live technical support challenges. They are a dedicated technical primary point of contact for our top-tier Premium customers. TAMs responsibilities are to manage and monitor support interactions, serve as an internal advocate for customers, respond to customer escalations, and proactively escalate issues as needed. TAMs meet regularly with the relevant customer and provide proactive recommendations that support customers requirements, roadmap, and ongoing technical needs, partnering with the Customer Success and Account Team members.
To be successful in this role, you must possess strong customer service and leadership skills, be a self-starter, be committed to ongoing self-education, be able to collaborate across organizations and have excellent technical problem-solving skills.
Responsibilities

Serve as primary technical support contact.
Collaborate with the Account Team, as well as Engineering and Product, to help ensure high customer satisfaction by providing world-class dedicated support throughout the entire life of the customer partnership.
Provide product and engineering teams with customer feedback to help identify Support challenges and opportunities. 
Have a holistic and dynamic view of customers environment and use of Cloudflare products, including the customer deployment topology, expert resolution for all support issues, and proactive advice for long-term improvements.
Create and deliver Quarterly Support Reviews including SLA adherence, top ticket drivers, ticket deep dives, and incident reviews.
Ability to travel up to 25 of the time. 
Ability to work one weekend every quarter.
Proactively engage with the account team during strategic deal closure and throughout the lifecycle of the customer.
Point of escalation during business hours, and backup point of escalation for Cloudflare TAMs in other regions during their off hours.
Understand client sentiment, own internal and customer facing escalations, and provide product support.
Ensure support tickets solved in a timely manner.
Maintain and expand working technical knowledge of Cloudflare products .
Single threaded owner of technical support issues, working with backend teams as needed.
Work with global TAMs to ensure coverage on critical issues.
Ensure rapid Incident response.
Assist with preparing and communicating CSRs and formal documentation for incidents and major issues.

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Minimum 8 years of previous experience in a customer-facing team with technical account management responsibilities
Have the business acumen of working with Fortune 500 companies and their leadership team 
Fundamental understanding of how the Internet works, e.g. the OSI Model, Application and Network security, what a proxy is and how it works.
Basic Troubleshooting skills towards identifying and Escalating to the necessary Team to drive a solution
Passionate about Cloudflare products, helping customers, and building strong relationships across organizations 

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.