About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Team:
In this role, you will contribute to Cloudflares revenue generation engine by delivering pipeline at scale to the Sales counterparts. You will do this through a maniacal focus on people, process, and tools. The Business Development organization is anchored in a culture focused on the development  training of its employees, incubating talent across the company, teamwork, and celebrating success. With flawless execution, we believe the Business Development organization will be a competitive differentiator for Cloudflare.
This is a great opportunity to be a member of our high performing Sales team at a hyper-growth technology company. The SalesBusiness Development Representative (BDR) will:

Be the first point of contact for customers that need help finding solutions
Develop your customer centric sales skills to deliver a stellar customer experience
Learn Cloudflares products and services in detail

Similar to other roles that Cloudflare, this role has a tenure requirement of 18-24 months before you may be eligible to apply for another role within the company.
About the Role
Location: Amsterdam
Start: Candidate must be available to start within 4 weeks.
Languages required: English  Dutch
This is a great opportunity to be an early member of a high performing sales team at a fast growing technology company. We are looking for ownership-oriented team members with excellent communication skills and technical curiosity. As the Business Development Representative (BDR), you will: 

Create excellent customer experiences
Learn customer-centric sales skills
Become an expert in Cloudflares product
Team members have opportunities to move into roles across the organization, especially in mid-market sales, customer success, solutions engineering, and sales operations

Day in the Life of BDR at Cloudflare

Own and meet target quota related to number of qualified opportunities, response SLA, value of sales pipeline, and revenue
Develop new business opportunities from inbound and marketing-generated leads
Discover pain points and use case, map them to broad set of Cloudflare solutions and qualify for Enterprise sales opportunities
Work cross-functionally with stakeholders (account executives, marketing, sales operations, fellow BDRs)
Report, track, and manage sales activities and results using SFDC
Play an active role in the creation and iteration of team processes

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Self-motivated; entrepreneurial spirit
Ability to work as part of a team or independently
Analytical, organization and time management skills
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
Strong interpersonal communication skills
Customer-oriented mindset with empathy and curiosity
Aptitude to learn technical conceptsterms
Ability to manage multiple tasksprojects simultaneously
Fluent in English and Dutch (written and spoken)
Minimum 1 years of experience in BDR or in a similar capacity in technology industry is preferred, specifically in SaaS will be a plus
Experience in Outreach and Salesforce is a plus

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.