About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Cloudflare is seeking a Head of People for EMEA, who will be responsible for leading the regional Business Partner Team and ensuring that the regional culture and people strategy supports the companys high-growth business objectives and readiness to scale. This is a strategic senior role that will be responsible for creating the people strategy across EMEA and driving actions in collaboration with other People functions for the business across the region.  Cloudflare is seeking an innovative, collaborative and business-oriented executive with a proven track record of leading and creating high-performing, positive and caring teams. Having recently reached 1 billion in revenue, the Head of People Team Business Partners for EMEA will be joining at an exciting point of growth as Cloudflare plans to scale to 5 billion in revenue, and from 3,800 to 10,000 employees, in the next five years. Our focus is finding the best people to work at Cloudflare and then enabling them to do their best work. As we continue to grow and scale our Business Partner team, we are looking for a trusted advisor who is naturally curious about what we do and driven to help our people thrive through the ideation and implementation of strategic people plans that serve the region.

In this role, you will report to the Chief People Officer who is based in the Seattle area, and drive our global strategic initiatives within the region, partnering closely with the leadership team and managers to develop and implement proactive solutions for a broad scope of activities, ensuring alignment on initiatives and priorities, maintaining open and transparent lines of communication and keeping our teams thriving and well supported.
You will serve as a strategic partner on a broad range of issues that help support the inevitable changes that rate of growth entails including talent planning, coaching, policy and program development, employee experience, engagement and development, performance, compensation and more. 
We passionately believe in leadership at all levels, and our fast growth has created a special opportunity to really stretch our team members to acquire new skills and grow on the job. You will help us get better at this by spending time with our people and developing and implementing programs that are responsive to our peoples needs, echo our values and will scale as we continue to grow both regionally and globally.

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Motivated by cultivating company culture, building great businesses and helping people do their best work, you have served on a PeopleHR team with 15 years of experience as a Business Partner and at least 10 years as the most senior Regional EMEA PeopleHR Leader.
You have an entrepreneurial spirit and are always looking for ways to innovate. You have built, executed, measured and iterated programs from the ground up. You have a demonstrated history of building relationships and credibility across all levels of an organization.
You operate independently and present solutions instead of problems - you have the gravitas to serve as the business partner for all our people, including a successful history of developing strong relationships and operating effectively through virtual support of all our people in the EMEA region.
You are generous with your time with all of our people and earn and maintain the trust that people place with you. Your priority in this role will be to make it easy for all our employees to do their best work.
You have a keen business acumen and a track record of partnering closely with business leaders in growth environments and are adept at looking around the corner to scale for the future.
You can articulate how People teams bring value to an organization and are able to quickly develop the business case for People Team initiatives.
Uncompromising when it comes to your integrity, you speak truth, act with respect and lead with dignity.
Others have described you as a skilled leader: while you do not need to be an expert in all disciplines, you can speak fluently about and have a passion for topics such as employee engagement, coaching, org planning, compensation, learning, diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging. Maybe you are even an expert in one of these areas! You have participated in large-scale change initiatives and have a few stories about leading a few.
You are a skillful communicator, verbally in small and large groups, as well as written through emails or on wikis. Yet your favorite way to communicate, especially when the message may be difficult to receive, is face-to-face.
You love working with people - you also love leveraging data to tell the story and drive change.
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.