About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Team:
In this role, you will contribute to Cloudflares revenue generation engine by delivering pipeline at scale to the Sales counterparts. You will do this through a maniacal focus on people, process, and tools. The Business Development organization is anchored in a culture focused on the development  training of its employees, incubating talent across the company, teamwork, and celebrating success. With flawless execution, we believe the Business Development organization will be a competitive differentiator for Cloudflare.
This is a great opportunity to be a member of our high performing Sales team at a hyper-growth technology company. The Business Development Representative (BDR) will:

Be the first point of contact for customers that need help finding solutions
Develop your customer centric sales skills to deliver a stellar customer experience
Learn Cloudflares products and services in detail

Similar to other roles that Cloudflare, this role has a tenure requirement of 18-24 months before you may be eligible to apply for another role within the company.
About the Role
Location: Tokyo, Japan
Languages required: Japanese, English (Preferred)
In this role, you will be responsible for identifying and researching prospective Cloudflare accounts, conducting outreach to the appropriate contacts within each account, sourcing meetings, and running discovery calls using sales qualification frameworks (e.g., BANT and CHIIP).
You will be paired with Mid-Market Account Executives who will work to close opportunities that you source for them. You will also work with a variety of cross functional teams including product marketing, field marketing and sales enablement.
While there are activity benchmarks that lead to successful BDRs, this is an autonomous role that gives you the opportunity to be creative and proactive with your outbounding strategies. You will not be given a list and script to repeat. Instead, you are given a quarterly goal and can work with your manager to create methods to achieve them. 
You will not be expected to have a thorough understanding of Cloudflare products at the outset, but we do expect you to have a strong interest in our industry and product line. You will be responsible for identifying product-fits across a variety of companies so having a passion for Cloudflare is important. 
Day in the Life of BDR at Cloudflare

Own and meet target quota related to number of qualified opportunities, value of sales pipeline, and revenue
Develop new business opportunities from net-new greenfield accounts
Identify target accounts with strategic timing and strong use cases through qualitative and data driven approach
Work cross-functionally with stakeholders (account executives, marketing, sales operations, fellow BDRs)
Help lead BDR team-wide campaigns or initiatives (were a collaborative group)
Write emails and letters youd love to open; make calls youd love to receive; ask compelling questions
Report, track, and manage sales activities and results using SFDC and Outreach
Play an active role in the creation and iteration of team processes

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Self-motivated; entrepreneurial spirit
Comfortable working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
Strong interpersonal communication skills
Customer-oriented mindset with empathy and curiosity
Aptitude to learn technical conceptsterms
Ability to manage multiple tasksprojects simultaneously
1-3 years of experience in BDR or in a similar capacity in technology industry is preferred, specifically in SaaS will be a plus
Experience in Outreach is a plus

Details
Term of employment - IndefiniteProbation period -  6 monthsPlace of employment -WeWork Marunouchi Kitaguchi (Suite 07-121) Building 9F, 1-6-5 Marunouchi Chiyoda City, Tokyo 100-0005, JapanWorking hours - 9am to 6pmRest period - Noon to 1pmHolidays - Saturday, Sunday and National HolidaysOvertime - Overtime work may be requiredWhat Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.