About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the role 
As our security architect, you will take ownership of our security architecture  program across various Cloudflare information security functions.
We are looking for someone excited about solving complex security architecture challenges with next-generation technology on a global scale. You will be leading the overall strategy  design as well as partnering with other security teams to unify the security architecture strategy and frameworks into one cohesive security roadmap supporting the  overall security function objectives.
What Youll Do
Build and lead our security architecture  program in the following areas: 

Security governance and strategy:

Support security teams strategies and roadmaps
Develop, maintain and promote security policies and standards

Provide domain expertise in security architecture

Establish scalable architecture framework and processes
Support and develop threat modeling processes.
Influence and mature engineering areas within all security team domains
Establish security architecture reviews processes
Establishes metrics and monitoring to report the effectiveness and efficiency of the Security Architecture function

Regulatory Adherence and Risk:

Ensure security architecture strategy aligns and supports the security certification program.
Align the security architecture strategy with the security controls program
Support the delivery of the continuous compliance program
Design security solutions with measurable security performance and assurance in mind.
Assess risks and recommend mitigation strategies.

Mentorship and Culture Development:

Take the lead in guiding our security team while cultivating a culture of heightened security awareness and technical acumen.


Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Network Security, SSDLC, cloud Security, MDM, IAM, cryptography.
Conceptual Skills, Decision Making, Informing Others, Functional and Technical Skills, Dependability
Information security policies and standards, security controls frameworks
Ability to effectively prioritize and manage a large number of projects simultaneously
Mentoring, coaching and line managing others to become the best they can be.
Equally adept at strategy formulation and tactical execution
Demonstrated success in earning trust across a broad variety of stakeholders and making principled decisions
Ability to influence and motivate people across a broad variety of job functions
Experience communicating security architecture  to the executive leadership 
Experience in or desire to work with multiple time zones
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.