About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
At Cloudflare we are committed to excellence and innovation, not just as it relates to products we sell to our customers, but also for our internal processes and systems. We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced Quote to Cash Global Process Owner to join our dynamic team and take ownership of optimizing and standardizing quote to cash business processes, working with business owners, across our global operations with a focus on aligning upstream and downstream processes, change management, process documentation and assisting with identification of optimization opportunities. 
This will be the first role that we hire as part of a global process ownership center of excellence (CoE) that we are looking to build out across E2E processes to ensure clear understanding  documentation of processes end to end, continuous improvement and smooth roll-out of process changes with a clear understanding of upstream and downstream impacts. 
What youll do
Process Ownership:

Take full ownership of the end-to-end quote to cash process across all locations and business units within the organization.
Develop an in-depth understanding of the quote to cash process, including its inputs, outputs, and key performance indicators (KPIs).

Strategy Alignment:

Align the quote to cash process with the organizations strategic goals and objectives through collaboration with business process owners and senior management to ensure that the process supports the overall business strategy.

Standardization:

Work with business owners of various parts of the process to establish and maintain standardized process documentation, including policies, procedures, and guidelines.
Promote best practices and minimize process variations across regions and business segments.  

Process Improvement:

Continuously analyze the quote to cash process leveraging process mining tools and other knowledge of best practices to identify areas for improvement and optimization.
Work with business owners to implement process enhancements to streamline operations, improve efficiency, and reduce costs.

Change Management:

Lead change initiatives related to prioritized quote to cash initiatives, working with cross-functional teams to drive successful process improvements.
Manage resistance to change and ensure smooth implementation of process changes.

Performance Monitoring:

Establish and monitor performance metrics and KPIs to assess the effectiveness and efficiency of the end to end quote to cash process.
Analyze data and provide regular reports to management and other key stakeholders, identifying areas for improvement and celebrating successes.

Stakeholder Management:

Collaborate with various stakeholders, including senior management, business owners, subject matter experts, and technology teams.
Engage with business owners of various parts of the end to end quote to cash process to understand their needs, address concerns, and foster a culture of continuous improvement.
Ensure that decisions made related to any single part of the quote to cash process make sense for the process end to end, and ensure that downstream changes are well communicated and addressed. 

Compliance and Risk Management:

Ensure that the quote to cash process complies with relevant laws, regulations, and internal policies.
Work with legal, compliance, and risk management teams to mitigate risks and implement necessary controls.

Technology Enablement:

Collaborate with IT teams to leverage technology solutions and automation to enhance the end to end quote to cash process.
Work with IT and business owners to prioritize system  automation related initiatives. 
Collaborate with business and IT teams as business requirements are documented to ensure business owners of various parts of the process all work together to form a cohesive end to end solution. 

Training and Communication:

Develop and deliver training programs to educate employees about the quote to cash process, its importance, and how to execute it effectively.
Facilitate clear and timely communication regarding process changes, updates, and performance to ensure organization-wide awareness and alignment.

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Accounting, Finance, or Economics
Minimum 8 years of experience in process management, with a track record of successfully optimizing and standardizing global processes.
Strong understanding of the technology industry and the challenges associated with managing global operations.
Proven ability to lead change initiatives and drive process improvements.
Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams.
Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities, with a data-driven approach to decision-making.
Experience in technology enablement and familiarity with process automation tools.
Ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, adapting to evolving business needs.
Looking for someone who is a self-starter, willing to bring ideas to the table with proven success in execution  If you are a strategic thinker with a passion for continuous improvement, we encourage you to apply!

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location and experience level.

For Colorado-based hires and Washington hires: Estimated annual salary of 148,000 - 180,000
For New York City-based and California (excluding Bay Area): Estimated annual salary of 165,000 - 201,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 174,000 - 212,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.