About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Infrastructure Capacity Manager, Capacity Engineering and Analysis Responsibilities
Job Description
The Infrastructure Capacity Manager in Infrastructure Forecasting  Insights ensures that the different Data and Analytics teams are aligned with the organizations mission, strategy, and objectives. The Forecasting  Insights team analyzes data and its key drivers for both internal and external users. They take charge of the long-term forecasting of Infrastructure Capacity and develop advanced analytics and models to improve overall forecasts and operational analytics. This position will focus specifically on the forecasting to support the Compute, Storage and Artificial Intelligence needs for Cloudflares suite of products  Additionally, they will have to be able to leverage their software engineering skills to connect to various upstream and downstream systems ensuring the forecasting plan matches the execution.
About the team
In the realm of Cloudflares global network, capacity engineering takes center stage as the conductor of orchestrated growth and maintenance of Cloudflares global infrastructure. This critical role involves forecasting diverse workloads, collaborating closely with engineering teams to optimize resources, and meticulously planning and deploying hardware, including compute, GPU, storage, and network components. The ultimate goal: ensuring Cloudflares customers enjoy a consistently seamless online experience.
Core Responsibilities
Delivers multi-year forecasting plan end-to-end of our Edge Infrastructure capacity plan, including data center expansions, supply chain requirements, and data center management workflows aligned with various internal engineering teams.

Collaborate with major partners including S  OP, Planning, Engineering, Finance, Operations and Business Expansion teams to develop a strategic approach to create and capacity planning verticals
Run an excellent organization and set-up mechanisms to lead teams across multiple locations globally.

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

5 years of working experience in an Executive Data Management, Data Analytics or Cloud leadership position within a fast-paced and complex Organization.
Experience in leading large infrastructure architecture programs, teams and cloud infrastructure architecture management.
Experience building and leading data  analytics organization or practices as well as successful experience evangelizingadvocating for data analytics value across an Organization and to diverse audiences.
Direct experience driving continuous improvements in process and operational efficiencies. Lead process-improvement efforts and manage the implementation of both business processes and technical solutions. Drive standards across cross functional teams.
Proven and successful experience in a consulting role for senior Organization leadership and executives. As well as experience with hands-on leadership roles directly managing data and analytics teams, and driving change within a large, complex Organizations.
An understanding of cloud architecture, underlying markets and key market drivers, and global megatrends and the value of data  analytics in acting on external disruption and market trends.
Communication skills
Strong analytical skills
Interpersonal skills
Strong leadership and people skills

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires and Washington hires: Estimated annual salary of 188,000 - 230,000
For New York City-based and California (excluding Bay Area): Estimated annual salary of 210,000 - 256,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 221,000 - 270,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.