About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
This position is based in Mexico City, Mexico
About the Team
The Corporate Finance team is responsible for enterprise level planning, budgeting, forecasting, analysis and capital allocation. As an analyst on this highly strategic  visible team this individual will drive partnership with Cloudflares GA organizations. The ideal candidate possesses excellent analytical, critical reasoning, interpersonal, communication, influencing and leadership skills and is passionate about both problem solving as well as building high quality repeatable processes that scale with our rapid growth.
What youll do

Business Planning - Lead the business through the quarterly, annual, and long-range planning processes to optimize resource allocation and support Corporate FPA process and deadlines
Financial Analysis  Modeling - Adds value by integrating business acumen and appropriate financial analytical methods to deliver insights and drive action
Business Partnership  Communication - Build and maintain relationships with functional managers to understand drivers, trends, opportunities, and to share insights and recommendations
Process Excellence - Partner with Accounting to ensure a timely and accurate monthly close process.  Identify opportunities for process improvement, automate financial reports, and leverage technology to solve business problems, partnering with internal technical teams.  Be a key stakeholder in the Anaplan implementation
This is an individual contributor role reporting to the Senior Finance Manager for GA functions

This role is critical in helping Cloudflare achieve and exceed its growth and profitability goals. You will primarily focus on supporting our GA organization, providing visibility on all things financial to key stakeholders, surfacing new insights and improving processes. The ideal candidate is highly analytical, able to communicate financial insights and recommend appropriate actions. This role would be remote and would be based in Mexico. The role might involve travel to the US on a quarterly bi-annual basis.
Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Min. 3 years of experience as a Financial Analyst, total of at least 5 years of financial experience 
Bachelors degree (MBA preferred)
Prior financial analyst experience working in a multinational global company highly preferrable
Prior GA finance finance business partner experience preferred, not mandatory
Financial Modeling: High Proficiency with MS Excel and Google Sheets; ability to build thoughtful, complex and auditable financial models
Communication: Clear, concise communicator; ability to synthesize complex data or business problems into actionable information to drive results
Strong partnering capabilities, with the ability to influence business partners without direct authority and to appropriately push back when required.
Versatility: Ability to multitask and thrive in a fast-paced, high-growth environment, zooming in with good attention to detail while still keeping the big picture in mind
Project Management: Results-oriented, self-starter, organized, team-focused, and a strong work ethic, leveraging relationships to ensure deadlines are met
Tools  Systems: Proficiency with Enterprise Financial Planning Tools  Systems; experience with Anaplan, Netsuite, Workday a plus
Good working knowledge of US GAAP required
Advanced working proficiency with English mandatory both written and verbal.
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.