About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
Cloudflares Billing Engineering Team built and maintains all the internalexternal billing related services, product provisioning services and services related to entitlements. This is a vital team centric to every product launch, campaign or initiative Cloudlfare undertakes. There are constantly multiple high profile initiatives going on, therefore the ability to context switch, communicate proactively and manage expectations is a key.
Billing Team is a place where you will learn fast, interface with all other engineering product teams, work with empathetic and team driven engineers, solve hard challenges and celebrate wins. Introspection, projectincident retrospectives, team communication is central to our success. 
What youll do QA Testing efforts would be surrounding companys quote to cash systems which includes internal and SAAS systems that support ordering, subscriptions, entitlements, billing, invoices, taxation, payments, revenue recognition and other systems integrations supported by enterprise engineering team

Job will involve a combination of manual QA testing and automation QA testing. The split between the two can vary depending on business needs. 
Work closely with business teams, analysts, engineers and product managers to write test plans, test cases and estimates to support project and product releases ensuring consistency with specified requirements agreed with both external and internal customers
Strategize, lead, and execute end to end integration tests, system tests,  functional non functional tests for various complex programs and initiatives. Support ad-hoc testing needs.
Execute test cycles that follow best practice standards, (both manual and automated) producing documented results that determine the release readiness of products or features
You have hands-on experience in designing and building using at least one of the Test automation frameworks (Jest, TeamCity, Cypress, Selenium, Cucumber, Junit, Maven etc) and built new test automation libraries
Work with and coordinate between geographically distributed cross functional team members, users, vendors and customers. Communicate with business users within all levels of the organization
Facilitate problem solving and troubleshooting of quality issues. Champion effective defect management best practices
Ensure there is a full understanding of work effort, timelines and expectations
Document, coach  track quality assurance best-practices.
Proficient in writing database queries in PostGres BigQuery Snowflake or other languages
Support on-call rotation with team members. Respond promptly to application alerts, production issues and follow through to resolution per established SLAs
Hands-on experience with analytics and monitoring tools like Grafana (configuring, creating queries, dashboards, and alerts), and ability to troubleshoot application systems logs using tools like Kibana, Sentry
Programming Skills: ProficiencyGood Understanding in at least one programming language is crucial. Common languages used in software QA engineering include Go, Python, Java. Knowledge of scripting languages like Bash or PowerShell can also be valuable
Bug Tracking and Management Tools: Familiar with bug tracking and test case management tools, such as JIRA, QMetry, Bugzilla, or similar tools, is beneficial. Being able to effectively log, track, and communicate issues is essential for efficient collaboration with x-functional teams
Education Required: Bachelor in Computer Science, Information Systems or related discipline, or equivalent work experience
Adaptability and Growth Mindset: Demonstrating a willingness to learn new technologies, tools, and methodologies is crucial. Adaptability to changing project requirements and the ability to work in a dynamic environment is highly desirable
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.