About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About Solutions Engineering at Cloudflare
The Pre-Sales Solution Engineering organization owns the technical sale of the Cloudflare solution portfolio, ensuring maximal business value, fit-for-purpose solution design and adoption roadmap for our customers. Solutions Engineering is made up of individuals from a wide range of backgrounds - from Financial Consulting to Product Management, Customer Support to Software Engineering, and we are serious about building a diverse, experienced and curious team. 
The Partner Solutions Engineer is an experienced PreSales role within the Solutions Engineering team. Partner Solutions Engineers work closely with our partners to educate, empower, and ensure their success delivering Cloudflare security, reliability and performance solutions.
What youll do as a Partner Solutions Engineer
Your role will be to build passionate champions within the technology ranks at your Partner accounts, aid your Partner organizations to drive sales for identified opportunities, and collaborate with your technical champions to build revenue pipeline. As the technical partner advocate within Cloudflare, you will work closely with every team at Cloudflare, from Sales and Product, through to Engineering and Customer Support. 
You have strong experience in large Pre-Sales partner and account management as well as excellent verbal and written communications skills in both Chinese and English, suited for both technical and executive-level engagement. You are comfortable speaking about the Cloudflare vision and mission with all technical and non-technical audiences. 
Ultimately, you are passionate about technology and have the ability to explain complex technical concepts in easy-to-understand terms. You are naturally curious, and an avid builder who is not afraid to get your hands dirty. You appreciate the diversity of challenges in working with partners and customers, and look forward to helping them realize the full promise of Cloudflare. On the Solutions Engineering team, you will find a collaborative environment where everyone brings different strengths and jumps in to help each other.
Specifically, we are looking for you to:

Build and maintain long term technical relationships with our partners to increase Cloudflares reputation and authority within the partner solution portfolio through demonstrating value, enablement, and uncovering new areas of potential revenue
Drive technical solution design conversations and guide partners in Greater China Region including Mainland China, Taiwan and Hong Kong through use case qualification and collaborative technical wins through demonstrations and proofs-of-concepts
Evangelize and represent Cloudflare through technical thought leadership and expertise 
Be the voice of the partner internally at Cloudflare, engaging with and influencing Cloudflares Product and Engineering teams to meet your partner and customer needs
Travel up to 40 throughout the quarter to support partner engagements, attend conferences and industry events, and to collaborate with your Cloudflare teammates in Chinese and English

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience:

Fluency in Chinese and English (verbal and written) is required to work with clients and partners; Bonus: Cantonese fluency
Experience managing technical sales within large partners and accounts:

Developing champion-style relationships
Driving technical wins
Assisting with technical validation

Experience with or curiosity in any of the core industry components of Cloudflare solutions (and passion to learn more):

Internet security technologies including DDoS and DDoS mitigation, Firewalls, TLS, VPN, DLP
Networking technologies including TCP, UDP, DNS, IPv4  IPv6, BGP routing, GRE, SD-WAN, MPLS, Global Traffic Management
HTTP technologies including reverse proxy (e.g., WAF and CDN), forward proxy (secure web gateway), serverless application development
SASE concepts and Zero Trust Networking architectures
Detailed understanding of workflow from user to application including hybrid architectures with Azure, AWS, GCP

What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.