About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Candidate Requirements:

Customerpartner-facing experience, and experience translating business requirements into technological solutions.
Proven ability in stakeholder management, with a track record of building and maintaining long-term relationships with both external and internal stakeholders at different levels, including executive levels.
Proven experience building deep technical relationships with channel partners, systems integrators, and third-party developers to deliver high-impact Cloudflare solutions.
Previous technical service delivery experience in service organization is preferred, e.g., project management, technical account manager, professional services consultant
Hands-on experience in one of these solutions:

Internet application performance and security
Network security solutions
SASE, ZTNA, identity management, end points, cloud and SaaS environments

Ability to perform troubleshooting and solve technical problems
Ability to prioritize, multi-task, and perform effectively in a fast-paced environment while helping partners drive successful services engagements and outcomes
Experience in educating services partners to build technical competency and practice and deliver quality services to Cloudflare customers
Excellent communication, documentation, problem-solving, and project management skills

Bonus points:

Experience with a scripting language (e.g. Python, JavaScript, Bash)
Fluency in English and Mandarin is required to work with regional partners

 
Job Roles:

Cloudflare Partner Services organization provides services and product implementation advisory expertise to our strategic Services Partners to help them build service management offerings around Cloudflare.
As a Partner Technical Services Manager (TSM), you will draw on your technical acumen and partner-facing skills to help Services Partner successfully migrate, implement, and manage Cloudflare solutions.
In this role, you will manage the successful technical delivery of Services Partner engagements to drive customer adoption of Cloudflare, for example, Cloudflare Zero Trust, Application Services, Network Services, and Edge Developer solutions.
You will build deep technical relationships and regularly engage with diverse stakeholder groups within the partner and customer organizations (as needed), including executives of large enterprises and a cross-functional and geographically dispersed team. 
Youll utilize your relationship management skills and technical credibility to effectively communicate at all levels of the organization. 
Ability to travel (domestically and internationally) approximately 30 of the time, as needed.
You will be responsible for managing relationships with a variety of stakeholders, both within and outside of Cloudflare. This will include establishing and nurturing long-term connections with service partners in the region at the technical management level, as well as internal stakeholders across various cross-functional teams. Your ability to collaborate and communicate effectively will be key to driving success in this role.

 
 Job Responsibilities

Develop strategic relationships with partner organization stakeholders to understand their services business offering and develop strategic roadmaps. 
Provide Services Partners with technical guidance, timelines, milestones, migration goals, and business transformation strategies to address customer technical requirements.
Build up Services Partners technical competency in delivering Cloudflare services during the incubation period.
Leverage your technical expertise and experience to develop services practices and processes within the organizations and drive cross-functional teamwork to bring these practices to market.
Lead regular technical services reviews to better Services Partners technical needs.
Run Services Partners workshops partnering with Customer Support, Product Engineering, and Enablement team to ensure Partner Service Delivery success during migrationimplementation projects. 
Work with Partners and Support to guide issuesescalations to resolution, as needed, with regards to migrationimplementation projects.
Develop best practices and assets based on the learnings from project engagements to support initiatives to scale through partners and accelerate Cloudflare adoption.

 
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.