About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
What you get from this role:
In this role, you will contribute to Cloudflares revenue generation engine by delivering pipeline at scale to the Sales counterparts. You will do this through a maniacal focus on people, process, and tools. The Business Development organization is anchored in a culture focused on the development  training of its employees, incubating talent across the company, teamwork, and celebrating success. With flawless execution, we believe the Business Development organization will be a competitive differentiator for Cloudflare.
Note: Like other positions at Cloudflare, there is a tenure requirement of 18-24 months before you can apply for another role within the company.
Day in the Life of Outbound Business Development Representative (BDR) at Cloudflare: 
In this role, your primary responsibility is driving business growth and expanding the customer base of Cloudflare by identifying and nurturing potential opportunities through proactive outreach and effective lead qualification.  
Your day-to-day responsibilities include:

Prospect and research potential leads or target accounts 
Initiate outbound calls to introduce Cloudflare productsservices
Qualify leads based on interest, budget, authority, and fit
Build relationships and rapport with potential customers
Develop in-depth knowledge of Cloudflare offerings
Manage and update CRM with accurate information
Collaborate with the sales team to hand off qualified opportunities
Meet or exceed set targets and KPIs
Stay updated on industry trends and market conditions
Provide regular reports and insights to managers and fellow team members

Preferred qualifications and experience:

Fluency in both English and French languages
Minimum 1 year of professional working experience, coupled with an interest in transitioning to a role in outbound sales 
Minimum 1 year of proven experience in a sales or business development role, with a focus on outbound prospecting or lead generation
Ability to meet and exceed achievable targets
Foundational knowledge of computer networking and how the internet works
Motivation, drive and a self-starting attitude
Ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams, such as sales and marketing
Experience with CRM systems like Salesforce.com, proficiency in LinkedIn Sales Navigator, and familiarity with tools like Outreach.io or Salesloft would be advantageous
Effective communicator with strong follow up skills
Ability to multitask, prioritize, and manage time effectively in a fast-paced, dynamic environment
Adaptability, resilience, and the ability to handle rejection or objections in a positive manner
Resolute desire to move up in other sales functions at Cloudflare
Demonstrated ability to quickly grasp technical concepts and terminology 
Ability to travel within and outside the United States andor Canada as required

Key metrics for success in this role include:

Making a minimum of 50 outbound calls per day 
Sending a minimum of 30 targeted emails per day using Salesloft
Generating a minimum of 2 qualified opportunities per week through calls, email and social outreach
Actively managing and progressing sales cadences (Salesloft)
Ensuring timely follow-up on all leads or inquiries within 24 hours
Meeting or exceeding assigned sales targets and KPIs
Keeping CRM data accurate and up-to-date at all times
Receiving positive feedback from team members or manager

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Canada based hires: Estimated annual On Target Earnings of CA72,000 - 88,000 

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.