About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Responsibilities
We are looking for a highly skilled and self-motivated Technical Program Manager to join our Support Team. 
You will work within a team of talented support engineers and managers who are helping customers manage billions of web requests each day. 
Your primary role will be to work with the Support team and other related cross-functional groups to create, define, project manage, execute, track, and report on major Support team initiatives to successful completion. You will collect program requirements, ensure buy-in from project contributors, provide regular updates to stakeholders and senior management, and coordinate messaging and process changes for any impacted groups. You will serve as the primary liaison between project teams delivering on initiatives, members of the Support team most impacted by this work, and the Support Engineering team which would execute any development work necessary.
This roles program will focus on our escalation process - how we escalate issues to other internal teams, how we escalate critical issues for our most strategic customers, and how we manage incidents. This person should be familiar with building and optimizing processes with cross-functional teams, and working with Engineering (or similar) leadership.
You are passionate about matching up business needs with building technically innovative solutions, excelling at shifting between the two—understanding how big-picture goals inform technical details, and vice-versa. You are able to implement and drive processes and persistently make progress and adjustments. You have the ability to drive change and help team members understand the benefits of your work.The ideal candidate is flexible and comfortable in playing multiple roles (diplomat, negotiator, coach, reporter, etc.), leading many large initiatives concurrently, and able to adapt to changing situations. 
Requirements

Minimum 5 years experience in technical program management, large-scale project management, or in a related function like Consulting or implementation
Experience in developing new product or service offerings, bringing the offerings to market, and enabling sales and services teams to sell and support the offerings. 
Experience running multiple large initiatives concurrently and prioritizing many competing tasks daily
Flexibility and adaptability, experience trying different approaches and adapting as you go based on the needs of your team  project
Proficiency in change management, stakeholder management, communications planning and development, and selling the benefits of your work
Proven track record creating realistic project plans with tight deadlines, and overseeing execution to meet commitments and deliver with predictability
Strong competency with Confluence, JIRA, and various development methodologies: extreme programming, Agile, Waterfall, Kaizen, Scrum, etc.  
Excellent oral and written communication, as well as strong documentation and reporting skills
Experience working with multiple time zones and cross functional teams 
Excellent scheduling and meeting coordination skills
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.