About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the role
You will work as part of our core engineering team in APAC which builds the Cloudflare infrastructure running in 200 cities around the world. Your code will impact upwards of 2.8 billion peoplemonth, as well over 10 of all internet connections which pass through our servers. Your work will focus on building robust, secure and high performance distributed systems. We are a small engineering team operating at a massive scale: our network spans to more than 300 cities in over 100 countries, including approximately 30 locations in Mainland China and interconnects with over 12,500 networks globally, including major ISPs, cloud services, and enterprises with 209 Tbps of network capacity 
Responsibilities
You will be supported by colleagues, and collaborate with other teams around the company. Our global Infrastructure engineering teams include:
Provisioning tools
Build toolingautomation and infrastructure services that help Data Center Engineering teams at Cloudflare enable nodes in production with minimal interaction, contributing towards Zero Touch Provisioning. Our team works with all of the engineering teams at Cloudflare and plays a critical role to reduce node time to production. Some examples on what we built you can find it here
APIs
Builds the public facing APIs that power the Cloudflare infrastructure, granular access control policies for adapting to different workflows, enabling users to perform a variety of tasks, these foundational models have a far reaching impact.
Desirable skills and experience

Minimum 3 years of experience building large-scale software applications in Python andor Golang
Experience building web applications using Python
Experience designing and integrating RESTful APIs
Knowledge of SQL and common relational database systems such as PostgreSQL and MySQL
Excellent debugging and optimization skills
Unitintegration testing experience

Bonus

Experience with a 3rd programing language (pref rust), besides Python and Golang
Experience with Airflow and Django
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.