About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
In this role, you will be focused on maintaining the Cloudflare global network. Youll work closely with Cloudflares SRE (Site Reliability Engineering) team, Network Engineering team, Network Deployment Engineering team and with various vendors and partners (including hardware vendors, datacenter and network providers, and ISPs) to maintain and improve our global infrastructure. You will further be responsible for the development and implementation of consistent processes and visibility measurements for consistent and effective management of our infrastructure. This is a highly visible position that requires deep technical understanding of datacenter infrastructure, networking (physical), and basic experience with data analysis and project management.
To be successful in this position, you should have excellent technical skills, communication skills, and be able to navigate a range of challenges and constraints (e.g. schedule adherence, time zones, and cultures). You will have the opportunity to (literally) build a faster, safer Internet for our millions of users and the billions of web surfers that visit their sites each month.
Who you are
You will thrive in a hypergrowth engineering environment and be self driven with a keen attention to detail. You will come with a deep technical understanding of Data Center colocation environments, network architecture and server technologies. You will be used to working through partners to support infrastructure delivery to a number of remote locations. You will have had experience managing operational environments, and used to developing new approaches to improve delivery efficiency or operational stability. 
What youll do

Collaborating with internal teams (Infrastructure, Network Engineering and SRE). Create documentation and manage remote contractors to complete datacenter tasks, working with hardware manufacturers, datacenter and network providers, logistics partners and other service providers in support of our 300 datacenter locations
Maintain Data Center environment operational availability
Creating and maintaining documentation, plans, SOPs, MOPs etc.
Support and configure network infrastructure where required
Providing feedback to internal teams to support internal tools and external vendor partnerships

Required Experience

Minimum of 5 yrs of Linux systems administration
Experience with Juniper, Cisco and DWDM network equipment
Experience managing and instructing remote contractors 
Familiarity with work required to stand up infrastructure in remote colocation facilities 
Experience running and improving operational processes, including automation tooling, in a rapidly changing environment
Familiarity with day-to-day tasks and projects common to Data Center Operations (deployment, migration, decommissioning etc.)
Comfortable handling basic program management responsibilities (prioritization, planning, scheduling, status reporting) such as JIRA
Incident management 

Other Responsibilities May Include

Aggressively seek opportunities to introduce cutting-edge technology and automation solutions that are effective, efficient and scalable in order to improve our ability to deploy and maintain our global infrastructure
Assist with the definition, documentation and implementation of consistent processes across all region
Limited travel

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Bachelors degree; technical background in engineering, computer science, or MIS
Direct experience executing on complex data centerinfrastructure projects
Previous experience installing  maintaining data center (and other IT) infrastructure and DCIM tools
Experience running and improving operational processes in a rapidly changing environment
Strong verbal and written communication skills, problem-solving skills, attention to detail, and interpersonal skills
Must be proactive with proven ability to learn fast and execute on multiple tasks simultaneously
Ability to manage MS excel and Google spreadsheets
Comfortable handling basic program management responsibilities (prioritization, planning, scheduling, status reporting) such as JIRA
Must be a team player

Bonus Points

Multi-lingual; experience working with infrastructure in multiple countries
Comfortable with remote lights-out and out-of-band access to data center resources
Linux certifications (RHCSA etc.)
Network certifications (CCNA, JNCIA or higher)
Configuration management systems such as Saltstack, Chef, Puppet or Ansible
Scripting or software development experience in Bash, Python or Go-lang
Familiarity with load balancing and reverse proxies such as Nginx, Varnish, HAProxy, Apache
Experience in working within a large scale SaaS vendor
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.