About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
What youll do as a Network Specialist Solutions Engineer
As a Network Solution Engineer, you will be responsible for designing network solutions that meet the needs of our clients. You will work closely with clients to assess their requirements, develop network architecture, and provide technical guidance through the sales engagement. You will be expected to ensure that network solutions are reliable, scalable, and secure. The ideal candidate will have excellent problem-solving skills, strong technical knowledge, and experience in network architecture and design.
You will work closely with our Account Executives (AEs); generalist SEs, as well as every other team at Cloudflare, from Sales and Product to Engineering and Customer Support. 
Responsibilities
You serve as a trusted advisor to our customers; helping them find the best solution for their business needs with Cloudflare One.

Guide qualified prospects through the Solution Design and Proof of Concept stages of sales engagements; showing them the key capabilities of the Cloudflare Magic product portfolio.
Work with your Sales Partners to consistently achieve Pipeline and Revenue goals
Understand our customers IT landscape and security requirements and develop an architecture for our customers to support their business needs
Articulate the benefits of the Cloudflare Magic product portfolio vs competing solutions
Promote retention by capturing and communicating gaps in product or features
Assess client requirements and design network solutions that meet their needs
Develop network architecture and technical specifications
Troubleshoot network problems and provide solutions
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure project success
Monitor network performance and recommend improvements
Stay up-to-date with industry trends and best practices
Document network designs, configurations, and procedures
Provide training and support to clients and internal teams

Skill Requirements

Curiosity and Learning Agility
3 years of experience in network architecture and design, including DDoS mitigation and other similar technologies
Experience interacting with senior levelexecutives to communicate a message of network and security transformation
Familiar with trends in cyber security (e.g. RATtrojans, malware, ransomware, phishing, adware, cryptomining, spam, botnets, info stealing, scareware)
Fundamental understanding of customer network and application architectures. 


Technical curiosity and passion: Cloudflare is at the cutting edge of internet technology. Its incumbent on us to stay up to date not only with Cloudflares specific products, but with industry trends.
Strong technical knowledge of network hardware, software, and protocols (e.g., TCPIP, DNS, DHCP, VPN, firewalls, routers, switches)
Experience with network virtualization technologies (e.g., VMware, Hyper-V)
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Ability to work independently and in a team environment
Required relevant certifications (CCNP or JNCIP and above) 
Ability to jump in with hands-on configuration when needed
Ability to manage a project, work to deadlines, and prioritize between competing goals

Other desirable skills areas include:

Routing, subnetting, split tunnels. SD-WAN, local internet breakout
End user and application security risks - malware, phishing, viruses
Knowledge of competitive market  around CDN providers, Web application Firewall, Remote access solutions, Next generation Firewalls, CASB solutions, Secure Gateway solutions 
Ideally knowledge of Cloudflare ZTNA solutions such as Teams, Access, Gateway, and Browser Isolation
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.