About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
To the attention of candidates (Mexico City): 
This role requires full time work over the Weekends. Candidates should be comfortable working with a Wed-Sun or Sat-Wed 5-day working week schedule. Candidates MUST have right-to-work in Mexico.  Visa sponsorship is NOT provided for this position.
About the Organization
Solutions Engineering organization is a global organization that leads the technical pre-sales for Cloudflare. Solution Engineers use their technology knowledge and experience to help customers achieve their business goals. Our Solutions Engineers come from a wide range of backgrounds. Were serious about building a diverse team. When hiring we look for diversity of experience combined with genuine curiosity for our technology and ambition to be as diligent and helpful as possible in supporting our Solutions Engineering team to achieve their goals.
Ultimately, as a Solutions Engineer, you are passionate about people, well organized, enjoy researching, have an appreciation of web performancesecurity technology and its importance in todays world. You are naturally curious, and an avid builder who is not afraid to get your hands dirty. You appreciate the diversity of challenges in working with your peers, and look forward to the prospect of enabling the team to help our customers realize the full promise of Cloudflare. 
About the Role
Threat Advisory Engineer (TAE) is a highly technical, hands-on role that requires deep understanding of Cloudflares Security portfolio of products and services. TAE is expected to lead the technology discussion with customers reaching out to Cloudflare while they are Under Attack, and confidently and calmly handles the efforts of attack mitigation using Cloudflare technology and tools. TAE works closely with Cloudflare Product and Engineering teams to analyze threat data and provide insights to Sales and Solutions Engineering teams to support the sales process. Role also requires creating threat intelligence reports and collateral for internal and external consumption. 
About the Candidate
We are looking for curious and ambitious individuals who want to combine their technical, organizational, data-driven research and communication skills with their desire to help customers achieve their goals. Connecting with stakeholders within Cloudflare and utilizing a variety of tools, your role will be to support the Sales and Solution Engineering teams throughout the sales process by focusing on security intelligence, anomaly hunting and incident response. Ideal candidates should be able to leverage intuition, security knowledge and a broad array of tools and advanced security techniques to uncover malicious activity, and assist customers.  
Experience should include a combination of the skills below:

Experience performing technical analysis involving threat event data and evaluating malicious activity.
Deep knowledge of TCPIP and related network protocols: knowledge of standard network protocols like TCP, ARP, ICMP, DHCP, DNS, HTTP, SNMP etc., and accompanying protocolpacket analysismanipulation tools
Workingin-depth knowledge of information security protectiondetection and authentication systems (firewalls, IDS, IPS, anti-virus, etc.)
Knowledge of commonly-accepted information security principles and practices, as well as techniques attackers would use to identify vulnerabilities, gain unauthorized access, escalate privileges and access restricted information.
In-depth knowledge of current operating environments (Microsoft, Linux,  Other operating systems, and cloud providers)
Understanding and use of scripting and third party security tools. 
Working understanding of database systems, application system development and installationimplementation processes.
Exceptional analytical and critical thinking, willingness to challenge status quo. Excellent interpersonal skills.
Advanced written and oral communications, self-motivator. Team player and independent worker, highly adaptive.

Experience and skills below are not required but highly preferred:

Previous experience in a SOC or NOC, or PEN testing.
Knowledge of specific security products such as Bot Management, DDoS mitigation and Web Application Firewalls (WAF).
Awareness of the Zero Trust security model architecture.
Worked with JIRA or other support desk tools in the past.
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.