About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
What were looking for:
We are looking for a driven, detailed, and organized professional that can help us improve operational excellence with our sales process, tools and productivity. In this role, you will have the opportunity to become an expert in our sales process and systems and directly support our sales team. The ideal candidate will have experience working within a sales, operations, or analyst function, ideally within a SaaS company. This is your opportunity to join a growing, fast-paced, and market-leading cloud security company that is poised to be one of the iconic brands of the decade. If you are interested in building your career with a company that is experiencing explosive growth, while being given the responsibility and challenge to have a real impact on our companys success, then this is the opportunity for you
Responsibilities:

Directly support sales and other customer facing teams by resolving tickets related to the sales process, data and systems
Independently review requests and troubleshoot to understand technical challenges, define root causes, and resolve problem
Develop a deep knowledge of tools and processes to help document and improve effectiveness.
Assist with data management in Salesforce.com and Google Sheets: extract data, clean and upload data, pull reports
Effectively liaise between Sales, Contracts, Pricing, Partner Operations and Finance to resolve issues for the sales team
Follow documentation to complete ongoing tasks, and create documentation for new tasks
Perform mass data updates and run reports in Salesforce.com
Use google sheets to format datasets for mass updates and analysis 

About You:

Proficient with ExcelGoogle Sheets for basic to intermediate data analysis and data manipulation (VLOOKUP, pivot tables, SUMIFS, COUNTIFS, CONCATENATE, etc)
Strong time management skills, as well as excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong work ethic and organizational skills
Experience in data operations or related roles preferred
Experience at SaaS company preferred
You have a passion for data and how quality data benefits the organization
Salesforce experience is advantageous
SQLPython experience is advantageous 
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.