About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Department
Account Executives, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, and Customer Success - all working together to help our customers adopt Cloudflare and build great Internet-enabled experiences. The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers take on real, technical problems while building the revenue streams that help the company provide free service to millions in our community.
About the Role
Based in one of our EMEA locations, you will drive sales into gaming  igaming accounts headquartered in Central Europe. You will employ both a hunter and a farmer mindset i.e. proactively penetrate target gamingigaming prospect accounts, whilst leveraging relationships with existing customers and working cross-functionally with customer success to identify and execute on upsell opportunities within these accounts. You will build strong relationships internally (finance, compliance, legal, product, marketing, partners, etc.) and champion the ever-adapting requirements of customers in this segment to all internal stakeholders involved - so as to help deliver a best-of-breed solution to gaming  igaming customers in your target regions.
Additional responsibilities will include

Carry  exceed individual quarterly quotas
Leads contract negotiations
Build a robust sales pipeline
Develop long-term strategic relationships with key accounts
 50 travel

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Minimum 7 years of direct B2B selling experience, 3 years selling to gaming  igaming customers in EMEA
Bachelors degree required
Second language desirable: Polish, Romanian or Czech preferred
Closing experience and track-record of exceeding quota
Deep understanding of the sales process as it relates to Enterprise, Mid-Market,  SMB companies
Relevant direct experience, track record, and relationships within gaming  igaming accounts in Central Europe
Exemplary communication skills, both written and verbal, with confidence to develop and present ideas to varying levels of audiences
Experience directly managing a pipeline of complex, large deals
Direct experience selling network security andor CDN solutions and services preferred
Basic understanding of computer networking and how the internet works
Aptitude for learning technical conceptsterms (Technical background in engineering, computer science, or MIS a plus)
Strong interpersonal communication (verbal and written) and organisational skills.
Self-motivated; entrepreneurial spirit
Comfortable working in a fast paced dynamic environment
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.