About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Are you ready to shape the future of some of Europes most esteemed companies? As Cloudflares Field CTO for Europe, Middle East  Africa (EMEA) youll help guide IT and Security executives on their journey to build secure, high-performing online experiences for their customers. As part of our CTO organization, you will act as a technology and business sage, enlightening customers and leading them toward decisions that will define their current and future strategies and operations. As Cloudflares Field CTO in EMEA, youll also serve as a public-facing ambassador, representing the organization on a regional and global level at industry conferences, media engagements, analyst forums, and other pivotal industry events.
About the Field CTO role
The Field CTO is an executive face of Cloudflare to some of the biggest names in business, and in this role, youll have the opportunity to shape how they think about technology. Whether participating in a panel discussion at a conference, contributing to a media interview, or holding a strategic meeting with a key customer, your ability to communicate complex ideas in an engaging and relatable way will be essential to your success in this role.
Externally, the Field CTO plays a crucial role in building relationships with enterprise clients, prospects, and partners, communicating the value of Cloudflares global network to executive-level stakeholders. Internally, the Field CTO works closely with Cloudflares engineering, product, go-to-market, and customer success teams to help drive the adoption of our industry-leading products and services and ensure customer success across our portfolio.
To excel in this role, the ideal candidate must possess a unique blend of experience in cloud computing, enterprise IT, cyber security, and networking technologies. But its not just technical expertise that were after  the Cloudflare Field CTO must also be passionate about helping companies connect to our platform and achieve their short- and long-term technology and business goals. A love for educating and influencing broad audiences about new technologies and their benefits is a must, as is a proven track record of delivering great content, technical expertise, and support in various contexts.
What youll do

Keep your finger on the pulse of the latest tech and security developments, and share your insights with executives. Offer suggestions for how they can stay ahead of the curve and navigate the competitive landscape.
Forge relationships with executives both online and in-person, leveraging your existing network and industry connections to raise awareness of Cloudflare.
Play a key role in introducing Cloudflares latest innovations to the market through various channels, including traditional and social media, blogs, and analyst briefings.
Act as a trusted advisor to key customers, providing executive-level support and advocacy and working closely with the Cloudflare regional leadership team to develop and execute strategic plans to drive growth.
Be willing to travel regularly and work remotely or in-office as needed, immersing yourself in the day-to-day challenges and opportunities facing your customers and bringing their feedback to the product and engineering teams at Cloudflare.
Build deep, strategic relationships with senior leaders and decision-makers within companies, and become a valuable partner in helping them drive adoption and achieve their business goals.
Drive and contribute to critical business activities, including business reviews, new pipeline generation, and assisting with deal closure.

Examples of desirable qualities, experience, knowledge, and background

Experienced IT executive (VP, CIO, CTO, CISO, CSO, etc.)
Minimum 10 years of experience within enterprise IT, startups, software development, cloud, cybersecurity, service provider, or other relevant industry sector experience
A master of navigating the intricacies of cyber security, security operations, and IT risk  governance, and familiar with local and regional cybersecurity laws and regulations.
An expert in cloud-based IT delivery models who has guided customers through digital and cloud transformations with ease.
A visionary who keeps an eye on the future of industry developments and is well-known as a cyber security authority in the region.
A social media influencer with a strong presence in the digital world.
Experience in a client-facing role explaining strategic and tactical concepts to customers on digital and cloud transformation journeys.
A skilled communicator who excels in client-facing roles, able to convey strategic and tactical concepts to customers in digital and cloud transformation journeys.
A gifted writer and speaker with the ability to communicate security and risk-related concepts to both technical and business audiences.
A thought leader who creates impactful technical content, able to engage senior executives and deep-dive into technical solutions and features.
A dynamic speaker who has a proven track record of captivating large audiences at public forums and key industry events.
Fluent in English and another language relevant to the region, making for effective communication with a diverse range of audiences.

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.