About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the role
Email Operations, database and segmentation strategy, and personalized email nurture.  This role will own the Marketo architecture to enable personalized data driven email campaigns that reach the right audience, aligning with the broader marketing objectives, and delivering an exceptional audience experience . The Senior Marketing Operations Manager will be responsible for email database strategy, governance, best practices, and collaboration with cross-functional teams.
This Senior Marketing Operations Manager will play a crucial role in ensuring the success of our email marketing efforts by developing strategies, implementing best practices, and collaborating with teams across the organization.
Key Responsibilities:

Develop and maintain a comprehensive email database strategy that supports segmentation, personalization, and campaign effectiveness.
Continuously evaluate and improve the quality and health of the email database.
Own the Marketo architecture to ensure strategic audience targeting and efficient email campaign execution.
Act as the central point of contact for intake of stakeholder email business requirements, ensuring efficient coordination and alignment with the broader email marketing strategy while establishing rules and thresholds to prevent excessive email communication to the audience.
Big picture thinking, and meticulous attention to detail  ability to quickly understand overall business objectives, and translate to scalable Marketo operational framework 
Enable and operationalize data driven audience targeting strategies to ensure emails reach the most relevant recipients.
Collaborate with stakeholders to define audience personas and segmentation criteria.
Establish and enforce email marketing best practices across the organization.
Share best practices and create a conduit for cross team collaboration around email best practices.  
Develop a framework to enable teams to  manage their email marketing calendar, ensuring a consistent and coordinated approach to email campaigns.
Collaborate with stakeholders to align email campaigns with broader marketing initiatives.
Partner with the demand generation team to operationalize data-driven email campaigns and ensure seamless execution.
Work closely with marketing teams to enable them to effectively utilize email
Define and implement data-driven segmentation strategies to improve email targeting and engagement.
Monitor and analyze the performance of different segments to refine strategies.
Monitor and report out on the growth and trends of the database

Requirements:

Minimum 8 years of experience in Marketing Operations andor MarTech.
Minimum 5 years of Marketo architecture experience andor owning or administration of the system with a focus on email and nurture strategy
Proven ability to think strategically, but with exceptional attention to detail in execution.
Strong influencing and relationship-building skills, and ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.
A commitment to staying current with the latest trends and best practices in marketing technology.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.
Strong communication and presentation abilities.
In-depth knowledge of email communications best practices, email marketing, customer journey mapping, and relevant industry trends within the SaaS sector.
Experience leading a marketing-wide strategic initiative, with stakeholder collaboration, governance, change management, education and training.

Bonus

Marketo Certified Solutions Architect or Marketo Certified Expert strongly preferred.

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 131,000 - 160,000
For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of 144,000 - 176,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 150,000 - 184,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.