About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Department
Account Executives, Channel Account Managers, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, Customer Success, and Sales Operations - all working together help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great Internet-enabled experiences. The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers solve real, technical problems while creating the revenue streams that help the company provide free service to millions in our community.
What youll do
The Expansion Account Manager role is the specialization area of our sales organization that focuses on growing customer wallet share within the Cloudflare customer base by identifying, qualifying, and closing expansion opportunities.  Reporting to the Head of Expansion, you will conduct regular business reviews on optimization recommendations and new product offerings.  You will work closely with cross-functional teams such as Customer Success and Solutions Engineering to ensure customers are experiencing excellent product outcomes. The ideal candidate will possess both an account management and technical background, to drive engagement with decision-makers and influencers within network  security operations, development and technical infrastructure teams. 
Additional Responsibilities will include:

Expansion sales into existing accounts with strong forecast and funnel management process
Deliver regular outbound campaigns on new product updates, partnering with Customer Success and Solutions Engineering resources
Conduct data driven conversations to cultivate new product pipeline and upsell opportunities
Deliver commercial outcomes by running a consistent sales process and setting next step expectations and contract negotiations with customers
Understand customer use-cases and how they pair with Cloudflares portfolio solutions in order to identify new cross-sale opportunities
Evaluate core usage trends and articulate value to show Cloudflare impact and provide strategic recommendations during business reviews
Network across different business units with each of your accounts, and multi-thread to identify and engage new divisional buyers,
Operate internally as a liaison with cross-functional teams to share key customer feedback and insights to improve customer experience and further investments with Cloudflare

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Bachelors degree required
Minimum 3 years of managing and growing a portfolio of relationships with enterprise buyers
Basic understanding of computer networking and how the internet works
Aptitude for learning technical conceptsterms (Technical background in engineering, computer science, or MIS a plus)
Prior pipeline generation and closing sales experience in strategic selling to the enterprise
Managing a full sales process from demand to close for install base of customers
Building strong, trusting relationships with customers and internal stakeholders
Proven track record of performance (top 10-20 of company) in past sales positions
Self-motivated, Analytical, and Entrepreneurial spirit with hunter sales capabilities
Comfortable working in a fast paced dynamic environment

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.