About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
What you will do
The Joint Security Operations Centre is responsible for monitoring and responding to threats to all Cloudflare systems. It operates across the globe and collaborates with other teams across the whole company to respond to security incidents. The Incident Response Engineers work in all phases of the Incident Response life cycle to ensure preparedness and proper response to security incidents. They will typically triage incidents, collect data, coordinate the response activities and prepare reports after the incident is resolved. The team is also responsible for building, deploying and maintaining the tools it uses for investigation and incident response.
As the Centre must operate continuously, the Incident Response Engineer may be required to take on on-call duties or work outside of normal working hours. 
We are looking for a junior or entry-level professional with strong interest in Incident Response (SOC-style work) and process automation. The ideal candidate will be curious, be able to independently look for answers and have strong growth potential.
Responsibilities 

Monitor and investigate security and privacy incidents, vulnerabilities, and threats, and take appropriate action to mitigate risks and minimize potential impact.
Partake in incident response on-call schedule.
Make critical decisions during incidents, balancing the need for rapid response with thorough analysis and risk assessment.
Support log analysis to identify indicators of compromise and anomalous behavior across various systems, networks, and applications.
Help in analyzing and interpreting system and network logs, and other relevant data sources to identify and track potential threats.
Automate manual tasks using standard tools or by developing custom scripts.
Design, build and introduce processes to automate data collection and processing.
Design, build and introduce processes to automatically produce reports based on collected data.
Design, build and introduce mechanisms to clean up existing data.
Monitor and maintain existing automations.

Requirements

Understanding of network protocol analysis, public key infrastructure, SSL, email (SPAM,  phishing), Operating System security.
Good documentation and reporting skills, with the ability to prepare reports.
Programming and scripting skills in languages such as Javascript, Python, Bash and SQL.
Ability to analyze and interpret security data, identify trends, patterns, and anomalies, and provide actionable recommendations.
Ability to hunt for anomalous activity within a wide set of data.
Great verbalwritten communication, problem solving, analytical and judgment skills to support an environment driven by teamwork.

Examples of desirable skills and experience

Incident response, including triage and investigation of security incidents.
Workflow automation with tools like Jira.
Programming experience (Javascript, Bash, Python, or Golang).
DevOps and configuration management with tools like Terraform, Ansible, etc.
Experience with Cloudflares development platform.
Knowledge of EDR tools like Crowstrike.
Ability to work in a high speed and high pressure environment.
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.