About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
Sales Operations, Account Executives, Channel Account Managers, Business Development Representatives, Solutions Engineers and Customer Success - all working together to help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great Internet-enabled experiences. The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers solve real, technical problems while creating the revenue streams that help the company provide free service to millions in our community.
What youll do
We are building a new Renewals SWAT team that will serve as a key enabler for our Account Executives and Customer Success Managers. You will be working closely with internal teams and external partners to deliver quality customer service that results in increased renewal and expansion opportunities. You will play an integral role in the success of Cloudflares rapidly growing renewals business. In this position, you will learn from experienced account management  sales operations teams to help us build a strong renewals program in conjunction with sales operations  partner management. We are looking for someone who is humble, analytical, driven, and curious to join Cloudflare.
Responsibilities:

Maintain and review customer renewal information (direct and partner renewals)
Work in partnership with Account Management, Contracts  Sales Operations teams to generate quotes 90 - 120 days in advance of customer renewal dates
Perform all execution activities as it relates to processing, reconciling and closing a renewal (insertion orders, amendments, new terms  terminations)
Educate customers and internal stakeholders on relevant support and renewal opportunities, including program-specific offerings 
Perform additional administrative tasks as needed or requested by the Renewals Management  Account Management teams
Build, maintain and enhance renewals documentation and playbook 
Participate in process or system improvement projects to support renewals operations
Across all of these projects we expect you to contribute to improving the way we run the business
Enable your leadership teams (Head of Renewals Management  Sales Ops) to make data driven decisions through reporting on renewals, business reviews, retention, and expansion metrics
Escalate any concerns proactively to the Head of Renewals Management to ensure timely issue resolution and seamless customer experience

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Minimum of 2 years of Renewals Management  Administration or Consulting  Professional Services or Global Support  Shared Services experience
Experience working in a Global Support model is preferred (Open to working in Shifts would be ideal)
Self-starter with ability to function independently and in a timely manner
Strong analytical skills and problem solving skills
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to manage your own workload and adjust priorities to work efficiently and meet deadlines
Experience working in a SaaS company is a plus 
Process-driven individual with strong communication and planning skills
Prior experience working in this role is preferred but not a deal breaker
Experience working with Salesforce, Gainsight and Boostup is a plus
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.