About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About Us
At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers trillions of requests per month. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare have all web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer and named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list.
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!  
What youll do as a Solutions Engineer
The Pre-Sales Solution Engineering organization owns the technical sales of the CloudFlare solution portfolio, ensuring maximal business value, fit-for-purpose solution design and adoption roadmap for our customers. Solution Engineering is made up of individuals from a wide range of backgrounds including but not limited to Sales Consultants, Technical Consultants, Technical Support and Program Managers. 
You are a customer facing technologist within the Cloudflare Solutions Engineering team. You have experience in working in a pre-sales or other technical customer facing role supporting large enterprise accounts or acquiring new enterprise customers, as well as excellent verbal and written communication skills suited to explain the benefits of CloudFlare products and services to existing and potential customers. In this role you will be responsible for partnering with the sales team to understand customer requirements and provide sales support, prepare and deliver technical presentations and demos explaining the benefits of Cloudflare products to existing and potential customers, and run proof of concept trials for customers.
Specifically, we are looking for you to:

Identify and map customer initiatives and business problems to Cloudflare solutions
Build relationships and technical champions within customer accounts
Develop and present customer presentations at every Enterprise Customers organization level
Lead demo and proof-of-concept activities for Cloudflare prospects and customers
Demonstrate your expertise of Cloudflare with your peers  through the creation of professional content, including white papers, blog posts and other knowledge sharing activities
Represent and evangelize Cloudflare externally at Developer, Community, Technology, Cybersecurity and Industry focused events with thought leadership and expertise.
Apply in-depth vertical knowledge or domain expertise. Advise on best practices.

Basic Requirements

5 years of experience in SEpre-sales role or other customer facing technical role with CDN, Security, Networking or SaaS and Bachelors in Computer Engineering 
Solid communication, written and presentation skills
Ability to work on several projects and activities concurrently
Highly driven individuals that are curious, team players and work with a sense of urgency
Bachelors Degree or equivalent in relevant work experience. MBA a plus.

Examples of one or more desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Fundamental understanding of customer network andor application architectures. 
Detailed understanding of workflow from user to application including hybrid architectures with Azure, AWS, GCP.
Understanding, knowledge or experience of application andor network security 
Understanding, knowledge or experiences with SaaS application environments
Understanding, knowledge or experience with VPN and remote access challenges
Understanding, knowledge or experience with SIEM and log analytics platforms 
Client OS fundamentals and software distribution

Other desirable skills areas include:

Experience interacting with senior levelexecutives to communicate a message of network and security transformation
Routing, subnetting, split tunnels. SD-WAN, local internet breakout
End user and application security risks - DDoS, malware, phishing, viruses
Knowledge of competitive market  around CDN providers and internet security technologies
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.