About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
As the Global Vice President of Channel Sales  Partnerships, you will be responsible for expanding our channel partner relationships to drive revenue growth and expand market reach globally.  

Develop and implement a comprehensive channel sales and partners strategy to achieve multi-billion dollar revenue targets and expand market presence globally
Partner with regional GMs and product leaders to create and drive new strategic channel go-to-market plans to meet company growth and market share goals.
Build a world class partner go to market organization that drives sell through and sell with strategies for distribution, resale implementation of our solutions
Recruit, develop, and drive business with key industry and market leading distributors, resellers, Global SIs, regional integrators, and managed service providers.
Lead implementation of systems, programs and tooling to support channel partners with means to competently represent, support and implement our solutions and efficiently conduct business with Cloudflare. 
Develop short and long-term market strategy and forecasts through analysis and interpretation of results and communicate partner activities, execution and productivity with the senior management teams.
Maintain strong reporting and accountability against numbers, driving to exceed targets, while developing and managing motivating incentive tools.
Work cross functionally with product, finance, people team and operations to secure the necessary support, resourcing and operational capabilities for highly effective channel sales programs and delivery 
Leverage strong channel relationships, consistently collecting and providing feedback on partner and channel customer needs, market trends, and opportunities for continuous process, product, and solution improvement. 
Recruit, inspire, lead, mentor, motivate and instill operational rigor into the channel organization, to capitalize on the market opportunity for Cloudflare.

To be effective in this role, the Vice President of Channel Sales will have the following key pivotal experiences and expertise:

High Growth at Scale  Track record of leading channel organizations through rapid growth from 1B to 3B and beyond. Develops processes and strategies that enable the channel organization to scale with the business.
Go-to-Market Complexity  Responsibility for a complex, platformmulti-product sales motion across distributors, resellers, Global SIs, regional integrators, and managed service providers selling into a multi-segment (SMB to Enterprise) customer base.
Operational Rigor  Experience implementing complex strategy and operational improvements. Takes a data driven and efficiency-oriented approach to sales operations. Measurable success in improving sales enablement, hiring practices, productivity, sales strategy and programs.
Strategic Builder - this executive will be a team builder, team player, and a leader. To be effective in this role, you will have the personal drive and enthusiasm to successfully navigate a growing company in an evolving marketplace.
Infrastructure SaaS  Experience within a cloud-native, highly technical infrastructure SaaS business, and track record of managing a predictable and repeatable recurring revenue business model.

Compensation

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 425,000 - 500,000
For New York City, Washington, and California based hires: Estimated annual salary of 475,000 - 550,000.

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.