About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
Cloudflares CIO organization has an Enterprise Applications Team that operates our enterprise systems end-to-end, providing process cohesiveness across the functional areas. This enables our Cloudflare internal teams to operate efficiently and enable our customers and partners to do business with us. 
Within the Enterprise Applications Team is a Finance  Legal  team whose main responsibility is to manage our Finance and Legal platforms in addition to other platforms that support our financial legal functional areas.  
What youll do
Cloudflare is looking for an Enterprise Systems Admin to help us enhancesupport our core Revenue, ERP system, as well as peripheral financial systems. In this role you will be supporting the revenue management system,  new features integrations, new sku creation, configuring Zuora Revenue, integrations to NetSuite. The ideal candidate should have a solid analytical mindset, excellent interpersonal communications, diligent time management skills, be team-oriented and have a strong work ethic. This role will assist other core business systems analystarchitects across IT for strategic and business as usual projects.

Working with Zuora Revenue to build new requirements, troubleshoot issues during month end close.
Understand business requirements that span across Order to Cash, Record to Report areas and translate them to technical requirements
Deliver functional and technical specifications that include functional hierarchy, workflow, business rules, interface design and definitions, outstanding issues, data analysis, and data mapping to business users and development staff
Deliver high level estimates to design, develop and deploy functionality. Develop and unit test the features
Conduct gap analysis between application and stated customer requirements and collaborate with the team to estimate project impact.
Facilitate and perform Build vs Buy analysis for new tools or new feature requests on existing applications
Work with business and Production Support teams to communicate, verify, and test the desired functionality changes.
Work with internal business users to demonstrate the changes to the system and ensure all relevant business needs are addressed.
Manage multiple competing priorities through effective organization and communication.

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Minimum 5 years of continuous Zuora Revenue, NetSuite system (SuiteScript) development experience in complex environments with multiple integrations. Any additional system knowledge on Highradius, Coupa, Avalara is positive.
Zuora Revenue, ERP Consultant certification preferred.
High motivation: be self-starter, with initiative and ability to work independently with minimal supervision using sound business judgment.
Experience with Boomi, Zuora Revenue, Stripe Revenue, Salesforce preferred
Experience with SuiteScript, APEX, Javascript, HTML, CSS preferred
Strong data analysis skills using Excel and knowledge of integration patterns including SOAP, REST, GraphQL, XML, JSON, SQL preferred.
Prior work experience in the accounting field and knowledge of general accounting principles is preferred.
Strong experience with O2C processes
Typescript  JavaScript development experience, both client-side and server-side scripting and debugging experience
Expert understanding of O2C model and functionality
Working experience creating custom records, custom fields, saved searches, and creatingmodifying workflows
Working experience in SQL preferred
Proficient in data querying and report writing
Performing administration, Configuring and implementing new Revenue modules and features
Performing data migration and Support NetSuite, Revenue System
Optimize NetSuite for business needs, coordinating NetSuite teams, implementing best practices, act as NetSuite support, troubleshoot issues with our integration teams and work collaboratively to prepare our system for financial tracking, and automation.
Develop, test, and deploy customizations, custom objects, and new functionality based on evolving business needs.
Configure Revenue system to align to company use of forms, field, and customer records to manage unique business process requirements.
Ensure business and functional requirements are properly configured in other IT enterprise applications.
Integrating third party applications with the Zuora Revenue and ERP system
Ability to learn new business processes or applications very quickly
Must have a strong programming background authoring well written, well documented, modular, and clean code.
Excellent troubleshooting and debugging skills.
Oversee our internal suite of enterprise SaaS apps for development, design, upgrade, and maintenance purposes, prioritizing requirements appropriately.

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 131,000 - 161,000
For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of 147,000 - 179,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 155,000 - 189,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.