About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 

About the Team
The Supportability Team is made up of product experts who partner with Product and Support leaders to reduce the friction that customers experience when using our products, and ensure that our Technical Support Engineers are prepared to support all our products. We are the eyes and ears of Cloudflare, acting as the real-time voice of the customer to help communicate their needs and real-world use cases back to the rest of the company to help us build more supportable products and deliver better service.
About the Role
Supportability Program Managers are hands-on, technical subject matter experts who work cross-functionally across the Product, Engineering, and Customer Support teams. In this high-impact role, you will work with Cloudflares Network Services products, where you will directly shape our Support strategy for Network Services products, as well as how pain points, bugs, and questions from customers are addressed, enabling the Support team to best support our layer 34 products. The goals are to improve product supportability, reduce customer contact rates and escalations, and to improve the customer experience, while also supporting new go-to-market preparedness efforts for any new Network Services features.
Responsibilities

Enable customers to easily adopt and use our Network Services products by identifying usability issues and working closely with the Product and Engineering teams to unblock them
Regularly meet with the Product and Engineering teams for Network Services products
Manage key Supportability metrics for specific Network Services products, including contact rate, escalation rate, support efficiency, and product CSAT
Manage a top issues tracker for Network Services products
Using a metrics-driven approach, work with Product and Engineering to advocate for product or content improvements needed to improve Supportability
Influence Product design and roadmap for optimal customer experience, and to help drive product adoption
Work with the New Product Introduction (NPI) business function on Go-to-market (GTM) readiness efforts, monitoring Product roadmaps and release schedules, and preparing the Support team to support new releases
Help enable and upskill team members on Network Services products, as needed
Support the creation and maintenance of internal and external facing Network Services content
Review escalated customer inquiries to identify product and content needs, and to help Escalation Engineers, as well as Product and Engineering teams resolve complex customer issues
Maintain testing and reproduction environments

Required 

Experience working as a network engineer or network security engineer or proficiency in OSI layers 2, 3 and 4
Experience with network and security technology, protocols and tools 

HTTP, TCP, BGP, UDP, GRE, IPSec, DHCP, etc. 
IP tables, looking glass, PCAP, etc.
curl, dig, traceroute, openssl, git, etc.

Expertise with Cloudflares Network Services products: Magic Transit, Magic Firewall, Magic WAN, Magic Network Monitoring, CNI  PNI, Spectrum, Argo, Orpheus, BYOIP, etc.
Excellent debugging skills and ability to troubleshoot complex issues to resolution
Great cross-functional collaboration skills, ability to work effectively with many different teams
Strong verbal and written communication skills, including technical documentation 
Self-motivated, can positively influence others, team player, problem solver
Technical Support or Product Operations experience

Desired

Strong project and change management skills
Executive presentation and training skills
Experience with OSI layer 7 web application technologies, tools, and security
SQL and other database management tools
Analytical mindset and experience working with raw or imperfect data

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.