About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
The Team
Security Compliance is seen as a critical business function at Cloudflare. Compliance certifications allow our customers to be confident in the security and privacy of our products, while also providing frameworks for well-tuned information security management systems and programs. These standards provide clarity to Cloudflares teams on how to incorporate security principles in the management of systems, the development of products, and the expansion of our business footprint.
This is an opportunity to join a rapidly scaling and world class security organization within a billion dollar business. You will join as a member focused on developing and maintaining an internal control framework, aligned with security and privacy standards and internal security requirements. This team is part of Security Compliance and is part of the greater Security Team under Cloudflares Chief Security Officer. We guarantee that you will be challenged and have room for growth on our team! 
What youll do

Improve the maturity of Cloudflares Security Compliance program with a focus on our Cloudflare Control Framework
Develop, maintain, and mature Cloudflares security and privacy controls
Collaborate with security, risk, and compliance specialists, and control owners maintaining framework compliance with security and privacy certifications, frameworks, and other security requirements
Help lead Cloudflares GRC tooling requirements
Work cross-functionally with Engineering, Product, IT, Legal and operational teams to drive security control implementation for the organization
Ownership of the framework and collaboration in internal and external audits
Help guide our overall security and privacy policy and governance architecture
Have input and contribute to the overall security compliance strategy and roadmap

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Minimum 3 years working in a IT audit, or Security Compliance role;
Knowledge of Security Compliance Frameworks and previous experience managing security control frameworks
Experience in auditing of network, operating system, and application security
Ability to work closely with auditors and articulate technical concepts
Familiarity with additional security standards and frameworks such as ISO 27000 family, SOC 2, PCI DSS, NIST 800-53
Ability to work cross-functionally with internal stakeholders and strong communications skills
Ability to work efficiently and independently in a fast-paced, high-volume environment
Some travel may be required to engage with regulators and auditors
CISA, CRISC, CISSP, CIPP, CIPM, CIPT is a plus

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Florida  Arizona based hires: Estimated annual salary of 112,000 - 124,000
For Colorado  Texas based hires: Estimated annual salary of 128,000 - 142,000
For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of 132,000 - 147,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 140,000 - 155,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.