About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Role 
The essence of this role is building strong relationships with customers through people and programs to help Cloudflare achieve its brand, sales and customer satisfaction goals. This includes an emphasis on 1) building relationships with C-level customer executives and 2) securing more big brand references.
The main areas of responsibility are:
Customer evidence: Developing and promoting internal and external content that substantiates the value of Cloudflare. Outputs include written case studies, case study videos, bylined articles and internal-facing win wires. Success is measured by quantity and quality of content, amount of engagement with content, the brand equity of participating brands and the levelstitles of participating customers.
Customer references: Working closely with sales and customer success to cultivate a large pool of customers willing to provide private and public references to Cloudflare customers and prospects as well as industry analysts. Recruiting and engaging customers for participation in events, speaking engagements, announcements, press releases, bylined articles and other marketing activities.
Customer advisory programs: Creating and running programs that engage customers in programs that elicit customer insights, share Cloudflare technology roadmaps, and gain feedback on Cloudflare engineering, support, pricing and marketing plans. Success is measured by participation and satisfaction with advisory programs, as well as the quality of the insights the programs produce.
Other customer advocacy support: Recruiting and engaging customers for participation in events, speaking engagements, announcements, press releases, bylined articles and other marketing activities.
You will have accountability for:

Maintaining and expanding trusted relationships with Cloudflares most engaged and influential customers
Identifying and cultivating new relationships with customers across market segments, with particular focus on well known global brands
Monitoring and improving Cloudflares standing in third party reference-driven review systems (for example Gartner Peer Insights)
Leading a team of customer advocacy and customer reference professionals
Running and improving existing customer advocacy and customer advisory programs
Developing new advocacy and advisory programs based on your and Cloudflares priorities and goals
Operating customer reference management tools and support systems to enable easy company-wide access to customer evidence and references
Building strong relationships with stakeholders across the business, including product, product marketing, demand generation, sales, field marketing, communications, content, web strategy, expansion marketing and executive leadership

About You

Ability to lead, inspire and grow a team of customer advocacy experts
Ability to work cross-functionally to amplify the voice of our customers across marketing and communications activities
Deep experience developing enterprise and mid market customer content 
Proven ability to build and nurture senior level relationships and secure references from large and valuable brands
Solid understanding of both technical and business value content and messaging in areas of networking, security and cloud infrastructure
Experience with a variety of content types including shortlong form, interactivedigital, video and social
Ability to create and operationalize innovative new ways of engaging customer advocates
Experience working in both high growth and high scale companies a big plus

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires and Washington hires: Estimated annual salary of 160,000 - 196,000
For New York City-based and California (excluding Bay Area): Estimated annual salary of 179,000 - 219,000.
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 188,000 - 230,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.