About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Department 
As a Product Manager at Cloudflare, you are responsible for building products that improve the way that the Internet works. Product Managers at Cloudflare sit at the intersection of software development, design, and business strategy. We shape high-level product goals but also get our hands dirty. On an average day, you might pitch a concept to senior leadership, create a launch plan with marketing, work with designers to conduct user research, prototype a new feature, iterate on a spec, analyze usage data, or pair with an engineer on implementation. We have ultimate responsibility for understanding our client needs, influencing business strategy, feature specification, and working with engineering to develop our software. 
About the Role 
Securing our customers applications is core to what we do. As part of this, our solutions protect and accelerate both applications and users worldwide. As a Product Manager for Page Shield working as part of our Security products team, you will develop, promote, define the roadmap and ultimately be responsible for one of our core security products, aimed at protecting millions of end users worldwide in the client side (browser) security space. 
What youll Do 
In this role you will shape one of the core security products offered by Cloudflare, working closely with the development team and other functions across Cloudflare, to listen to customer problems and deliver solutions that satisfy customers needs. You will solve problems that have wide impact and significance, shaping the future of security on the Internet.
We operate with very small teams of highly motivated and experienced engineers and product professionals. This candidate will need to be able to understand the technology behind our products to help guide engineering decisions and prioritizations. A suitable candidate will have an exceptional understanding of engineering, customer management, or product, and a deep desire to learn.
Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience:

Minimum 3 years of experience in product management or solutions engineering
Minimum 2 years of software engineering or software deployment experience
Experience working with customers to deploy and capture feedback on new technologies
The ability to work in a fast-moving and ever-changing environment
Experience working alongside engineering and design teams
Exceptional people skills and empathy
Excellent command of the English language
A high degree of attention to detail
A deep understanding of technical subjects and the internet
A kind and generous attitude towards customers and co-workers alike
A desire to receive feedback and grow
A university degree in software engineering, software development, computer science, or related technical field

Responsibilities

This is a self-directed role where you will be expected to own a product vision, direction, and day-to-day growth including:
Help contribute to crafting Cloudflares vision for the future of the Internet
Define the product, learn from customer usage, iterate and improve
Contribute to the core security products vision and strategy
Work with customer-facing teams during and after sales cycles
Communicate with peers, leadership, and customers
Organize and triage features and issues
Manage a product roadmap and its translation to revenue
Make decisions and own outcomes
Work alongside an engineering team to execute on the product vision
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.