About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
 
About the team
Cloudflare wants to give customers deeper insights into how their network operates.  We are building products that help visualize your network across all Cloudflare One products including Magic and Zero Trust. We are building new products to give customers deeper visibility into how their network is performing, provide insights into network threats, and give actionable recommendations to improve the security, performance, and reliability of their networks.
We are a team of engineers and product managers who obsess over quickly building products that solve real customer problems using innovative technologies and techniques which leverage Cloudflares unique architecture and global network footprint.
About the role
As a software engineer on the Magic Visibility team, you will contribute across a wide range of technologies and systems to deliver new products that provide network visibility to our customers. You will help build and grow a globally distributed network data collector and the pipeline that delivers, processes, and stores the massive stream of data. You will build backend services that analyze this network data and correlate it with a multitude of other data sources within Cloudflare. You will build APIs and integrations with other products such as DDoS mitigation, Magic Transit, and Magic Firewall to enable customers to take action on insights we surface. You will scale all of these technologies to enable access to these products to all Cloudflare customers. We primarily use technologies such as Go, Linux networking, Kafka, Clickhouse, GraphQL, SaltStack, Prometheus and Grafana.
Were looking for determined, curious, empathetic engineers to join our team!
Desirable skills, knowledge, and experience

Programming experience in Go, Python, or Rust
Experience building large-scale, highly distributed systems
Experience with message streaming and stream processing technologies such as Kafka
Knowledge of SQL and experience working with common relational databases
Familiarity in statistics and data modeling
Bonus points for background in networking or flow collection and analysis
Excited by quickly delivering results that make a meaningful difference to customers
Own solutions end-to-end and driving the design, development, and deployment process
Able to work across teams and level common, sustainable solutions
Creative, open-minded, collaborative problem solver
Focus on clarity in written and verbal communication

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.