About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Department
Cloudflares Engineering Team builds and runs the software that handles large amounts of requests on the Internet today. We also build and run the internal tools and platforms that run that software. Individual engineering teams are typically responsible for large areas with considerable impact, and able to execute autonomously within that space to deliver value to their customers - be they internal or external. 
What youll do
You will lead a team of passionate, talented engineers that are building innovative products that touch billions of web requests each day. In this role, you will introduce tools and processes to make our engineers lives better. You will play an active part in shaping product strategy based on whats technically possible. You will make sure our company hits our ambitious goals from an engineering standpoint.
You bring a passion for meeting business needs with technically innovative solutions and excel at shifting between the two—understanding how big-picture goals inform technical details, and vice-versa. You thrive in a fast-paced iterative engineering environment and have experience in delivering scalable distributed systems. Most importantly, you have a track record of past teams who respect you as both a technical leader and manager.
Database Platform
Cloudflare builds and manages an internal Postgres platform and supporting tools that allow engineers to rapidly build, deploy, and operate the services that make Cloudflare work. This platform spans multiple regions and colo facilities. The team is responsible for delivering a platform thats easy for developers to use with the operational visibility they need to deliver a high quality of service, while also keeping the platform stable and highly available.
Desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Minimum 4 years experience in engineering management
Solid foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in software design, and building large, distributed systems
Excel at planning, creating teams and overseeing execution to meet commitments and deliver with predictability
Demonstrate a track record of managing a team including hiring, onboarding, and professional development. You inspire your team to reach higher. Youre as good as explaining why as you are how
Experience implementing tools, process, internal instrumentation, methodologies and resolving blockages
Comfortable managing teamsprojects with competing priorities and short release cycles
Hands-on experience with Postgres
Familiarity with networking terminology, tooling, patterns, and technologies.

Bonus Points

Familiarity working with DNS, Kubernetes, Internet performance, andor Internet security
Familiarity with etcd, Rook, Golang, Ceph, Prometheus, Consul, Vault, and similar systems
Experience building and running systems on bare metal
Experience founding or leading a startup

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 191,000 - 233,000
For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of 213,000 - 261,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 225,000 - 275,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.