About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Role
Cloudflare is looking for a Senior Manager, Global Partner Demand Programs — a vibrant, inventive, and data-driven individual adept at crafting scalable partner-focused demand generation campaigns. Someone with a proven talent for building nurturing programs, maximizing partner campaign engagement, and consistently generating new partner-sourced pipelines.
You will own the demand generation program strategy and execution for the Cloudflare Partner ecosystem globally, working closely with our Campaigns and Regional Field Marketing teams to leverage best-performing campaigns and optimize them for partner pipeline delivery. You will conceive, launch, manage, and optimize demand generation programs for partner business acceleration that span a variety of online channels  display, retargeting, email, direct mail, social, webinars, content syndication, to name a few. You have a natural inclination to measure the effectiveness of marketing activities, strong project management skills, and the ability to think strategically and orchestrate many moving parts.
Responsibilities

Develop and execute a strategy for thru-channel marketing programs, including repeatable partner marketing programs, including social, email and webcast campaigns leveraging our marketing partner automation portal to achieve Cloudflares partner-sourced pipeline and revenue objectives.
Design co-brandable partner to-go campaigns and downloadable assets across multiple channels (email, display, paid social, webinars, etc.) 
Construct a sponsorship strategy and framework designed to amplify reach, foster participation, and ensure the inclusion of our partners in Cloudflare-driven events and activities, i.e., Cloudflare TV. 
Act as a point person between marketing and our partner team to drive demand generation program awareness and activation.
Build effective reports to track partner campaign activation, performance, and ROI 
Develop a framework and content to scale through partner email nurture programs to help partners push qualified leads further down the funnel for conversion.
Work with cross-functional team members (Field Marketing, Partner Sales, Design, MarTech, Product Marketing, etc.) to support orchestrating high-impact integrated online marketing campaigns.

Requirements

Minimum 5 years of proven experience in B2B marketing (enterprise software, SaaS, Security, etc.)
Minimum 3 years hands-on experience building through-partner campaigns with demonstrated strong partner-sourced pipeline delivery
Deep understanding of different partner types and their routes to revenue  
Good understanding of account based marketing and all digital marketing channels
Familiarity with Salesforce, Marketo, HubSpot, Eloqua (or other marketing automation tools)
In this highly visible role, you must be comfortable with reporting and communicating campaign efforts and impact across the organization
Analytically inclined, exceptional organizational skills, with rigorous attention to detail
Ability to work effectively, influence managing a wide set of stakeholders in a fast-paced and ever-changing environment with tight deadlines
Excellent written and stellar presentation skills
Extreme curiosity.

Bonus points

Familiar with channel marketing technology and platforms, including Through Channel Marketing Automation (TCMA) and partner portals   
Prior demand generation experience in a high growth company in the SaaS, security, or network space, combined with knowledge of how the Internet works is a plus.

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 139,000 - 169,000.
For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of 142,000 - 174,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 149,000 - 183,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.