About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Department
Account Executives, Channel Account Managers, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, Customer Success, and Sales Operations - all working together help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great Internet-enabled experiences. The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers solve real, technical problems while creating the revenue streams that help the company provide free service to millions in our community.
Based in Beijing, you will drive sales into enterprise and mid-market accounts across China for Cloudflares solutions. Your strategic selling activities will include hunter type activities to proactively penetrate target named accounts, detailed account planning, focused relationship building and leading effective sales campaigns to successful closure.
The ideal candidate will possess both a major account sales background in technology solutions, primarily software based, that enables them to drive engagement with senior level decision makers within Cloudflares target customers.  Industry experience selling into Finance, Retail, Manufacturing and other Enterprise verticals along with Service Provider is desired in this role.
As an Account Executive, youll be responsible for developing and executing against a Sales strategyplan for assigned vertical or accounts, as well as driving large account sales into China markets to achieve revenue targets. Therefore, you must have a strong network of contacts with decision makers in enterprise accounts across the region, and have experience selling complex solutions to these accounts. You will have an intuitive understanding and experience with the key business and technical needs of these and large accounts and will create and deliver compelling value propositions to them for Cloudflare solutions.
Additional responsibilities will include

Manage contract negotiations
Maintain a robust sales pipeline
Develop long-term strategic relationships with key accounts
 50 travel

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Bachelors degree required
Fluent in both English and Chinese
Relevant direct experience, track record, and relationships within largest corporate enterprise accounts in China market 
Minimum 3 years of direct B2B selling experience, preferably managing internet accounts 
Direct experience selling network security andor CDN solutions and services preferred
Prior experience being part of an early sales team helping drive traction in China market for a US-based SaaS company highly preferred
Experience managing longer, complex sales cycles
Basic understanding of computer networking and how the internet works
Aptitude for learning technical conceptsterms (Technical background in engineering, computer science, or MIS a plus)
Strong interpersonal communication (verbal and written) and organizational skills
Self-motivated; entrepreneurial spirit
Comfortable working in a fast paced dynamic environment
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.