About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the role
We are looking for a strong leader to join our team as part of the Finance  Business Operations Organization. As a key team member of a high-visibility organization, this role will provide both technical and operational support to Cloudflares Global Commissions Program  Strategy.
What youll do

Support accuracy and timely distribution of commission payments and statements for the Cloudflare Sales Team 
Help to drive Cloudflares Incentive Compensation Management (ICM) Tool strategy, operations, configuration and enhancement
Drive alignment amongst cross-functional stakeholders and project manage timely assignment of commissions calculation inputs
Own sales performance analytics for the Cloudflare Sales Team, surfacing key findings and expanding systematic visibility for leadership and business partners
Scale consistent practices, documentation and desktop procedures for all commissions processes
Implement appropriate SOX Controls, partnering closely with the Controllership and Internal Audit Organizations
Partner with the Sales Compensation Design Team to ensure feasibility and timely implementation of compensation plan changes

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Minimum 8 years of FPA, Consulting, Incentive Compensation Administration or Commissions Finance experience; experience with a Saas business model preferred
Firm grasp of the commission administrative process flow, including plan document distribution and tracking; transaction crediting; incentive calculations; payment file preparation; and issue resolution  
Experience with commissions-specific SOX Controls
Highly proficient in Excel  GoogleSheets 
Experience with SQL platforms and queries is a plus
Experience with sales compensation software and systems
Communication: Clear, concise communicator; ability to synthesize complex data or business problems into actionable information to drive results
Versatility: Ability to multitask and thrive in a fast-paced, high-growth environment, zooming in with good attention to detail while still keeping the big picture in mind
Project Management: Results-oriented, self-starter, organized, team-focused, and a strong work ethic, leveraging relationships to ensure deadlines are met
Bi-lingual Spanish and English required, written and verbal.

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.