About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Department
Emerging Technologies  Incubation (ETI) is where new and bold products are built and released within Cloudflare. Rather than being constrained by the structures which make Cloudflare a massively successful business, we are able to leverage them to deliver entirely new tools and products to our customers. Cloudflares edge and network make it possible to solve problems at massive scale and efficiency which would be impossible for almost any other organization.
About the Team
The Workers Runtime team delivers features and improvements to our Runtime which actually executes customer code at the edge. We care deeply about increasing performance, improving JS API surface area and compiled language support through WebAssembly, and optimizing to meet the next 10x increase in scale. The Runtime is a hostile environment - System resources such as memory, cpu, IO, etc need to be managed extremely carefully and security must be foundational in everything we do.
What youll do
We are looking for a Systems Engineer to join our team. You will work with a team of passionate, talented engineers that are building innovative products that bring security and speed to millions of internet users each day. You will play an active part in shaping product features based on whats technically possible. You will make sure our company hits our ambitious goals from an engineering standpoint.
You bring a passion for meeting business needs while building technically innovative solutions, and excel at shifting between the two—understanding how big-picture goals inform technical details, and vice-versa. You thrive in a fast-paced iterative engineering environment.
Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Solid understanding of computer science fundamentals including data structures, algorithms, and object-oriented or functional design.
Knowledge of at least one modern strongly-typed systems programming language such as Go, Java, C, Rust, or C.
An operational mindset - we dont just write code, we also own it in production
Strong understanding of the web and technologies such as web browsers, HTTP, JavaScript and WebAssembly
Experience working with cloud platforms, especially server-less platforms

Bonus Points

Deep understanding of the web and technologies such as web browsers, HTTP, JavaScript and WebAssembly.
Experience working in low-latency real time environments such as game streaming, game engine architecture, high frequency trading, payment systems.
Experience debugging, optimizing and identifying failure modes in a large-scale Linux-based distributed system.
Experience with the internals of JS engines such as V8, SpiderMonkey, or JavaScriptCore
Experience with standalone WebAssembly runtimes such as Wasmtime, Wasmer, Lucet, etc
Deep LinuxUNIX systems, kernel, or networking knowledge
Managing contributes to large open-source projects
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.