About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Department
The Partner team works hard to grow the Partner ecosystem around Cloudflare. Channel Account Managers, Partner Development teams, and Partner Solutions Engineers all support partner businesses as they grow and scale with Cloudflare. All working together help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great Internet-enabled experiences.
About the Role
This role is strategically focused on service delivery and operational excellence for Cloudflares Managed Security Service Providers (MSSPs) and Telecommunication Partners. You will be responsible for onboarding these partners and aiding them in building service offerings around Cloudflare technologies. You will be the process and technical application expert that helps our partners build and scale managed service offerings to ensure our end-customers receive an amazing Cloudflare experience. Your position involves high-level engagements and discussions with C-suite executives at partner organizations, focusing on strategy and roadmap planning. Your technical knowledge of Cloudflares solution, industry expertise, familiarity with go to market models and ability to manage large cross-functional projects will allow you to act as a trusted advisor for your partners alongside Cloudflares Partner Success Managers, Channel  Alliance Managers and Solutions Engineers.
 
You are passionate about technology and going above-and-beyond for your customers. You are self-driven, naturally curious, and an avid client advocate. You look forward to joining a growing team and to helping define and develop Service Delivery at Cloudflare.

Key Responsibilities

Drive onboarding of MSSPs and Telecom partners
In-depth understanding of the business, revenue, and service models commonly employed by MSSPs.
Support partners in developing service offerings based on Cloudflare solutions
Conduct high-level strategy and roadmap discussions with partner C-suite executives
Serve as a trusted advisor in your domain expertise to help partners operationalize their business models
Work cross-functionally within Cloudflare to ensure partner and customer success
Requirements
Extensive experience in working with MSSPs and Telecommunication companies
Proven record of success in senior-level engagements with large IT organizations, particularly focused on managed or professional service delivery
Previous Consulting, Technical Account Management, or Project Management experience
Strong understanding of application, server, and network security and performance concerns
Understanding of DNS, TCPIP, HTTP, TLS, and related protocols
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Math, or related field
Enablement and training experience a plus
Some API experience a plus

Bonus Points

Direct experience in supporting global partnerships
Familiarity with multi-tenant architectures commonly used in managed security services.
Fluency in additional languages
Experience in working with channel sales teams to drive revenue through MSSPs.
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.