About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 




Overview:
Cloudflare provides consultative and hands-on-keyboard implementation and migration services for enterprise customers. As an Implementation Manager (IM), you are an individual contributor working in the post-sales landscape, responsible for the technical delivery of solutions and guidance to our customers to get the most value possible from their Cloudflare investment.
Working hours:
Wednesday to Sunday 08:00 a.m. to 05:00 p.m. or
Saturday to Wednesday 08:00 a.m. to 05:00 p.m.
Responsibilities:

Plan and deliver timely and organized services for customers, ensure customers see the full value in Cloudflares products and advice on product best practices.
Gather business and technical requirements, use cases and any other information required to build, migrate and deliver a solution on behalf of the customer and transition the Cloudflare working environment to the customer. Produce a Solution Design, HLD, LLD, databuilds, procedures, scripts, test plans, drawings, deployment plan, migration plan, as-builts, and any other artifacts necessary to deliver the solution and transition smoothly into the customers technical teams.
Implement changes on behalf of the customer in the Cloudflare environment following the customers change management process. Provide guidance to the customer to configure their CPEs and integration points.
Troubleshoot implementation issues and collaborate with Customer Support, Engineering and other teams to assist technical escalations.
Contribute towards the success of the organization through knowledge sharing activities such as contributing to internal and external documentation, answering technical QA, and helping to iterate on best practices. Support building operational assets like templates, automation scripts, procedures, workflows, etc.

Experience might include a combination of the skills below:

Minimum 5 years of experience in a customer facing position as a Security Engineer, Implementation Engineer, Onboarding Engineer, Consultant, Technical Support Engineer, Solutions Architect, andor Network Engineer.
Strong working experience with IT networking and general understanding of how the internet works e.g.: BGP (network design  implementation), TCPIP  IPv46, DNS, HTTP, GRE tunnels, VPNs, IPSec, router and L34 and next-gen firewalls configuration, MPLS, SD-WAN, WAN optimization, software defined networking and overall IT networking related best practices, NetFlow, sFlow. 
Deep understanding of how the Internet works. Layers and protocols of the OSI model, such as TCPIP, UDP, TLS, DNS, HTTP. Reverse and forward proxies and the application of both.
Deep understanding of Internet and Security technologies such as SWG, Sandboxing, Firewalls, DLP, and VPNs
Deep understanding of Zero Trust technologies such as Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA), Secure Web Gateway (SWG), Remote Browser Isolation (RBI), Data Loss Prevention (DLP), CASB and Cloud Email Security
Experience debugging Network connectivity issues using Network Troubleshooting Tools
Ability to manage a project, work to deadlines, and prioritize between competing demands
Ability to work with all levels of an organization (both internally and externally) with experience of both working cross-functionally and geographically. 
Highly motivated, driven and passionate about technology and customer success.
Anticipates needs, innovates, multi-tasks and excels in a fast-paced environment.

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience:

Fluency in English (verbal and written) is required to work; bonus: Mandarin, Japanese or Hindi.
Experience with Microsoft Active Directory, GPO, AzureAD and Intune
Experience with Zero Trust Implementation and deep understanding of the Zero Trust Frameworks like NIST will be a huge plus
Working experience with security aspects of an internet property, such as Firewalls, WAFs, Bot Management, Rate Limiting, (M)TLS
Experience implementing or understanding of regulatory requirements such as PCI DSS, HIPAA, and SOC-2
Security skills and certifications such as CISSP, GCIA GCIH, GCFA, GCFE, CCIE, CCNP, JNCIE or MCSE will be a huge plus
Proficiency with infrastructure as a code tools and automation such as API automation and Terraform
Performance aspects of an internet property, such as Speed, Latency, Caching, HTTP2, TLSv1.3
Detailed working knowledge of web based security, network segmentation, security proxies,  SSLIPSec and SSLTLS VPN appliances  services, etc
Deep understanding of SSO, ADFS, LDAP and SAML and the role of the IdP for SSO. 
Demonstrated experience with a scripting language (e.g. Python, JavaScript, Bash) and a desire to expand those skills.
Windows  Linux Server system administration




What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.