About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
What Youll Do
We are looking for a Sales Compensation Analyst to join our team within the Finance  Business Operations Function. As a key team member of a high-visibility organization, the Sales Compensation Analyst will provide data analysis, reporting and operational assistance in support of Cloudflares Global Sales Compensation Program. Working closely with the existing Sales Compensation team and partnering with GTM Finance, the Sales Compensation Analyst will play an active role in compensation plan administration, sales performance analytics, managing the Anaplan ICM platform, compensation plan distribution, and commissions calculations.
Please Note: We are open to hiring this role at the Analyst or Senior level, depending on the candidates experience.
Responsibilities

Assist in implementing of our company roadmap for Sales Performance Analytics
Drive Cloudflares Incentive Compensation Management (ICM) Tool configuration and enhancement
Own accuracy and timely distribution of commission payments and statements for the Cloudflare Sales Team 
Drive alignment amongst cross-functional stakeholders and project manage timely assignment of commissions calculation inputs
Build consistent practices, documentation and desktop procedures for all commissions processes
Partner with the Sales Compensation Design Team to ensure feasibility and timely implementation of compensation plan changes and special programs
Work directly with the Cloudflare Sales Team to assist in question and dispute resolution, leading with empathy and employing a customer-focused approach
Work on key, high visibility and impact projects:

New Incentive Compensation Management Tool
Analysis to Support New Comp Program Introduction
Expansion of Commissions Control  Analytical Infrastructure


About You

5 years of either FPA, Consulting, Investment Banking, Sales Operations, Sales Compensation or Commissions experience. Experience in a growth technology company is a plus.
Proven track record of building strong relationships and influencing business partners. You are comfortable interfacing with business partners outside of your direct team, and understand the rigor and caliber of deliverables required to work with them.
You are a data-driven, truth seeker: analytics and data are your currency for facilitating informed decision making.
Firm grasp of the commission administrative process flow, including plan document distribution; transaction crediting; incentive calculations; payment file preparation; and issue resolution. 
Highly proficient in Excel  GoogleSheets, system-based analytical tools
Communication: Clear, concise communicator; ability to synthesize complex data or business problems into actionable information to drive results
Operations: You seek out efficiency, leveraging tools, automation or other means to scale process and deliver more accurate results
Versatility: Ability to multitask and thrive in a fast-paced, high-growth environment, zooming in with good attention to detail while still keeping the big picture in mind
Project Management: Results-oriented, self-starter, organized, team-focused, and a strong work ethic, leveraging relationships to ensure deadlines are met.

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires and Washington hires: Estimated annual salary of 110,000 - 134,000
For New York City-based and California (excluding Bay Area): Estimated annual salary of 123,000 - 151,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 130,000 - 158,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.