About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Working hours: Monday - Friday 09:00 a.m. to 06:00 p.m. (PT or CT)
As an Implementation Manager for delivering solutions to attain Zero TrustSASE, you will be the technical lead starting from the project kick-off until the customer is fully utilizing their contracted products and services.  You will oversee and support technical design and implementation tasks for new and existing customers.  You are a product expert and will leverage your knowledge to ensure that our customers understand and utilize the Cloudflare platform to its fullest extent.  Your goal is to help customers to be successful and to derive the most value possible from their Cloudflare investment.
You will work closely with the Customer Success Manager, Project Manager, Customer Solutions Engineer as well as every other team at Cloudflare, from Sales and Product to Engineering and Customer Support.  Customer success will drive you through the entire organization as you implement scalable solutions for your customers needs.
Responsibilities:
You will be part of a global Professional Services team and be responsible for delivering services to new customers, additional products for existing customers and customers who come to us to migrate their services to Cloudflare

From a technical perspective, your primary responsibilities will be to deliver timely and organized services for customers, ensure customers see the full value in Cloudflares products, and advise on technical best practices
Provide customers with clear proactive technical guidance and expertise across all our products
Collaborate with Customer Support, Engineering, and other teams to assist with technical escalations
Contribute towards the success of the organization through knowledge-sharing activities such as contributing to internal and external documentation, answering technical QA, and helping to iterate on best practices

Experiences might include a combination of the skills below:

5 years of experience working in a customer-facing technical implementation or onboarding team, security engineering team, security operations center or other highly technical team
Layers and protocols of the OSI model, such as TCPIP, TLS, DNS, HTTP
Deep understanding of Internet and Security technologies such as SWG, Sandboxing, Firewalls, DLP, and VPNs
Deep understanding of Zero Trust technologies such as Zero Trust Network Access (ZTNA), Secure Web Gateway (SWG), Remote Browser Isolation (RBI), Data Loss Prevention (DLP), CASB and Cloud Email Security
Deep understanding of SSO, ADFS, LDAP and SAML and the role of the IdP for SSO. Security aspects of an internet property, such as Firewalls, WAFs, Bot Management, Rate Limiting, (M)TLS
Performance aspects of an internet property, such as Speed, Latency, Caching, HTTP2, TLSv1.3
Network transformation technologies such as MPLS, SD-WAN or WAN Optimization
Ability to manage a project, work to deadlines, and prioritize between competing demands

Demonstrated technical experience (hands-on-keyboard) with:

Experience working with Reverse  Forward proxies with Content Filtering  DLP technologies
Software distribution  deployment in Microsoft, Mac and Linux environments
Detailed working knowledge of web based security, network segmentation, security proxies,  Firewalls and NGFWs, SSLIPSec and SSLTLS VPN appliances  services, etc
Windows  Linux Server system administration
Windows, MacOS and Linux client endpoints troubleshooting
Experience debugging Network connectivity issues using Network Troubleshooting Tools

Demonstrated Personal Experience:

Ability to work with all levels of an organization (both internally and externally) with experience of both working cross-functionally and geographically.
Strong interpersonal communication (verbal and written) and organizational skills.
Highly motivated, driven and passionate about technology and customer success.

Preferred but not required:

Software distribution via Mobile Device Management platforms
Experience with Microsoft Active Directory, GPO, AzureAD and Intune
Experience with Zero Trust Implementation and deep understanding of the Zero Trust Frameworks like NIST will be a huge plus
Experience implementing or understanding of regulatory requirements such as PCI DSS, HIPAA, and SOC-2
Security skills and certifications such as CISSP, GCIA GCIH, GCFA, GCFE, CCIE, CCNP, JNCIE or MCSE will be a huge plus
Proficiency with infrastructure as a code tools and automation

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires and Washington hires: Estimated annual salary of 125,000 - 153,000
For New York City-based and California (excluding Bay Area): Estimated annual salary of 136,000 - 166,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 143,000 - 175,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.