About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the team
The Business Intelligence team at Cloudflare is responsible for building a centralized cloud data lake and an analytics platform that enables our internal Business Partners and Product teams with actionable insights and also provides a 360 view of our business. Our goal is to democratize data, support Cloudflares critical business needs, provide reporting and analytics via self-service tools to fuel existing and new business critical initiatives.
About the role
We are looking for an experienced Data Engineer to join our Lisbon team to scale our data platform and product insights initiatives. You will work with a wide array of data sources to build integrated data pipelines that process billions of records each day and influence our critical business initiatives. 
Success in this role comes from marrying a strong data engineering background with product and business acumen to deliver scalable data pipelines and analytics solutions that can enable advanced analytics via a self-service user interface.
What youll do

Design, implement and support end to end scalable data pipelines for multiple data products 
Work closely with a cross functional team of data scientists and analysts and internal stakeholders on strategic initiatives 
Contribute in improving an evolving data platform for scalability, observability and reliability
Partner with product and other data engineering teams to extract, transform and load data from various sources using big data technologies
Build rich data sets that drive innovation in data driven insights at scale within the company
Understand data landscape i.e tooling, tech stack, source systems etc. and work closely with the data engineering team in Austin and San Francisco to improve the data collection and quality

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

B.S. or M.S in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or other quantitative fields
Minimum 3 years of industry experience in software engineering, data engineering, data science or related field with a track record of extracting, transforming and loading large datasets 
Hands on programming experience with Python, Go or any JVM based programming language
Strong command in writing advanced SQL queries
Knowledge of data management fundamentals and data storagecomputing principles
Solid understanding of big data technologies such as Spark, BigQuery, Kafka etc. 
Strong communication skills

Bonus Points

Familiarity with container based deployments such as Docker  Kubernetes
Familiarity with Google Cloud Platform or something similar
Experience in building RESTful and microservices applications is a plus
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.