About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Department
Cloudflares Engineering Team builds and runs the software that handles trillions of requests per month. We also build and run the internal tools that build and run our software. The Engineering Team is split into two groups: one handles product development and the other handles operations. Product development covers both new features and functionality and scaling our existing software to meet the challenges of a massively growing customer base. The operations team handles one of the worlds largest networks with data centers in 102 cities worldwide.
About the Role
Cloudflare is a system spanning the globe, on a mission to make the internet better, safer, and more powerful everyday. As one of the engineers working on the Cloudflare Edge, youll work on the code that runs closest to the end user and is deployed into 150 cities around the world.
Examples of software systems at our Edge include:

A TLSHTTP proxy to make the connection from eyeball to edge as fast and secure as possible
Filtering malicious traffic and handling good traffic according to customer configuration
Content optimization that takes content served from customer sites and makes it more performant
A platform that runs serverless Workers and provides a key value store
A reverse-proxy system that caches customer website content according to customer configuration
Optimization of connections from Cloudflare to our customers origin servers to reduce their load and increase performance
Our Authoritative DNS server and our public resolver 1.1.1.1.

We operate some of the fastest services on the Internet. Your work will focus on building robust, secure, and high performance distributed systems. We are a small engineering team operating at massive scale, so what you do will have huge influence.Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Understand how the internet works at a protocol level, including the differences between what the specs say, and what actually happens on the internet
Confidence to work in multiple programming languages - could include C, Go, Rust, Python, Lua and even PHP
Experience (and love) for debugging to ensure the system works in all cases
Strong systems level programming skills
Excited by the idea of optimizing complex solutions to general problems that all websites face
Experience with a continuous integration workflow and using source control (we use git)
Good Unix knowledge, patches to Operating Systems a huge plus for some roles
Understanding of security issues and responsibilities
Experience with monitoring, alerting and debugging high volume production systems
Fluent in analyses of data sets such as logs
Designing and building APIs
Great oral and written communications skills
Desire to learn and improve
Willing and eager to share knowledge, and mentor

Compensation

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 137,000 - 167,000
For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of 154,000 - 188,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 162,000- 198,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.