About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About The Role
We announced Cloudflare Workers in 2017  — since then its played a key role in Cloudflares strategy for entering the compute market. Until the launch of Workers, as Cloudflare was ramping up its capabilities in the performance and security spaces, it became clear that developers needed more ways to control the edge than rules engines could support.
Over the past few years, Workers has grown from a simple functions-as-a-service option into a complete full-stack platform. Were growing this platform in new ways, and looking for a Product Manager to drive challenging initiatives, working directly with engineering teams across AI and GPU-based workloads, integrations with external tools and services, to new APIs and observability tooling for Cloudflare Workers.
Youll be responsible for driving, building and shipping at least two soon-to-be-announced products in the database and data space:

The first will dramatically improve how developers connect to and query existing databases from Cloudflare Workers, making it even easier to build sophisticated full stack applications with Workers.
The second will enable developers to define, execute, and manage multi-step workflows on top of Workers, R2, Queues, and other sourcessinks, making it easier to ingest, process and transform data on the Workers platform.

You get to join these teams from the ground floor and will be engaging with developers from week one as we rapidly innovate and iterate.
What Youll Do

Drive the strategy, roadmap  represent your products across the organization
Lead projects from ideation through launch, and continuing through ongoing maintenance and support
Develop and nurture relationships with engineering and coordinate closely to ensure successful delivery of product
Partner with other departments such as Product Marketing, Marketing, Community  developer advocacy, Sales, and Customer Support to drive adoption with and gather feedback from customers and prospects
Ruthlessly prioritize across a complex environment of diverse customers, stakeholders and objectives
Represent the company externally as needed, including meetings with customers and prospects and analysis
Delve into market research to drive new investments opportunities

Examples Of Desirable Skills, Knowledge And Experience
The ideal candidate is entrepreneurial-minded and thrives in a fast-paced and goal-driven environment. 
You have outstanding communication and collaboration skills and are able to work with a diverse group, get alignment, and drive the product forward. You are execution focused and emphasize getting things done while paying attention to important details. 

Proven track record of shipping developer-facing products from ideation to launch
Developer focus — youll be working directly, and often be a part of the customers team in helping them get their initial implementation off the ground
BSMS in a technology field. 
Professional product management experience (3-4 years)
Strong technical abilities. You are intimately familiar with modern software development practices used to build and deploy applications. You are capable of wading into the details  understanding engineering decisions impact on the product, but can also drive 30k foot view
A desire to sweat the details and ship great developer experiences
Experience using developer tools (such as source-control management tools, CLIs, etc)
A love for talking to developers at organizations both large and small on a daily basis so that you can build and ship products that solve real problems.
Scriptingprogramming experience (Javascript, Rust, Go, etc.) andor experience with query languages.

 
 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.