About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Role
We are looking for an energetic and driven product manager to own our Cloudflare WARP device dashboard, device api and device integrations with 3rd party endpoint protection providers.
In the last five years, Cloudflare has built the next phase of our product journey on top of our network to solve another challenge facing every small team and enterprise on the planet: ensuring the people and teams within an organization can access the tools they need to do their jobs and are safe from data loss and threats.
To do that, we released Cloudflare Zero Trust, a platform built on Cloudflares network to secure users, devices, and data in organizations of any size. Cloudflare Zero Trust relies on our Zero Trust Agent to onramp devices and their traffic to our edge in ways that significantly improve the traditional VPN Client-Server model. This agent needs to be managed by organizations of all sizes and levels. In addition to what we can build in-house, our Zero Trust solution also relies on deep integrations with partners in the security and device management space, this role will involve heavy collaboration with partners both inside and outside of Cloudflare.
What youll do
You will be the Product Manager for the dashboard that controls the Zero Trust agent, the web api that controls the connection between the agent and Cloudflares network, and all integrations with 3rd party services that share information about connected devices. You will lead all efforts related to these services, directly supporting engineering, sales, our partnerships team and product support.
In this new role, you will shape product and external partnerships, working closely with the engineering teams and other functions across Cloudflare, to listen to customer problems and build solutions. You will work to ensure that the management of the agent is best in class, inclusively designed and accessible to all. You will work with partners both inside and outside Cloudflare to build rich integrations with other device security software. You will solve problems that have wide impact and significance, shaping the future of security on the Internet.
To be successful in this role, you will need an understanding of client-server communication, web apis and how databases generally retrieve  store information. Familiarity with what full stack engineering is, how to call web services and a solid understanding of good web design are important.
Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience:

Minimum 1 year experience with client-server applications is required
Minimum 1 year experience with building  websites, calling web service and an understanding of relational databases is required
An understanding of how client software is deployed and managed in the enterprise with tools like Jamf and Intune is recommended
Hands-on experience with command-line tools used for interacting with APIs, debugging and testing (e.g. curl, dig, etc.)
An eye for design and relentless desire to translate users needs into intuitive designs
Demonstrated ability to lead, drive consensus and deliver in an organization with multiple internal and external stakeholders
Exceptional empathy, curiosity, attention to detail, and problem solving abilities
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Responsibilities
This is an exciting opportunity for a highly driven, early stage product manager with lots of opportunity to help shape the future of Cloudflare Zero Trust. As a product manager at Cloudflare you will be expected to own a product vision, direction, and day-to-day growth including: 

Help contribute to crafting Cloudflares vision for the future of the Internet
Define the product, learn from customer usage, iterate and improve
Contribute to the Cloudflare Zero Trust vision and product strategy all up
Support customers in all phases: pre-sales, proof of concept, and post sales deployments
Communicate with peers, leadership, and customers
Organize and triage features and issues
Manage a product roadmap and its translation to revenue
Make decisions and own outcomes
Work alongside an engineering team to execute on the product vision

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 115,000 - 141,000
For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of 129,000 - 157,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 136,000 - 166,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.