About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Role
Cloudflares Americas Marketing Team is searching for a Senior Account-Based Marketing (ABM) Campaign Manager for Enterprise Markets to develop the ABM strategy, design and execute targeted campaigns and programs that drive pipeline and revenue in specific regions in Americas, including the United States and Canada.
In this high impact role, you will put your creativity and marketing prowess to work to develop, launch, manage and measure 1:Few and 1:Many ABM campaigns that help account teams connect with stakeholders in meaningful ways, increase engagement and breadth with accounts, and contribute to pipeline generation.
Successful candidates are well versed in full funnel campaign management and a wide variety of digital practices; have experience with account-based tactics; understand the motivations of technical and executive stakeholders, and have a successful track record of achieving Marketing Qualified Account KPIs and pipeline goals.
Responsibilities

Demand generation  ABM strategy: Own and build the campaign and demand generation strategy defining the best approach for each segment of the target market: Americas US and Canada Enterprise. Define account tiering, segmentation and framework, and the right programmatic approach and mix of 1:1, 1:Few and 1:Many programs to drive account engagement and contribute to quarterly and annual pipeline goals.
Campaign strategy and execution: Align closely with Americas Regional Sales leaders and Field Marketing Managers, understand market opportunities, help identify the ICP, and target personas, define tactics and execution channels in order to orchestrate multi-touch programs and campaigns, leveraging a variety of channels (digital, paid social, email, direct mail, display advertising, webinars, etc) and integrating field events into the mix. Partner with sales on account based strategies, share new account insights, and educate them on the benefits of using an account-based approach. Influence cross-functional team members in Content Marketing and Product Marketing to develop messaging and content appropriate for target personas. Leverage tools and platforms (6Sense, Marketo, Contentful, Folloze, PFL, Sendoso, etc.) to progress accounts through the buyers journey.
Measurement and reporting: Analyze, report, and measure the full impact of ABM campaigns in terms of stakeholder reachengagement, pipeline and influenced revenue. Leverage SalesforceTableau reporting tools to evaluate campaign performance and report ROI. Manage budget and prioritization across tacticschannels with a keen eye on ROI. Provide ongoing reports on account engagement analytics and traction gained with MQAs. Use data and industry best practices to formulate in-depth analysis, insights and interpretation to optimize programs and plays for target accounts

Your Qualifications

Minimum 8 years experience in B2B Marketing, more than 5 years experience implementing ABM with ITSMA frameworks preferred
BABS in Marketing, Business, Communications or other related fields.
Experience with demand generation multi-channel campaigns and developing ABM campaigns to help sales teams connect account stakeholders in meaningful ways; public sector experience preferred.
High competency with ABM and demand generation martech, digital marketing trends, and best practices (6Sense, Folloze, Salesforce, Tableau, etc).
Proven track record meetingexceeding lead generation and pipeline influence targets.
Data-driven and results-oriented in planning and execution.
Experience orchestrating plays and partnering with sales teams to deliver results.
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment
Excellent written and communication skills.
Passion for delivering an exceptional customer experience.
Experience building rapport with executive stakeholders and speaking their language
Self-starter, resourceful, able to multi-task and work autonomously with great attention to detail. Strong sense of teamwork and collaboration.

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 129,000 - 157,000
For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of 157,000 - 191,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 165,000 - 201,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment
Excellent written and communication skills.
Passion for delivering an exceptional customer experience.
Experience building rapport with executive stakeholders and speaking their language
Self-starter, resourceful, able to multi-task and work autonomously with great attention to detail. Strong sense of teamwork and collaboration.
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.