About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
Cloudflares Enterprise Engineering Team builds and runs software and systems that make Cloudflare run more efficiently and enable our customers and partners to do business with us. Enterprise Engineering is part of the CIO organization, this team seeks talented business systems analyst who take great pride in both the technical and business contribution of their work. You will be given the chance to have a significant impact on our systems, our business and most importantly, our customers. As a member of our team, you will work closely with the business to design and implement new features. You will contribute to all aspects of an agile software development life cycle including design, architecture, development, documentation, testing and operations. You will push your design and architecture limits by owning all aspects of solutions end-to-end.
What youll do

Implement quote to cash systems and integrations, primarily support home grown systems, SAAS applications and integrations for ordering, subscriptions, billing, invoices, taxation, payments, revenue recognition and other systems supported by enterprise engineering team
Define technical roadmap along with the team and execute with a bias to action
Foster strong partnerships with stakeholders in engineering, product and other functions towards mutual success
Participate in systems analysis, writing functional technical specs and detailed systems design.
Partner with the business teams primarily sales, finance and growth to identify gaps, document and re-engineer current processes
Work closely with the accounting team in bringing efficiencies to their monthly close process and improve upon existing system reporting needs
Work with external vendors and support teams to troubleshoot systems issues as they arise
Work closely with business teams, analysts, engineers and product managers and support product releases ensuring consistency with specified requirements agreed with both external and internal customers

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Expert in implementing a home-grown and SAAS based subscription billing system and have worked on large scale business transformation initiatives
Ability to handle multiple initiatives and responsibilities with competing priorities
Solid understanding of business Financial processes including but not limited to Quote to cash process including ordering Billing AR RevRec and understanding of GL
Ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment
Able to deliver a high degree of customer satisfaction at all times
Must be results Outcome focused
Minimum 5 years experience in systems analyst roles, implementing and supporting ERP applications such as Oracle, Netsuite, SAP or Workday Financials

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 140,000 - 171,000
For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of 153,000 - 187,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 161,000 - 197,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.