About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About Us
At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers trillions of requests per month. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare have all web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer and named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list.
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
 
About the Role
We are seeking a Data Center Selection - Technical Business Developer to improve the quality and unit cost and grow the size and number of our colocation sitesPoPs, and help us understand where on the map Cloudflares infrastructure needs to go next.  You possess a broad set of contacts across the data center industry and are able to navigate local and international businesses in various markets to drive the best possible deal parameters.  You will unlock efficiency within our vendor partner portfolio by understanding how to structure contracts to follow demand, keeping abreast of unique market dynamics and insights that help us negotiate, and managing vendor partner relationships to know where to invest and partner further with existing or new partners.  We are looking for someone who excels at progressing many projects in parallel, managing dynamic day to day priorities with many stakeholders, and has experience implementing and refining sourcing best practices in a high growth environment.  Getting stuff done is a must!
 
The Data Center Strategy team is part of Cloudflares global Infrastructure (INF) team. The INF team grows and manages Cloudflares global data centerPoP footprint, enabling Cloudflares tremendous growth with compute, network, and data center infrastructure, utilizing an extensive range of global partner vendors.  

What you get to do in this role:

Define regional vendor strategy for data centers
Own deals end to end involving new and existing data center vendors and sites to support Cloudflares infrastructure growth including planning, RFP, commercial negotiation and execution
Work cross-functionally with data center operations teams, capacity planning, network strategy and security teams to understand requirements and project timelines
Establish and conduct scheduled QBR and other vendor management activities with top category partners
Represent Cloudflare credibly to external partner C-level senior management and at public conferencesevents
Expert point of contact for internal business customers  external colocation partner vendors as needed
Contribute information to annual data center budget for effective tracking and benchmarking of infrastructure costs
Review colocation spend  invoices for management approval 
Other duties as assigned

 
SkillsExperience:
 

5 years in planning and managing data center footprints within a fast moving enterprise technology organization or cloud services, software or colocation company
Ability to multi-task and manage complex projects across multiple teams and geographies within set deadlines
Ability to navigate, solve problems and answer questions with minimal supervision
Relationship management experience and excellent communication skills
Demonstrated experience in commercial negotiation 
Experience with rack, site power and white space planning (data center sales engineering) a plus
Experience with or understanding of network concepts a plus
Experience in budget planning, financial analysis, or other analytical role a plus
Experience with Jira a plus
Multilingual andor experience livingworkingconducting business in another country a plus
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience required
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.