About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Role
The SLEDFED Deal Desk Analyst will help accelerate revenue growth of our FEDSLED business by supporting our sales motion to create quality deals. As the deal desk leader for our SLEDFED sales team, you will be responsible for:

Supporting the sales team in structuring and executing largestrategic deals, including bid management for SLEDFED
Manage our government deal approval process to ensure compliance while enabling unique contracting needs and requirements
Ensure sales motion reflects a healthy sales discovery process so that deals reflect the customers needs
Understand an evolving competitive landscape to help create competitive differentiation
Provide additional deal desk supporting to other commercial businesses based on business need

If youre excited by driving growth through global, cross-channel and cross-product initiatives and want to be part of a company that is helping to build a better internet, Cloudflare would love to talk to you.
Must be able to work East Coast Hours.
What youll do

Collaborate with the sales team in structuring and executing largestrategic deals, liaison with all organizations involved in the agreement process (e.g., finance, legal, order management, product, servicessupport).
Audit and validate data and margins on adhoc deals submitted by the sales team.
Perform margin and pricing analysis in order to support business strategy.
Manage international pricing matrix, partner margin deals and large deal approvals.
Collaborate with internal teams to build, streamline and automate our deal desk processes.
Perform monthly and ad-hoc analysis to identify opportunities to improve the business KPIs through continuous improvement 
Work with teams to develop pricing tools (e.g., TCO calculators, discounting guidelines) and integrate them into Salesforce

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Must be comfortable in a fast-paced sales environment
Understand the buying process and negotiating dynamic for US government entities
Experience working the deal deskcontract management team:

Develop an in-depth understanding of the pricing models
Provide support in conjunction with contracts, legal  finance teams
Ability to analyze  recommend the best course of action for complex pricing  licensing situations.

Knowledge of CloudSaaS services, software and solutions is highly recommended
Expert knowledge of Microsoft Excel, SQL  and prior experience with modeling and analysis
Enjoys engaging with complex, cross-functional teams and individuals
Experience with 

Minimum 3 years of SLEDFED experience 
Minimum 3 years of deal desk experience

Possess excellent written and oral communication skills
Proactive, creative, and results oriented individual
Experience selling software is considered a bonus

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 159,000 - 195,000
For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of 164,000 - 200,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 172,000 - 210,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.