About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Department
As a Product Manager at Cloudflare, you are responsible for building products that improve the way that the Internet works. Product Managers at Cloudflare sit at the intersection of software development, design, and business strategy. We shape high-level product goals but also get our hands dirty. On an average day, you might pitch a concept to senior leadership, create a launch plan with marketing, work with designers to conduct user research, prototype a new feature, iterate on a spec, analyze usage data, and pair with an engineer on implementation. We have ultimate responsibility for understanding our client needs, influencing business strategy, feature specification, and working with engineering to develop our software.
About the Role
We are hiring a PM to help build products that enable customers to transform their corporate network.
Cloudflare provides a full stack of networking-as-a-service products that allow customers to build and operate secure, reliable, and fast networks without purchasing traditional network hardware. Cloudflares network underpins mission-critical infrastructure, always-on applications, small businesses, and everything in between. Our customers rely on the performance, security, reliability, and visibility provided by our network to power their business. 
Were looking for a PM to define and execute on the vision to replace next generation network firewalls with a modern, network-as-a-service offering leveraging the full power and threat data of the Cloudflare network. Traditional network firewalls, and their virtualized equivalents, all suffer from the same scale, cost, and administration challenges of other network hardware that Cloudflare replaces. Its time to build a better solution and reinvent the market.
As Product Manager for Magic Firewall, your job will be to:

Ensure customers are able to easily analyze and secure network traffic to and from any network location—whether on the Internet or across the corporate environment.
Build innovative solutions to customers network security problems that leverage the unique strengths of Cloudflare: a massive, highly interconnected network spanning the world, threat intelligence distilled from an unparalleled vantage point on the Internet, and a high-velocity engineering organization that ships early and often.
Harness cutting edge machine learning (ML) and big data analysis techniques to build solutions that detect and mitigate network security threats with minimal customer involvement.
Think through how to make a great, easy-to-use product that customers love, and drive the full product life cycle from core user needs discovery through to pricing and packaging. Ship continuous software and process improvements to support your products sustained growth. 

What Youll Do
As a member of the growing team of product managers your responsibilities include:

Own the product vision for your area. Ensure that it aligns with the overall product and company vision.
Represent the customer. Be the champion and voice of customers. Build intimate, personal customer relationships. Bring the customers voice into the creation process.
Manage the roadmap. Make tough tactical prioritization decisions while helping the company think long-term. Build trust with stakeholders by maintaining an understandable, accurate roadmap.
Author use cases and prioritize requirements. Translate market observations and customer feedback into a prioritized product backlog. Author use cases based on specific real-world product applications and extrapolate detailed product requirements for the scenarios.
Collaborate across teams. We win or lose as a team. Product managers play a critical role in creating alignment between engineering teams and other stakeholders. A collaborative attitude is essential to the job.
Measure success. Own the measures used to define success for your product. Success measures must be defined at the inception of a product and tracked throughout its lifecycle. Make measures visible to all stakeholders and interpret them into actionable conclusions and new hypotheses.
Develop new opportunities. With your finger on the pulse of the market, the customers and the engineering teams, you are uniquely positioned to bring new products to market that solve real customer problems. 

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience
You are entrepreneurial-minded and thrive in a fast-paced and goal-driven environment. You have outstanding communication and collaboration skills and are able to work with a diverse group, get consensus, and drive the product forward. You are execution focused and emphasize getting things done while paying attention to important details. You have several years of experience working with enterprise, SaaS, or security technologies. You have a passion for building SaaS products and want to solve the problems of performance, security, and reliability of the Internet.   

4 years of product management or equivalent experience with demonstrated ability to discover opportunities, and then define and deliver products.
Exceptional communication, presentation, organizational, and analytical skills.
Demonstrated ability to lead, drive consensus, and deliver in a matrix organization with multiple stakeholders.
Must be able to define and manage complex process andor product issues of a broad scope using independent judgment.
Experience balancing execution, agility, and culture at a fast growing business.
Strong technical abilities. You are intimately familiar with modern software development practices used to build and deploy applications and data systems. Youve preferably been working full time on a software delivery team.
Deep customer and stakeholder empathy. You must be not only the voice of the customer, but at various times the voice of marketing, finance, engineering, support and ops. You must be able to channel many points of view.
Experience working with data analysis at scale. An understanding of how to make big data small.

Bonus Points

Scriptingprogramming experience (Python, Go, etc.) and familiarity with data analysis tools (eg SQL, pandas).
Theoretical and practical knowledge of how the Internet works at layers 1 through 7.
Experience in building or operating large-scale IP networks. Specific expertise in BGP and DNS a plus.
Hands-on experience with tools used for interacting with, debugging, and testing networks and applications (e.g. curl, dig, mtr, iperf, Wireshark, etc.)
Ability to validate early ideas through quantitative and qualitative methods (AB and multivariate testing, user testing, etc). 
Scriptingprogramming experience 
A solid understanding of RESTful API design  documentation.
Experience developing pricing for new enterprise SaaS products.
Capacity planning, cost modeling, and operations research experience.

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 140,000 - 172,000.
For New York City-based and California (excluding Bay Area) and Washington D.C. hires: Estimated annual salary of 158,00 - 193,000.
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 166,000 - 202,000.

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.