About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Do you love solving complex problems and interacting with people? Are you passionate about helping customers and are a standout colleague? Cloudflare is seeking a Technical Customer Support Engineer to join our team. You will work with our customers on a variety of technical support issues as well as the Technical Operations team that is responsible for running our global distributed network. This is a position where you will learn the inner workings of Cloudflares technology and gain a deeper understanding of internet technologies. You will focus on providing support on our CDN and Developer products: Cache, Workers, Rules, R2, Pages, etc..
Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

You have previous experience working as part of a team in a customer-facing role


You have experience solving HTTP, DNS and other networking-related problems


You understand how the Internet works


You have experience working in a support role where you thrived every time you resolved a ticket


You are comfortable communicating through various support channels and always put the customer first


You have experience building applications or websites, or experience reviewing code


You are a motivated self-starter and always looking to expand your existing skillset

Bonus Points

You are fluent in German, Japanese, French, Spanish, Portuguese or Mandarin


You are familiar with Cloudflare and have a site actively using our platform


You have a solid grasp of problem-solving with command line tools (curldigtraceroutetcpdump)


You are familiar with Nginx, Apache, IIS or any other web servers


You are committed to gaining a deeper understanding of the following technologies: DNS   CDN - Cache  SSL  Cloudflare Workers


You are familiar with Cloudflare and have a site actively using our platform


You have worked with PostgreSQL, MySQL, MS SQL or other database servers


You have experience with Cloudflare Workers or JavaScript 


You have experience with version control and CICD (Git, SVN, GitHub, Bitbucket, TeamCity, etc..) 


You have experience with Video encoding and streaming solutions

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.