About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About Us
At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers trillions of requests per month. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare have all web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer and named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list.
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!  
About the Department
Customer Success Managers, Account Executives, Business Development Representatives, Solution Engineers, and Sales Operations - all working together to help our customers adopt Cloudflare and create great Internet-enabled experiences.
The sales team at Cloudflare helps customers solve real, technical problems while creating the revenue streams that help the company provide free service to millions in our community.
What youll do
You will be a manager of managers, leading a team of highly capable Customer Success Managers and Customer Success Engineers in our ScaledDigital segment. You will set the strategy in recruiting, hiring, training, mentoring and developing new team members in the Americas. You will drive customer value realization, carry the retention goal for the entire team, and play a major part in the expansion goal for customers as well. We believe that putting our people first, and fostering a creative, exciting, and stimulating environment is prerequisite to achieving and surpassing our commercial goals.
Youll be expected to meet and exceed the team quota for renewals and expansion and deliver on quarterly MBOs. Youll do this while tracking, analyzing and communicating key metrics and business trends as they relate to the global Customer Success strategy. This is a cross functional role, working closely with Sales, Product, Network Infrastructure, Customer Support and other teams to close the feedback loop on customer and and the scaled team needs. Your past experience working with scaled CS teams will be critical to the role as we look to expand and mature our best practices across the organization.
Additional responsibilities will include:

Help evolve our scaleddigital customer success strategy, bringing in industry best practices and aligning with our global strategy
Continue to refine and implement scalable processes leveraging Gainsight
Develop and measure KPIs specific to the scaled segment, with an emphasis on CSAT and team efficiency
Regularly report on progress to CS leadership and across the broader sales organization
Work closely with sales leadership to educate on what were doing and collaborate on shared customer challenges
Map hiring plan to sales team expansion and ongoing customer needs.  
Develop and implement best practices for identifying and mitigating risk in customer accounts at scale
Participate in setting goals for the region as part of the global Success teams and companys goals and strategy
Articulate, advocate for, and present on the teams relative performance and needs to meet goals
Deliver operational excellence and enhanced processes to deliver on metrics established for the team (key metrics include Adoption, Expansion, Retention, CSATNPS, and Reference-ability, etc.)

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

10 years of customer successaccount management experience.
7 years in a CS or customer facing leadership role, with at least 2 years in the DigitalScaled CS space preferred.
Experience in the industry or prior roles in a highly technical company is desirable.
Passion for people - history of developing, mentoring, training and upleveling skills.
Proven track record of meeting and exceeding quota.
Proven ability to manage a large, scaled book of business
Experience with Salesforce, Gainsight
Ability to develop working relationships at all levels of management, both inside and outside Cloudflare.
Possess top-notch organizational and analytical skills, especially with Salesforce knowledge.
Excellent written and spoken communication.
Bachelors degree, MBA or equivalent experience strongly preferred.

Compensation
Compensation may be adjusted depending on work location.

For Colorado-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 225,000 - 275,000
For New York City, Washington, and California (excluding Bay Area) based hires: Estimated annual salary of 236,000 - 288,000
For Bay Area-based hires: Estimated annual salary of 261,000 - 319,000

Equity
This role is eligible to participate in Cloudflares equity plan.
Benefits
Cloudflare offers a complete package of benefits and programs to support you and your family.  Our benefits programs can help you pay health care expenses, support caregiving, build capital for the future and make life a little easier and fun!  The below is a description of our benefits for employees in the United States, and benefits may vary for employees based outside the U.S.
Health  Welfare Benefits

MedicalRx Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Commuter Spending Accounts
Fertility  Family Forming Benefits
On-demand mental health support and Employee Assistance Program
Global Travel Medical Insurance

Financial Benefits

Short and Long Term Disability Insurance
Life  Accident Insurance
401(k) Retirement Savings Plan
Employee Stock Participation Plan

Time Off

Flexible paid time off covering vacation and sick leave
Leave programs, including parental, pregnancy health, medical, and bereavement leave

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.