About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
What were looking for:
We are looking for a driven, detailed, and organized professional that can help us improve operational excellence with our sales process, and systems. In this role, you will have the opportunity to directly impact productivity of our sales team by driving the implementation of new system functionality and enhancements. The ideal candidate will have experience working as a business analyst, business system analyst, product manager, sales operations leader, or other role managing salesforce and related technologies in a high-growth company. This is your opportunity to join a growing, fast-paced, and market-leading cloud security company that is poised to be one of the iconic brands of the decade. If you are interested in building your career with a high-growth company, while being given the responsibility and challenge to have a real impact on our companys success, then this is the opportunity for you.
About the Role
Stakeholder alignment:

Established business partner for stakeholder groups. Defines stakeholder engagement process that fosters alignment between the stakeholders needs and project backlog.
Facilitates conflict resolution with decision-makers by providing full analysis of options, pros and cons and a documented log of the decisions.

Project Engagement:

Drives effective discovery sessions to capture as-is and to-be process flows in a consistent and reusable format. Requires minimal time from stakeholders to capture explicit and implicit steps. Identifies and raises process gaps or deviations across sub-groups. Uses critical thinking to propose alternatives when appropriate.
Writes user stories that enable IT to scope a solution with minimal unknowns and assumptions. Works collaboratively with team members to ensure proposed solutions will meet business requirements. Knows when to pull in additional resources into stakeholder discussions (complex or high risk requests, not just because a stakeholder requested it). Facilitates productive conversations about alternatives.
Supports and sometimes lead key meetings to run system demos, user acceptance testing, and end user training
Leverages deep understanding of stakeholder groups responsibilities and needs to advise on to-be state.
Ensure the relevant parts of the business are ready for each release that impacts them. Lead andor organize necessary meetings to deliver system demos, perform user acceptance testing, and end user training.

Functional Expertise:

Uses a strong familiarity of the core system capabilities, core sales process, and our roadmaps to identify conflicts or requirement overlaps with adjacent domains. Knows when to dig deeper and knows the questions to ask to get to the details that our platforms and systems teams need to solutionbuild.
Deep familiarity of core systemsprocess and all related system capabilities leveraged by stakeholders. Anticipate and resolve conflicts. Minimal need for back-and-forth churn between stakeholders and builders

Prioritization:

Trusted advisor to stack rank priorities that reflect the stakeholder groups needs.
Backlog owner for each stakeholder groups user stories, ensuring questions from builders are answered and user stories are ready prior to sprint planning.

Testing:

Collaborate with developers to test and verify that the solution meets the business requirements. Writes test scripts and executes testing
Outlines testing plans to enable designated testing resources to conduct testing with minimal clarifications

Documentation:

Maintains an up-to-date process flow repository for each supported stakeholder group, expediting as-isto-be gap analysis efforts.
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.