About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the Department
Because of the scope, complexity, and diversity of the companys work, we need a world-class legal team to help the company avoid distractions, and guide company leadership around obstacles.  Our legal team is made up of very accomplished lawyers and staff who comprise a flexible, talented, and very cohesive team. 
About the Position: CONTRACT MANAGER
In this role, youll work closely with Cloudflares commercial transactions team.  You will also collaborate and work cross-functionally with other internal groups across the sales, marketing, infrastructure, finance, and partnerships teams.  The position is based in Germany and frequent communication with our other EMEA and global offices will be required.
What Youll Be Doing

Review, draft, redline, and negotiate a variety of sales-related agreements, NDAs, order forms, amendments, and statements of work.
Serve as first point of contact to internal business units to answer contract-related inquiries and escalate as appropriate to senior legal colleagues
Manage and assign incoming contracts for review to legal colleagues
Manage contract lifecycles from providing forms through contract execution and maintenance
Maintain our document management system
Maintain a library of form documents, contract clauses, templates, and historical documents, and add or revise material as needed
Assist legal operations manager with implementing and executing improvements to make commercial contracting processes, tools, and systems more efficient

Requirements       

The ability to meet the needs of a high-growth, fast-paced Internet company.
Bachelors Degree (or equivalent work experience)
Experience in reviewing and negotiating a variety of sales-related agreements, NDAs, order forms, amendments, and statements of work under the supervision of lawyers. 
Minimum 1 year of progressive responsibility with quantifiable results in contract managements andor administration
Strong attention to detail and great organizational skills.
Resourceful self-starter with excellent problem-solving capabilities, judgment, negotiation, communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills
Proven ability to manage high-volume workloads, multiple stakeholder demands and ever-shifting priorities all while instilling confidence
Ability to operate autonomously while being a team player who brings a positive attitude to the workplace
Full professional proficiency in German and English with excellent communication and interpersonal skills

Bonus Points  

Masters Degree (Wirtschaftsjurist)
Experience in a legal setting (law firm or in-house)
Experience using administrative management systems such as Salesforce, Apttus, Docusign, Ironclad andor JIRA

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.