About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Please note: This role will require you to be based in Mumbai.We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced solutions engineer to work with our top tier customers and become their Trusted Advisor for their security and business goals. The successful applicant will have a track record of working with big enterprise organisations in driving business and technical outcomes through technology solutions, with experience in engaging at the C-level with Business and Technology stakeholders.Responsibilities:

Land an end-to-end value prop for Web Security  Performance that spans the breadth of Cloudflare Product offerings.
Empower customers in their Security adoption journey, helping them to define a Secure strategy, Architecture of necessary security controls aligned with Cloudflare Security and Performance product suites
You will work closely with Account Executives to educate your prospective customers on how they can obtain success on the Cloudflare platform
Apply technical knowledge to architect security solutions that meet business, IT, Regulation and Compliance needs, infusing key security technologies where appropriate.
Be a Voice of Customer to share insights and best practices, connect with Global Engineering and Product teams at Cloudflare to remove blockers and influence the roadmap.
Maintain long-term trusted adviser relationships with the peers at your customers and work hand-in-hand with the Customer Success team to ensure your customers are delighted with Cloudflare offerings.

Key Skills:

Relationship Building. Proven track record of building deep technical relationships with senior security executives in large or highly strategic accounts. Experience in managing various stakeholder relationships to get consensus on security solutionsprojects.
Problem Solving. Ability to solve customer security, compliance, and data protection problems through Cloudflares technology stack . Acknowledged for driving decisions collaboratively, resolving conflicts and ensuring follow through with exceptional verbal and written communication skills. Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort with both large and small audiences (Senior Executives, Security teams, Security admins, DevSecOps, Cloud Security architect teams).
Customer Focus. Customer obsessed leader with an I will get it done approach to solving customer challenges.
Value Realization. Ability to understand customer business objectives and outcomes and the ability to quickly leverage tech solutions to accomplish those outcomes.
Trusted Technical Advisor. Ability to build strong relationships with senior security stakeholders and quickly build credibility and be viewed as a trusted advisor.

Technical Skills:

Understanding of how the internet works. For example: Know the differences between TCP  UDP, and understand what kinds of applications may favor one over the other;
Can explain the difference between authoritative DNS  recursive DNS;
Understand the role of a firewall, why TLS (SSL) plays an increasingly important role on todays Internet, a solid understanding of HTTP and a willingness to dive deeper into the quirks of clients  servers alike
Understanding of how customers make buying decisions, how to explain ROI.

Bonus!


Minimum 10 years experience in a pre-sales SE or consulting role;
Demonstrated experience with a scripting language (e.g. Python, JavaScript, Bash) and a desire to expand those skills;
Youve built a web application before, or contributed to an existing application in a meaningful way;
You can describe the differences between CSRF, XSS and SQLi in detail and Cloudflares role in defending against them;
Understanding of, or experience with, regulatory requirements such a PCI DSS, HIPAA, and SOC-2;

What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.