About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Public Policy at Cloudflare
Cloudflare is one of the most dynamic and innovative companies providing services on the Internet. Regulation of the Internet is exploding -- across a number of subject areas and jurisdictions -- at a rate previously unseen in the history of the Internet. Were looking for a new team member who can help foster and promote our corporate philosophy and approach, in which the security and privacy of our customers are paramount. 
What Youll Do  
We are looking for an exceptionally talented and energetic person to join our Public Policy team in Singapore or Kuala Lumpur. With a focus on Malaysia but able to jump into issues across the Asia Pacific, China and Japan (APJC) region as needed, were looking for someone who can foster our unique corporate philosophy, develop public policy solutions to challenging technology issues and be comfortable giving front line support on issues requiring engagement. 
You will work on some of the most complicated and rapidly evolving policy issues, such as cybersecurity, privacy, intermediate liability, law enforcement access to data, content moderation, and copyright abuse. The perfect candidate is also passionate about Trust  Safety topics such as phishing, malware, botnets, and child safety. Youll help us develop and communicate real-world solutions to addressing these challenges. 
This person has a deep understanding of technology as well as regulatory environments. The ideal candidate can seamlessly go from a technical conversation with engineers to a high-level discussion with law enforcement agents and policymakers regarding where Cloudflare fits in the Internet stack. This person should be an expert at presenting technical topics at a level any audience will be able to understand.
Because of the scope, complexity, and diversity of the companys work, our Public Policy team members must be flexible, talented and able to work collaboratively across multi-functional teams to find and present policy solutions, to carry the Cloudflare narrative, and promote the public policy brand externally. 
This role is ideal for an experienced and energetic team player who is proactive, a strategic thinker, a skilled communicator and above all else, someone who has a thirst for knowledge and continued growth, all while working as part of a great team.    
This role has non-standard working hours.
This role will report to the APJC Head of Public Policy.
Responsibilities
This role will lead Cloudflares government advocacy and outreach in Malaysia and support the APJC public policy team when needed. Specific areas of responsibility include:

Monitor and evaluate policy conversations, legislative developments and government requests, and work to understand the impact on Cloudflare and its customers and develop strategies in response.
Engage with trade associations, industry partners, non-profit groups and law enforcement and others to educate stakeholders on Cloudflares position on public policy and trust and safety issues.
Develop talking points, policy narratives and presentation materials for use at external events and meetings and for other communication purposes (company blog, position papers, etc.).
Coordinate with cross-functional teams to address government and law enforcement requests and user complaints, as appropriate.
Provide timely updates to colleagues from the Cloudflare Public Policy, Legal, Trust  Safety Teams and other internal stakeholders.

Minimum Qualification

Bachelors degree or equivalent.
Minimum 8 years of related experience in public policy, trade associations, government andor law enforcement. 
Familiarity with the Malaysia policy and legal system, including government and civil society stakeholders, laws and regulations related to technology companies. 
Fluency in both English and Malay. 
Strong communications (written and oral) and interpersonal skills.
Team player, with a sense of humor.
Detail oriented, well organized and a sense of initiative.
An ambitious mindset that enables you to successfully work independently with little guidance, but also to use good judgment and escalate  call out issues when needed.
Flexibility and willingness to jump into issues and regions that are not as familiar. 
Willingness to travel within the region and occasionally outside the region.

Preferred Qualification

Experience in reviewing, processing, and tracking legal documents (e.g., civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders, and search warrants).
Relevant experience in other APJC regions.
Fluency in another APJC language. 
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.