About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
The Infrastructure department at Cloudflare handles all our data centers and network interconnections around the world, from research and development of our servers, to planning network capacity expansions, to getting our equipment anywhere in the world that its needed, to executing new deployments and data center expansions.
The Infrastructure Planning  Capacity Engineering team is part of Cloudflares global Infrastructure (INF) team. The team is the central decision making center responsible to scale Cloudflares Infrastructure, Edge and Core. The team delivers the required speed and plan accuracy to scale seamlessly and efficiently by alleviating all potential bottlenecks.
What youll do

Identify bottlenecks and recommend optimizations for service owners to improve capacity utilization of applications
Identify and institute new planning verticals
Develop simulation models and tools which analyze multi level constraints (data center space and power, budget, lead time constraints)
Collaborate with application owners and product managers to understand capacity requirements, software optimization initiatives, and generate shortlong term capacity demand forecasts
Data ModelingBusiness Intelligence
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing capacity planning infrastructure for greater scalability
Design, develop and scale user friendly systems, reports and dashboards which support capacity planning
Create monitoring and reporting tools for capacity related analysis
Build ROI models which help leadership teams prioritize and manage risk across new product initiatives, reliabilityefficiency projects and existing applicationsfeatures

Examples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience

Strong expertise in Microsoft Excel
PLSQL server development experience
Experience with object-orientedobject function scripting languages: Python, Java, C, Scala
Degree in Operations Research, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, MIS or closely related field
Minimum 3 years relevant work experience as a Capacity Planner, Supply Chain Analyst, Business Analyst, BI Engineer or Data Scientist
Demonstrated ability and experience to influence, develop productive working relationships, and lead technical teams and key stakeholders from different business functions
A diverse technical acumen--actively contribute to technical discussions, proactively identify challenges and risks, working closely with engineers and product manager on addressing challenges, and form mitigation plans
Excellent interpersonal, presentation and communication skills. Effective problem-solving skills
Exercise technical judgment to keep goals for programs, projects and products attainable within a given timeline
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.