About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Description
We are looking for a leader with prior experience in Technical Account Management and value-added support services. The ideal candidate will lead a team of Technical Account Managers, who are responsible for managing the service delivery experience of our Premium customers. Partnering with the Head of TAM Services to drive the development and execution of a Global TAM strategy, ensuring an exceptional service experience that is metrics-driven and solution-oriented. You will be responsible for managing, mentoring, and coaching team members, while also overseeing career development planning and guidance. Additionally, you will play a pivotal role in hiring, onboarding, and training new team members. Your role will require effective cross-team communication between Support, ProductEngineering, and Sales, fostering collaboration among Support managers and teams. Furthermore, you will closely collaborate with Account Management Teams, such as Solution Consulting, Account Executives, Professional Services, and Partners, to guarantee a seamless customer experience.
Responsibilities

Collaborate with the Head of TAM Services to develop and execute the Global TAM strategy.
 Maintain a metrics-driven and solution-oriented approach to deliver a world-class service experience.
Lead, mentor, and coach team members to achieve their full potential.
Provide guidance for career development within the team.
Handle the recruitment, onboarding, and training of new team members.
Foster cross-team communication between Support, ProductEngineering, and Sales.
Promote team collaboration with other Support managers and teams.
Partner closely with Account Management Teams to ensure a seamless customer experience.
Facilitate the implementation of new processes to enhance customer support.
Cultivate and strengthen the collaborative culture within Cloudflare Support.
Address critical customer escalations and manage stakeholder expectations, providing senior management with resolution plans.
Collect and analyze support metrics to drive continuous improvements.
Ensure proactive and high-quality ticket and incident management.
Responsible for weekly reporting, including team metrics, customer trends, issues, and requests.
Contact customers proactively to ensure the highest level of service satisfaction and develop and implement a corrective action plan, to avoid potential churn

Requirements

5 to 8 years of technical leadership experience, preferably in SaaS or NetworkGeneral Cyber Security.
Previous experience leading a regionally distributed team connected to a 247 Follow-the-sun service delivery model.
Experience in scaling and operationalizing newexisting TAM offerings for large enterprise customers.
Prior experience with paid support services, including observability (SecurityNetwork Operations Center).
Direct experience in the hiring process, including candidate review, interviewing, and collaborative decision-making.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Excellent problem-solving abilities.
Enthusiasm for working directly with customers.
A proven track record of building and leading world-class Technical Support teams, ideally in an infrastructure, platform, or SaaS business.
Passion for creating and promoting best support practices.
Willingness to be available during weekends and holidays as needed.

 What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.