About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
About the department
Cloudflare runs one of the largest DNS infrastructures in the world. We run DNS for over 25 million Internet properties globally.  We also operate the privacy and performance focused public DNS resolver 1.1.1.1 service. Many of our DNS systems are custom built internally, so weve developed a lot of proprietary technology that operates at scale, and we are iterating constantly to meet new scaling and reliability requirements.
In this role, you will be part of a small elite team that builds and maintains one of the core Cloudflare systems. You will maintain and expand our DNS infrastructure and implement features for our customers. We like to think outside the box and come up with novel approaches.
Job description

You will be required to research and implement various DNS RFCs
As part of the job you will be researching new tools and  technologies to  elegantly and efficiently solve problems
You will be responsible for creating and maintaining documentation on software installations, tools, and procedures
You will be working mainly with systems programming languages like Rust, Golang, C, C etc
You are expected to be versed in TCPIP and Internet routing
You will be involved in designing and operating highly scalable distributed systems that power Cloudflare products
You will participate in open source projects that benefit the internet community

Bonus Points

Open source contributions is a big bonus
Knowledge of DNSSEC and various security extensions to DNS
Knowledge of HTTP, TLS and CDN Networks
Knowledge of building Data Analytics pipeline
Experience building Distributed Systems
Experience with large scale Monitoring Systems including metric collection, metric pipeline, visualization, trendstatistical analysis etc
Good communicator, we work with many other groups and like to tell others about what we do in blogs, talks, and meetups
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.