About Us

At Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the worlds largest networks that powers approximately 25 million Internet properties, for customers ranging from individual bloggers to SMBs to Fortune 500 companies. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare all have web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was named to Entrepreneur Magazines Top Company Cultures list and ranked among the Worlds Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company. 
We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us! 
Business Development Representative (Sales Development) based in Lisbon
Are you looking for a new challenge or an opportunity to kick start your career in B2B Sales?
After your virtual on-boarding and training you will be responsible to work hand in hand with our Sales and Marketing teams, qualifying leads and creating excellent customer experiences. You will learn customer-centric sales skills, become an expert in Cloudflares product and take the opportunity to progress your Sales career after 18 to 24 month into other roles across the organisation, such as mid-market sales, customer success, solutions engineering, and sales operations. 
Day in the Life of a Business Development Representative at Cloudflare:

Own and operate your individual sales pipeline
Focus primarily on inbound sales, while handling marketing-generated leads
Work cross-functionally with stakeholders (account executives, marketing, sales operations, fellow BDRs)
Help lead BDR team-wide campaigns (were a collaborative group)
Identify target accounts with strategic timing and strong use cases
Write emails and letters youd love to open; make calls youd love to receive; handle chat in a speedy but friendly manner; ask compelling questions
Meet target quota related to the number of qualified opportunities, the value of sales pipeline, and revenue
Report, track, and manage sales activities and results using SFDC
Play an active role in the creation and iteration of team processes

Examples of requireddesirable skills, knowledge and experience

Must be native or fluent in English and German
Self-motivated; entrepreneurial spirit
Comfortable working in a fast-paced dynamic environment
Strong interpersonal communication skills (verbal  written)
Aptitude to learn technical conceptsterms and the internet security market
Ability to manage multiple tasksprojects simultaneously
Empathy and curiosity
What Makes Cloudflare Special?
Were not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. Were a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.
Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflares enterprise customers--at no cost.
Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.
Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.
1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Heres the deal - we dont store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy commitment and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.
Sound like something youd like to be a part of? Wed love to hear from you!
This position may require access to information protected under U.S. export control laws, including the U.S. Export Administration Regulations. Please note that any offer of employment may be conditioned on your authorization to receive software or technology controlled under these U.S. export laws without sponsorship for an export license.
Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness.  All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other persons, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AAVeteransDisabled Employer.
Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities.  Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.  If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hrcloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.