COMPANY PROFILE
Code.org is a nonprofit dedicated to expanding access to computer science in K-12 schools and increasing participation by young women and students from other underrepresented groups. Our vision is that every student in every school has the opportunity to learn computer science as part K-12. The leading provider of K-12 computer science solutions in the largest school districts in the United States, Code.org also created the annual Hour of Code campaign, which has engaged more than 15 of all students in the world!JOB SUMMARY 
The People Business Partner is designed to provide strong business partnerships to our teammates. In conjunction with the other team members on the People  Culture team, you will operate as an internal consultant delivering services in daily pursuit of Code.orgs vision, mission, and goals.
You will play a critical role in implementing programs and plans that support and develop our team and infrastructure. Youll coach managers on how to better manage their employees. You will help our team perform at their best, and support Code.org by reinforcing and strengthening the companys values, processes, and practices.
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
In this role you will:

Work on a small but mighty People  Culture team with a seat at the table and a chance to make a big impact.
Act as an advocate, trusted advisory, and strategic partner for employees, managers, and leaders across the company.
Coach and empower managers to be able to own and navigate critical People programs and processes such as onboarding, employee relations, compensation, and people development.
Youll be assessing, examining findings, proposing solutions, and iterating solutions for any people-related issues.
Work closely with management and employees to improve work relationships, build morale, and increase productivity and retention. Ensuring a continuous feedback loop and contributing to the People  Culture team hive-mind.
Manage and resolve complex employee relations issues. Conduct effective, thorough, and objective investigations and proposing next steps and solutions.
Support hiring managers in assessing their current team and understanding which roles to hire for.
Lead our bi-annual performance management process, including owning the communications plan, staff and manager training  calibration processes.
Lead our bi-weekly manager meeting.
Partnering with our social event planning committee and Affinity Group Leads.
Own internal People  Culture newsletter, and support external company branding (ie Glassdoor)
Support manager with company communications (i.e. Ask-Me-Anythings, All Staff announcements, Slackemail announcements, etc.).
Additional work as assigned by VP of PC

Examples

Supporting manager with company communication drafts, including acknowledgments of external eventsnews that impact our team
Support managers in recommending starting pay salaries for new hires and promotions, crafting PIPs and transitioning out team members as appropriate
Feedback loop ownership: office hours, exit interviews, regularly meeting with key stakeholders and any new ones you create

EXPERIENCE  QUALIFICATIONS
We seek candidates who have:

Bachelors Degree 
3 years of HRBP experience and 8 years of HR experience 
Working knowledge of multiple human resource subject areas, including compensation practices, organizational diagnosis, employee relations, diversityequityinclusion best practices, performance management, and federal and state respective employment laws
Proven work experience as a PeopleHR Business Partner in a fast-paced environment
Demonstrable track record establishing relationships and acting as a trusted advisor to business leaders
Demonstrated knowledge and experience in various PeopleHR functional areas
A hands-on, innovative, and forward-thinking approach to the People function and overall company culture
Strong problem-solving, criticalanalytical thinking abilities
Outstanding interpersonal and influencing skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Proven ability to take initiative  work independently
The ability to acquire a thorough understanding of the organizations hierarchy, jobs, qualifications, compensation practices, and administrative practices related to those factors
Excellent time management skills with a proven ability to meet deadlines

In addition, candidates must:

Be a U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident
Pass a pre-employment background check
Be willing to travel a minimum of two times per year for team events 

 
WHAT IS THE INTERVIEW PROCESS LIKE?
Step 1: Informational Interview - learn more about the role and share your experience (45 minutes)Step 2: Take Home Assignment (3 hours)Step 3: Interviews with several members of the Code.org team (4 hours)Step 4: Final Interview (1 hour)Step 5: Reference Checks 
All interviews are currently being conducted virtually via Zoom
TO APPLY
The priority application date for this role is November 15, 2023 and preference will be given to applications submitted by this date. Our team will review all applications and if we believe your qualifications would make a great fit, well contact you to schedule an informational interview.
COMPENSATION  BENEFITS PACKAGE
The expected salary range for this position is 99,000 - 110,000. The actual offer will be at the companys sole discretion and determined by relevant business considerations, including the final candidates qualifications, years of experience, and skillset.We also offer a comprehensive benefits package for full-time employees that includes:

Technology subsidy consistent with our Bring Your Own Device environment 
Flexible, engaging, and remote working environment
Paid time off: 3 weeks vacation annually, sick leave, and winter break office closure the two weeks that include Christmas and New Years
Medical, dental and vision premiums paid at 100 for FT positions and their dependents
Option to participate in 403b retirement plan
Annual professional development stipend 
The opportunity to help students learn better and change the face of computer science

Additionally, in order to safeguard the health of our employees and their families, we require that all Code.org full-time employees be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. We define fully vaccinated as either both doses of the Pfizer or Moderna vaccines or the single dose of the Johnson  Johnson vaccine and take medical and sincerely held religious exemptions into consideration.
A unifying approach in a divided world
Code.orgs global role in the K-12 computer science movement is only possible because we use a unifying approach across diverse and often divided stakeholders. At a time of increasing polarization, the idea of increasing opportunity for students unites people from across the political spectrum. Code.orgs team members, students, teachers, and supporters have diverse and diverging view points, and they are all welcome in our mission. Read more. 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.