COMPANY PROFILE
Code.org is a nonprofit dedicated to expanding access to computer science in K-12 schools and increasing participation by young women and students from other underrepresented groups. Our vision is that every student in every school has the opportunity to learn computer science as part K-12. The leading provider of K-12 computer science solutions in the largest school districts in the United States, Code.org also created the annual Hour of Code campaign, which has engaged more than 15 of all students in the world!JOB SUMMARY 
Code.org is a leading voice in the national dialogue on growing access to K-12 computer science education. We are looking for an expert professional with a background in state government affairs andor policy development to lead the transformation of the K-12 US education policy landscape as it relates to computer science!
Our team is working with policymakers and education leaders to advance policy reforms that reduce barriers and boost access to K-12 computer science courses. Weve helped build a movement for K-12 computer science that has changed policies across all 50 states. This is an outstanding opportunity to harness unprecedented bipartisan support for this meaningful issue to craft education policy at the state and local levels.
DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
The primary role of this position is managing existing and developing new relationships with state leaders (state departments of education, state boards of education, legislators, and governors) across multiple states. You will develop an overall strategy for engagement in your states while leading and carrying out the tactics associated with the strategy.
In this role, you will:

Develop and lead campaigns and state-based coalitions in states that you are responsible for
Develop and update policy positions
Speak publicly at events, including testimony before state authorities and interviews with the media
Communicate policy agenda to various audiences (stakeholder groups, legislators, Governors and staff, educators, media, etc.) and tailor messaging for each
Develop relationships with institutions of higher education that are building a K-12 computer science teacher pipeline
Craft, coordinate, and lead policy-related events with policy makers andor partner organizations
Develop and maintain relationships with the computer science community including educators, leaders, corporate partners, and non-profits with shared goals
Build and manage grassroots support for policy-related efforts
Coordinate state and federal policy efforts internally and with partners

EXPERIENCE  QUALIFICATIONS
To be successful in this role, your main experience should be in working directly with legislators and governors education advisors andor with state boards of education and state departments of education. You should have experience with and a solid understanding of the legislative process or policy development process within state education authorities.
We are a non-partisan organization, and the position requires working with representatives from all political parties at the state, local (and possibly federal) levels. You should have a demonstrated ability to work across political parties and ideologies.
We seek candidates who have:

Passion for our mission
At least a Bachelors degree; Masters degree desired
5-8 years of experience in government relationsadvocacypolicy development in education, preferably at the state level
Ability and willingness to travel. You will be managing multiple states and should expect to travel up to 30 of the time.

We prefer candidates who also have:

A Masters degree
Experience in developing K-12 computer science education policy
Background or experience in computer science

In addition, candidates must:

Be a U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident
Pass a pre-employment background check
Be willing to travel a minimum of two times per year for team events 

 
WHAT IS THE INTERVIEW PROCESS LIKE?
Step 1: Informational Interview - learn more about the role and share your experience (30 minutes)Step 2: Homework (3 hours)Step 3: Interviews with several members of the Code.org team ( 3 hours)Step 4: Final Interview (1 hour)Step 5: Reference Checks 
All interviews are currently being conducted virtually via Zoom
 
TO APPLY
The priority application date for this role is August 27, 2023 and preference will be given to applications submitted by this date. Our team will review all applications and if we believe your qualifications would make a great fit, well contact you to schedule an informational interview.
COMPENSATION  BENEFITS PACKAGE
The expected salary range for this position is 97,200.00 - 129,600.00. The actual offer will be at the companys sole discretion and determined by relevant business considerations, including the final candidates qualifications, years of experience, and skillset.We also offer a comprehensive benefits package for full-time employees that includes:

Technology subsidy consistent with our Bring Your Own Device environment 
Flexible, engaging, and remote working environment
Paid time off: 3 weeks vacation annually, sick leave, and winter break office closure the two weeks that include Christmas and New Years
Medical, dental and vision premiums paid at 100 for FT positions and their dependents
Option to participate in 403b retirement plan
Annual professional development stipend 
The opportunity to help students learn better and change the face of computer science

Additionally, in order to safeguard the health of our employees and their families, we require that all Code.org full-time employees be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. We define fully vaccinated as either both doses of the Pfizer or Moderna vaccines or the single dose of the Johnson  Johnson vaccine and take medical and sincerely held religious exemptions into consideration.
A unifying approach in a divided world
Code.orgs global role in the K-12 computer science movement is only possible because we use a unifying approach across diverse and often divided stakeholders. At a time of increasing polarization, the idea of increasing opportunity for students unites people from across the political spectrum. Code.orgs team members, students, teachers, and supporters have diverse and diverging view points, and they are all welcome in our mission. Read more. 
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.