At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The consumer BD partner management team at Coinbase is focused on maximizing the value that Coinbase generates from its partner relationships.  These relationships are critical to the health and growth of Coinbases largest and most important business.  Within the team there is a vertical focus on payments, stablecoin, mobile and growth, and brand, and the role will work closely with the deal leads in each area.  In some cases the deals are first-of-a-kind, and we are learning what works, and in others the deal types are more well-established and the team is focused on optimizing and scaling processes.   Each vertical team works in support of the shared objectives developed by the product org, overseeing successful launches, driving performance and renegotiating terms for existing deals.
Coinbase is seeking a high performing and dynamic individual to focus on stablecoin partnerships as the Senior Associate, Stablecoin Partner Management. This person will manage and grow Coinbases strategic relationships to help accelerate our stablecoin growth and adoption efforts.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Collaborate with deal lead and product teams to understand key terms and transition from deal negotiation phase to implementation and long term management and optimization.
 Work cross functionally with key stakeholders, e.g. finance, legal, compliance,  security, to operationalize partnerships, set business goals and coordinate success metrics.
Maintain healthy and productive relationships with stablecoin partners, establishing shared milestones and KPIs and resolving business, policy and technical issues.
Complete regular business reviews and look for opportunities to improve and grow our partner relationships.
Provide strategic recommendations to stakeholders for expansion opportunities with existing partners that have direct impact on product roadmap and business goals.
Support all elements of the partner management  life cycle:  scoping of opportunities, identifying potential partners,  framing of value, negotiating agreements,  and implementation and optimization.
Negotiate changes to existing agreements in addition to new amendments meant to expand relationship scope.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Proven ability to manage complex projects and partnerships: developing strong relationships with key internal and external stakeholders, communicating clearly, solving problems, holding difficult conversations and driving towards key milestones  outcomes.
Strong attention to detail, analytical skills (quantitative and qualitative), and organizational ability to manage several initiatives at once.
Creativity, resourcefulness and persistence to drive towards outcomes while navigating a dynamic environment.
Identify opportunities to shape and improve the partner management process, share best practices, enhance partner engagement and drive value creation.
5-7 years relevant experience in FintechCryptoPaymentstech business development, strategic partner management, or management consulting.
Youre intellectually curious and think in a structured way

Nice to haves:

Interest in crypto and stablecoins a plus
Direct experience working with  familiarity with major stablecoins such as USDC
Youve been successful in negotiating a broad set of different types of deals

ID: P53100Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 144,500—170,000 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 