At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
As a Software Engineer in Security Engineering, you will be working on building capabilities and solutions for a variety of security use cases. Our team builds and maintains the platforms critical for security, compliance and privacy at Coinbase. You will be working on designing novel services  solutions for blockchain monitoring, dApps monitoring, capabilities to blocklist malicious addresses and verifying integrity of transactions before they are broadcasted on chain. 
We highly value individuals with intellectual curiosity and openness. We collaborate across the organisation, helping our engineers think big and take risks while building a culture of diversity, positive energy, and blameless truth-seeking.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties): 

Build new services to meet critical product and business needs using Python, Golang.
Design scalable systems to solve novel problems with modern cloud technology and industry best practices.
Articulate a long term vision for maintaining and scaling our backend systems and the teams running them.
Work with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our product and technical vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter.
Write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers.
Support operational activities associated with generation and management of digital material

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

You have at least 5 years of experience in software engineering.
Youve designed, built, scaled and maintained production services, and know how to compose a service oriented architecture.
You write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers.
Youre passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together.

Nice to haves:

You have gone through a rapid growth in your company (from startup to mid-size).
You have experience with Blockchain technology (such as Bitcoin, Ethereum etc..)
You have experience decomposing a large monolith into microservices.
Youve worked with Golang, Ruby, Docker, Rails, Postgres, MongoDB or DynamoDB.
Youve built financial, high reliability or security systems.

ID: P83506Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 