At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The Tax Manager, State  Local will be responsible for day to day operations and oversight of the state and local tax function, including income tax, franchise tax, gross receipts tax, sales  use tax, and property tax.  This role will be an integral part of the Coinbase tax operations team and will also work closely with the greater Coinbase Finance team. 
The Coinbase tax operations team ensures that Coinbase complies fully with its tax obligations in all of its global operations, provides for taxes accurately and completely in its financial statements and supports its business operations to ensure an optimal and efficient tax structure.  We are a team passionate about tax and crypto, and looking for an ideal candidate to join our team.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Oversee income tax, sales  use tax, gross receipts tax, franchise tax, premium tax, unclaimed property, and property tax returns and filings.
Manage state  local tax audits and litigation; identify potential state tax risks and develop mitigation strategies.
Help identify opportunities for state tax planningsavings or local incentives.
Oversee multiple state tax audits and provide responses to notices and information requests;evaluate potential audit risks and negotiate settlements with auditors.  
When necessary, collaborate with the broader Coinbase Tax team andor outside counsel on state tax matters not settled at the audit level throughout the protestappeals process and litigation.
Oversee state apportionment and state effective tax rate calculations for quarterly provision calculations; collaborate with the broader Coinbase tax operations team to ensure calculations are appropriately integrated into Coinbases global tax provision. 
Prepare detailed utilization models with respect to the Companys state  local deferred tax attributes.
Work with the Coinbase tax operations team to ensure that material state related tax matters are accounted for correctly during the close process.
Managing the state tax filing calendar to ensure timely and accurate reporting and payments of Coinbases tax position across the multiple jurisdictions.
Execute, maintain and constantly improve Coinbases state tax processes, automation and controls.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

CPA
7 years of relevant tax experience, ideally with a mix at both a Big 4 accounting firm and in industry
Significant experience with the preparation and review of state  local tax returns
Technical tax experience
Excellent speaking and communication skills while working with business teams and explaining tax concepts to both tax and non-tax audiences
Outstanding detail-orientation and process-orientation skills
Collaborative and positive orientation
Willingness to pivot and learn

Nice to haves:

Experience with One Source Tax Provision and Tax Compliance
Crypto industry experience
Law Degree or legal training

Job : P53334Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 161,500—190,000 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 