At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
As an Program Manager Intern, you will be responsible for managing and optimizing operational processes and leveraging technology to significantly boost product adoption, retention and quality to craft exceptional customer experiences. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to streamline operations, improve efficiency and change manage new concepts and processes to a large network effectively. Youll thrive in this role if you enjoy forming relationships and influencing cross-functional teams, analyzing data to produce concrete recommendations, and delivering high quality projects on time.
The ideal candidate will have a customer-centric mindset, a general understanding of customer service, strong project management skills and adaptability to a fast paced environment. Top candidates will have; a natural desire to continually improve customer  agent experiences,  enormous user empathy and can maintain a calm demeanor in high stress situations. People describe our ideal teammateas innovative, creative, data-driven and customer focused. 
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Support program managers in planning, organizing and executing projects and initiatives. 
Collaborate with various cross-functional teams, including (but not limited to) Customer Success, Operations, Product, Tooling, Analytics, Knowledge Management, Training and Workforce Management
Lead deep dives of customer contacts, identify defects and opportunities, and feed those ideas back to operations, program, and product leaders for cross functional solutioning. 
Help streamline program operations and improve processes for agents that benefit our customers.
Assist in creating and maintaining project schedules, timelines and milestones for solutions youve identified. 
Monitor and track project progress, identifying and mitigating risks and issues, and prepare and deliver regular project status reports.
Act with urgency to ensure priority items are progressed through having a bias for action and focusing on the 20 of work that will get 80 of the impact

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Motivated by Coinbases mission and crafting a seamless customer experience for our global customer base, including a deep passion for products within the broader crypto space.
Strong project management skills, with the ability to prioritize tasks and manage multiple projects simultaneously 
Excellent analytical and problem-solving abilities, with a data-driven mindset 
Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams
Highly flexible and adaptable to meeting the evolving needs of a high-growth and fast paced organization 
Ability to work independently and in a remote team environment

Nice to haves:

Degree or currently pursuing a Bachelors degree in Business, Project Management, or a related field.
Previous experience in Tech, Crypto, Finance or Fintech
Advanced understanding of Google Apps, Jira or Salesforce
Familiarity with Lean or Six Sigma methodologies

Position ID: (P53341)Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 30—30 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 