At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
As a member of the Coinbase Vendor Management team, the role of an analyst is critical to ensuring the efficient operations of the Customer Experience (CX) team. The VM team is responsible for managing performance of vendors. The analysts  primary responsibility will be to support the Vendor Management team in establishing and maintaining effective relationships with external vendors and suppliers. You will play a crucial role in ensuring that vendor partnerships align with the organizations goals and contribute to its success.The successful candidate will need to work closely with stakeholders across the organization, be highly analytical, and possess excellent communication skills. By leveraging data and insights, the VM team aims to drive operational efficiencies that enable Coinbase to provide world-class customer service and support.
Note: This role will require you to work the US time shift
What youll be doing (ie. job duties): 

Collaborate with the Vendor Management team to develop and nurture strong relationships with vendors.
Act as a liaison between the organization and vendors, ensuring effective communication and resolution of any issues that may arise.
Assist in monitoring vendor performance by tracking key metrics and service level agreements (SLAs).
Collaborate with internal stakeholders to address any performance gaps and drive continuous improvement.
Contribute to identifying and mitigating risks associated with vendor relationships. Assist in conducting due diligence and risk assessments to ensure vendor compliance with security, privacy, and quality standards.
Assist in collecting and analyzing vendor-related data to generate insights and reports. Help in preparing regular reports for management, highlighting vendor performance, contract compliance, and cost optimization opportunities.
Developing and sustaining long-standing relationships with oldnew vendors.
The vendor management process is not static; it requires ongoing refinement. Analysts actively seek ways to improve vendor management practices, whether by incorporating emerging technologies, implementing automation, or adopting industry best practices.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):  

5 years of experience
Strong organizational and communication skills (Effective written and verbal communication skills.)
Attention to detail and ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously
Analytical mindset with the ability to interpret data and derive actionable insights
Proficiency in GSuite (sheets, docs, forms etc)
Familiarity with contract management and vendor evaluation processes
Understanding of vendor relationship dynamics and negotiation principles
Knowledge of risk management and compliance frameworks is a plus
Ability to work independently and collaboratively within a team
Strong negotiation, management, and decision-making skills.

Nice to haves:

Experience using BI tool such as looker and salesforce
Experience meeting with and presenting information to senior leadership

 
P52359Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 