At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The Coinbase Compliance team plays a pivotal role in safeguarding both our company and our users. As the gatekeepers of our mobile crypto trading app, we ensure that every user is onboarded in adherence with regulatory and compliance standards. The task of onboarding is not just a function—its an assurance that our platform remains trustworthy, and free from potential financial risks. With the evolving landscape of cryptocurrency, having a robust and diligent financial compliance mechanism is imperative. It not only helps in securing our business operations but also in fostering trust with our user base, laying the foundation for sustained growth and continued innovation. This internship will focus on finding opportunities to ensure that processes and procedures are reviewed, analyzed and adjusted to be both efficient and effective for our business objectives. 
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Assisting in onboarding users to our mobile crypto trading app, ensuring all compliance measures are observed.
Conducting enhanced due diligence and Know Your Customer (KYC) checks for potential and existing app users.
Reviewing and assessing the companys current policies and procedures to guarantee they align with financial regulations and best practices in the crypto trading space.
Collaborating closely with the operations team to ensure that the mapping of rules and processes are seamlessly integrated with day-to-day operational procedures.
Providing recommendations for improvements in onboarding and compliance processes based on findings from reviews.
Staying updated with the latest crypto trading regulations and compliance trends to ensure the app remains compliant.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

A strong interest in cryptocurrency and the digital asset industry.
Detail-oriented and analytical mindset; able to spot inconsistencies in procedures and recommend solutions.
Knowledge or coursework in financial compliance, finance, or a related field.
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, and the ability to work effectively in a team.
Proactive, eager to learn, and able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
Familiarity with KYC and due diligence processes in the finance sector.

Nice to haves:

Prior internship or work experience in a financial compliance, legal or fintech role.
Knowledge of crypto trading platforms and the challenges faced in the industry.
Experience business processes tools like visio, lucidcharts, figma
Working knowledge of mobile app platforms and their functionalities.

ID: P53335Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 30—30 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 