At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The mission of the Platform Product Group engineers is to build a trusted, scalable and compliant platform to operate with speed, efficiency and quality. Our teams build and maintain the platforms critical to the existence of Coinbase. There are many teams that make up this group which include Product Foundations (i.e. Identity, Payment, Risk, Proofing  Regulatory, Finhub), Machine Learning, Customer Experience, and Infrastructure.
CET Team in India is focussed on building products  that proactively solves customer problems as they navigate through the various services offered at Coinbase. This team builds solutions that systematically solves and eliminates customer problems by providing industry-first  Self-service capabilities and automated processes that power the Real-time channels through which customers reach out to Coinbase for support. We use Machine Learning, Natural Language Understanding and Natural Language Processing to innovate and more proactively predict the customer interaction patterns and offer personalized customer support. This team also owns the platform, frameworks and tools that defines a customer-first crypto support experience to greatly reduce the resolution times for customer problems.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Implement the multi-year strategy for CET team with the technical leadership on your team
Coach your direct reports to have a positive impact on the organization and chart a fulfilling career path.
Be a thoughtful technical voice and support your team in making diligent architectural decisions.
Collaborate with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter.
Work with our talent organization to source and hire amazing engineers who will expand the Coinbase culture and product.
Add positive energy in every meeting, and make your coworkers feel included in every interaction.
Contribute to owning and delivering processes to drive engineering quality and meet our engineering SLAs.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

At least 10 years of experience in software engineering.
At least 2 years of engineering management experience.
Comfortable managing engineers working across frontend and backend technologies
You have designed, built, and scaled production applications
You know what high quality code — and software engineering processes — look like and know how to foster an environment that creates them.
Youre passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together.

Nice to haves:

Youve built financial, high reliability or security systems.
Youve some exposure to online fraud prevention systems or built them in the past
Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 