At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The Coinbase Customer Experience (CX) organization is on a mission to provide the most trusted and value-added Customer Support in Crypto. Our team is dedicated to eliminating customer pain points, empowering our global user base via self-service and automation, and optimizing customer support interactions to create an effortless experience.  As a Senior Analyst for the Voice of Customer team within CX youll play a key role in helping grow our Voice of Customer Program, effectively building the bridge between our customers and our internal teams to support our company culture of customer focus. This role will serve as a subject matter expert, responsible for delivering insights and creating data-driven narratives to highlight customer pain points. You will be a critical cross-functional partner, supporting mechanisms that enable leaders across the globe to connect to the front line and individual customer experiences on a regular basis. 
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Use quantitative and qualitative data to create compelling problem statements that highlight top customer pain points.
Write and present regular reporting to stakeholders on these pain points and customer experience metrics.
Deep-dive into specific product areas and contact types to perform root cause analysis on customer issues and investigate opportunities for improvement.
Form recommendations for process improvements to strengthen feedback loops between our customers and internal teams. 
Create  maintain dashboards and other tooling to provide self-service VoC capabilities.
Track CX and product improvement efforts to quantify impact and ensure solutions are meeting customer expectations. 

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Motivated by Coinbases mission and creating a seamless experience for our global customer base.
Relevant experience in a customer service andor customer support environment
Rigorous analytical thinker, with an aptitude for distilling complex concepts and systems into clear, simple language.
Comfortable working with structured and unstructured data to create visually appealing and digestible reports and dashboards.
Adept at written communication and visual presentations with an ability to tailor it to a range of audiences.  
Basic understanding of Crypto concepts  Coinbases suite of products and services for Retail customers

Nice to haves:

Degree or currently pursuing a Bachelors degree in Business, Project Management, or a related field.
Previous experience in Tech, Crypto, Finance or Fintech
Working knowledge of customer experiencebusiness intelligence tools such as Looker, Qualtrics, Salesforce, Sprinklr
Experience successfully driving process improvement initiatives

Position ID: P53345Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 30—30 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 