At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Coinbases Customer Experience (CX) organization plays a critical role in achieving our vision. Our team is dedicated to eliminating customer pain points, empowering our global user base via self-service and automation, and optimizing customer support interactions to create an effortless experience. 
As a Compliance Quality Assurance Lead on our Customer Experience team, youll join a high functioning team of passionate QA analysts who review the US escalations cases and ensure that these cases are completed in line with the regulatory and policy requirements. 
What Youll Be Doing (i.e., Job Duties) 

Perform weekly audits on complex Escalations cases, Suspicious Activity Reports and investigations by applying a high degree of autonomy 
Proactively seek opportunities to tackle challenging and impactful assignments.
Assist on 2LoD reviews and provide timely responses to findings
Lead calibrations  office hours supporting other QA analysts
Conduct root cause analysis on thematic issues 
Identify procedural gaps or inconsistencies and provide proposed solutions
Conduct training of new QA and QC joiners along with validating their practice cases 
Collaborate with internal support teams across Data Analytics, Escalations teams, Financial Crime Compliance, and LD to enhance processes and workflows.
Present QA findings, insights, and recommendations persuasively to inspire positive change via weekly metricsdashboards
Provide feedback on drafted procedures regarding areas of opportunity and how the procedures can be enhanced to increase clarity and consistent execution
Support agents in addressing their queries on complex procedural requirements
Undertake highly complex audits that have a substantial impact on Compliance Operations, showing your ability to navigate intricate challenges.
Apply in-depth knowledge of regulatory requirements when reviewing unusual or complex casesscenarios

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): 

4 Years hands-on experience in executing QA, Audit, or as a Financial Crime Investigator
Working knowledge of BSAAML laws, regulations, and rules for financial servicesproducts
ACAMS or equivalent AML qualification
Experience in assisting, developing, and producing metrics and reporting
Strong writtenverbal communication, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills
Highly-motivated, analytical, organized, innovative, and adaptive
Multi-tasking ability, team-oriented, and a self-starter
Proven ability to work collaboratively with global partners in other functional units
Exceptional work ethic and flexibility to work extended hours to meet deadlines, when necessary
Ability to work with limited direction from management when situations occur
Intermediate level in PowerPointGoogle Slides and ExcelGoogle Sheets 

Nice to haves:

Experience at crypto exchanges or in financial services, ideally in payments, trading operations or technical support.
Advanced degree in business, finance or legal 
Advanced understanding of Google apps, JIRA and Salesforce Service Cloud

ID: P53414Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 83,300—98,000 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 