At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Reporting to Coinbases Head of Technical Accounting, you will play a crucial and visible role helping to drive resolution to accounting topics at the frontier of the crypto industry.  The candidate will possess an exceptional knowledge of US GAAP and have a passion for critically applying accounting principles to existing and new business activities. The candidate will combine this with exceptional soft skills necessary to be successful in this role including: being able to manage through ambiguity, executing against tight deadlines, maintaining strong relationships with finance and business partners and able to manage multiple deliverables simultaneously, doing whatever it takes to get the job done.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Maintaining the Companys accounting policies which includes adoption of new accounting standards and updating the Companys accounting policies as disclosed in its financial statements.
Partnering with other members of the accounting team to implement new accounting standards, changes in accounting policies or to operationalize the accounting for new or modified products.
Work closely with business partners to provide technical accounting advice around deal structuring and  consolidation and VIE analysis
Partnering with Product, Legal, Tax, FPA, and other teams to provide expertise in support of new transactions and new or evolving products. Provide input and explanation throughout the process to achieve mutually beneficial outcomes.
Preparing technical accounting analysis related to new transactions and new or evolving products. Work closely with our external auditors on technical accounting matters and bring any accounting analysis to closure in a timely manner.
Drafting original footnote disclosures, MDA, and other public and private communications.
Respond to technical accounting inquiries from external and internal parties and communicate technical accounting matters and concepts to all levels within the organization.
Ensuring the internal controls related to accounting policies are designed, implemented and operating effectively for SOX compliance.
Support management in completing special projects as assigned and be a Technical accounting resource for ad-hoc questions and initiatives.
Assist in coordinating the approval of quarterly and annual financial reports with all relevant parties, including the audit committee, external auditors, and internal and external legal counsel.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Exceptional breadth and depth of knowledge and experience in US GAAP.
Exceptional technical accounting memo writing skills.
Strong technical accounting skills, with deep expertise in SAB 121, derivatives, digital assets, and VIE assessments
Ability to work cross-functionally to obtain all relevant facts, understand the business requirements, articulate the accounting requirements and communicate the conclusions reached.
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.
Exceptional organizational skills, timeline management skills and attention to detail.
A desire to work in a fast growing, exciting and agile business.

Nice to haves:

Crypto forward, either direct work experience or personal interest.
Experience in IFRS.
Experience with Netsuite or other ERPs.

Job : P52564Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 161,500—190,000 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 