At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
We are looking for an experienced Canadian counsel to join our Product Legal team. This position will report into our International Legal branch for Consumer Legal, and will work closely with a number of global cross functional teams in legal, product, commercial and related teams. You will be responsible for senior legal leadership for our growing Canadian crypto business, which will offer a number of retail and institutional products, and be responsible for regulatory responses and initiatives, including licensing and registration, regulator engagement, OC management, and legal advocacy for Coinbase within Canada. We are looking for candidates with prior experience with financially regulated products, particularly securities and derivatives, and prior experience working with national and provincial regulators. In-house experience is a plus. Preference for prior experience andor interest in cryptocurrency markets and custody. 
What youll be doing (i.e., job duties):

Work with business teams on securing required licenses and registrations for our Canadian entity and businesses.
Provide full product life-cycle counseling for a variety of global consumer and institutional  products, and practical advice on associated legal issues and risks, complex agreement structures and company policies in a risk-tolerant, but compliance-oriented environment.
Stay abreast of and advise on digital currency and blockchain technology legal and regulatory issues.
Lead and assist with complex and global cross-functional efforts, driving and ensuring cross-functional alignment with other stakeholders (Local Management, ProductEngineering, Business Development, FinanceTax, Compliance).
Effectively collaborate with those same cross-functional teams and legal colleagues to solve problems, build partnerships, and close deals quickly.
Proactively solve problems for the business as they plan and execute on an aggressive global growth plan,  develop scaled strategies for addressing risk in business-centric ways and build commercial processes that allow the business flexibility and freedom to move quickly.
Operate in a fast paced, demanding environment and quickly adjust to meet leaderships needs.
Recognize priority initiatives and effectively manage your clients and your advice to scale your advice and provide the right level of guidance for the request at hand.
Look around corners and creatively solve problems for the business as they plan, build, and execute their transactional and product roadmap.
Be a business partner, not just an attorney.

What we look for in you (i.e., job requirements):

Currently practicing as an attorney in Canada, with active Canadian bar registration and 7 years of legal experience.  
Interest in digital currency and blockchain technology.
Expertise and experience working with Canadian financial services, securities, and crypto regulators
Experience counseling product teams in launching technology products and have a clear understanding of the legal underpinnings supporting these products.
Experience working and leading with cross-functional, globally located teams.
Familiarity with relevant money transmission laws, travel rules, global banking regulations, securities regulations, client money regimes andor commodities regulations outside of Canada
Experience advising clients on risk mitigation across technology product platforms.
Experience working with and presenting to VP-level leadership.
Comfortable challenging the status quo and preconceived notions of what is possible.
Excellent judgment, analytical rigor, clear communication, and business pragmatism.
Top-notch analytical skills with experience owning projects from concept to finish.
Creativity, comfort and experience with oral solutions that help scale financial services businesses and technology solutions that help scale practices.
Comfort with risk-taking and creative problem-solving. 
Intellectual curiosity and flexibility.
Team-oriented and collaborative.

P53304Pay Transparency Notice: The target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, and vision).Pay Range:196,000—196,000 CADCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 