At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The Internal Audit Function at Coinbase works to enhance and protect organizational value by providing independent, risk-based, objective assurance and advisory services designed to add value and improve the Companys operations. The Internal Audit Function helps Coinbase accomplish its objectives by bringing a systematic, disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of governance, compliance, risk management, and control processes. 
 
The Coinbase Internal Audit function is looking for interns to join the team. Individuals will be able to get hands-on experience supporting SOX, Operational and  or Information Technology and Security audits. These roles are based in the United States (Remote) and will be reporting to an Internal Audit Manager. Each individual will be responsible for learning and supporting all aspects of audits, including planning, testing and report writing. In addition, individuals will support the team with critical audit activities, such as validations of audit and regulatory findings, risk assessments and other audit relevant activities.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Promote new ideas  innovative means of executing projects and internal enhancements focused on process or technology improvements
Facilitate discussions with processcontrols owners in reviewing IAs documentation of relevant processes 
Assess and develop recommendations regarding IA policies and procedures
Assist the IA team with the execution of IT, finance, operational, and compliance audits
Create accurate, logical and detailed work-papers clearly describing the work performed, testing results and conclusions for audit projects
Develop and maintain process documentation
Present findings and recommendations to IA leadership

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Passion for crypto


Mission focused
Willingness to work with a team and engage stakeholders
Quick, inquisitive learner.  Always ready to adapt and learn something new
Self-starter who can run with projects to completion
Problem solving skills and strong attention to detail
Excellent communication (written and verbal), and interpersonal skills.
Highly organized, enthusiastic, and motivated

Nice to haves:

Degree or currently pursuing degree in AccountingFinance, Computer Sciences or Information Security or relevant degree
Understanding of an internal control environment
Knowledge of financebanking concepts
Crypto knowledge
Proficient in Excel and Google Suite including PowerpointSlides
Data Analytics skills

Position ID: (P53328)Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 30—30 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 