At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The CRO will primarily be responsible for the local Risk, Compliance, Legal, Intelligence, IT Security and Finance functions and  administer and execute  the risk management program for the Coinbase UK entity (CBPL) and (2) support broader Coinbase Enterprise Risk Management initiatives. 
The Enterprise Risk Management function is responsible for enabling intelligent-risk taking in support of Coinbases key objectives through simple and easy-to-use risk management practices. We maintain the enterprise risk governance framework and coordinate with stakeholders on strategic initiatives that facilitate the identification, management, and monitoring of risk at Coinbase.
The ideal candidate is a collaborative, detailed oriented, crypto forward leader. 
What youll be doing (ie. job duties): 

Oversee the second line of defense functions of our UK operations, especially Risk, Compliance, Legal, Intelligence, IT Security and Finance.  
Develop, implement, and maintain appropriate risk programs for CBPL in line with all relevant regulatory guidelines. 
Establish and manage risk management and risk control processes including risk assessments of changes, e.g. new products
Establish and oversee the CBPL control environment in coordination with the first-line, Compliance, and other functions
Create, update and maintain risk models as needed and in coordination with respective functions (e.g. Enterprise Risk)
Provide advice to the Head of ERM on international regulatory developments, guidance and best practices concerning risk management and risk programs.
Manage external and internal audits including follow-on works
Support ERM programs and provide input on, and assist in the execution of,  refinements to the ERM Framework and ERM Program  
Coordinate and execute key risk initiatives and cross functional risk projects
Liaise with internal and external stakeholders (e.g., CBPL management, Internal Audit, regulators, external auditors) to ensure appropriate levels of accountability and transparency and oversee the CBPL risk program to ensure alignment with the ERM Framework
Special projects or other ad hoc work as may be needed

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

10 years experience in a risk management, compliance, legal, or finance function
Experience developing and implementing risk management frameworks and programs
In depth knowledge of core risk management principles (e.g, risk governance, 3 lines of defense model), experience with building out risk programs at varying maturity levels
Establish and maintain effective working relationships with business partners, superiors, and subordinates
Strong organization, project and time management skills with ability to plan and prioritize workload; ability to multitask and meet deadlines with quality product
Manage multiple work streams simultaneously while working effectively both as an individual and as part of a team
Strong cryptocurrency knowledge, including industry trends, products, and features

Nice to haves:

Masters Degree preferred
Knowledge and experience with RSA Archer a plus

Job ID: P52328Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 