At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The Infrastructure org supports the systems, services, and tooling at the foundation of Coinbases mission to increase economic freedom. We enable Coinbase engineers to design, develop, and operate services quickly, safely, securely and reliably. Infrastructure teams build and maintain the platforms critical to the existence of Coinbase.
We are seeking an Engineering Manager to support the Routing team within the Infrastructure org. The Routing team is responsible for edge and internal routing for traffic to and between Coinbase services. This role is specific to our edge routing capabilities and will be responsible for building systems that reliably handle high volumes of external traffic and ensuring efficient and secure routing of that traffic.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Build and manage engineering teams, to guide the development of features, services, and infrastructure across both web and mobile.
Coach your direct reports to have a positive impact on the organization and support their career growth.
Collaborate with engineers, designers, product managers, and senior leadership to translate our vision into a tangible roadmap on a quarterly basis. Break down complex projects into smaller pieces and lead the iterative design and implementation process.
Be a thoughtful technical voice within the team, aiding in diligent architectural decisions and fostering a culture of high-quality code and engineering processes. Collaborate with Product and Engineering teams to ensure successful delivery and operation of multi-tenanted, distributed systems at scale.
Work closely with our talent organization to identify and recruit exceptional engineers who align with Coinbases culture and contribute to our products.
Contribute to and take ownership of processes that drive engineering quality and meet our engineering SLAs.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

At least 7 years of experience in software engineering.
At least 2 years of engineering management experience.
Strong understanding and proficiency working with various low-level networking primitives and concepts, such as TCP, HTTP, TLS, and DNS.
Demonstrated experience operating critical, high-traffic infrastructure, including proficiency with monitor (via golden signals and service-specific metrics, logs, and traces), unix network debugging, scaling, and proactively addressing performance and reliability concerns.
An ability to balance long-term strategic thinking with short-term planning.
Experience in creating, delivering, and operating multi-tenanted, distributed systems at scale.
You can be hands-on when needed  whether thats writingreviewing code or technical documents, participating in on-call rotations and leading incidents, or triagingtroubleshooting bugs.
Your passion for building an open financial system that brings the world together drives you to excel in this role.

Nice to haves:

Experience with distributed systems and understanding of concepts such as active-active cluster design.
Technical understanding of X.509 and Public Key Infrastructure
Practical experience with SPIFFESPIRE and  or service mesh (Istio, Linkerd, etc)
Practical experience of HTTP primitives and tooling surrounding it such as CDNs, CORS, CSP, and cache-control.
You have gone through a rapid growth in your company (from 10 to 100s of engineers)
You have experience with Blockchains (such as Bitcoin, Ethereum etc.)
Youve built financial, high reliability or security systems

Job : GEM06NA
 Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 201,450—237,000 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 