At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The IT Operations team owns and supports critical services and applications across Coinbase. This role sits on the IT Product Management team which leads our product strategy for our enterprise wide applications which are used by Coinbase employees around the world. We partner with our IT services and engineering teams to create strategic roadmaps for our applications. 
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Contribute to Strategy  Vision: Actively participate in defining the vision for IT applications, researching and providing insights to align with business objectives.
Requirement Gathering: Engage directly with stakeholders to gather and document requirements for new applications or enhancements.
Assist in Product Roadmapping: Help craft and maintain the IT application roadmap, recommending prioritizations based on preliminary research and feedback.
Project Management Support: Play an active role in the end-to-end lifecycle of IT application projects, ensuring timely delivery and helping maintain quality standards.
Vendor Collaboration: Aid in evaluating third-party vendors and participate in discussions to manage integration processes with external technology providers.
Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate directly with engineers, technical program managers and business systems analysts, contributing insights and feedback to streamline application development.
Track Performance Metrics: Monitor key performance metrics for IT applications, suggesting optimizations and improvements.
Stakeholder Communication: Regularly communicate with relevant stakeholders, presenting updates and fielding initial feedback.
Risk Management: Assist in identifying and documenting potential risks and recommended mitigation strategies.
Continuous Learning: Stay abreast of the latest trends in application development and advocate for best practices within the team.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Initial Experience: Any prior internship or project experience related to IT or software applications is a plus.
Technical Proficiency: Good understanding of application development methodologies (e.g., Agile, Scrum) and tools.
Analytical Skills: Ability to analyze data, understand patterns, and propose insights.
Communication: Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Collaboration: Proven ability to work effectively in a cross-functional team environment.
Problem-Solving: Demonstrated ability to think critically and develop actionable solutions.
Adaptability: Ability to adapt to changes and contribute positively in a dynamic environment.
Stakeholder Management: Experience in managing relationships and setting expectations with team members.

Nice to haves:

Degree or currently pursuing a degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration, or a related field.
1-2 years of experience or internships related to product management, IT, or software applications.
Experience running AB testing and conducting user interviews

Position ID: (P53340)Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 35—35 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 