At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
As a Consumer Support Operations Associate Manager,  you will lead a team of highly motivated customer support professionals whose performance is critical to Coinbase achieving its mission. Using your customer support, operations and team management skills you will play a crucial role ensuring we deliver an outstanding customer experience globally.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties): To be completed by all business teams except Eng.

Develop a team of high performing customer service agents to provide a best in class customer experience across multiple channels.
Act as a trusted point of contact for escalations and high priority issues related to your scope.
Achieve service level agreements and quality metrics for your line of business, at the individual and team level.
Provide leadership and coaching based on industry best methodologies, thoughtful delegation and performance management.
Focus on team growth and enablement through mentorship, career development and employee engagement.
Collaborate with internal support teams across Programs, Tools, Quality and Training to help launch or improve product support workflows.
Utilize an in-depth understanding of metrics to drive data-driven business decisions.
Continuously add value through effective impact analysis, prioritization and efficient execution of projects.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): To be completed by all business teams except Eng. 

Motivated by Coinbases mission and crafting a seamless support experience for our global customer base.
Minimum of 5 years of relevant experience in financial services, technology andor customer support.
3 years of people management experience in an operations environment.
Experience scaling teams across multiple workflows and various channels of support, i.e. voice, email and chat.
Excellent track record of leading deeply engaged and high performing teams and using metrics to make business decisions.
Subject matter expertise and interest in the crypto ecosystem. 
Highly flexible and adaptable to meet the evolving needs of a high-growth, fast paced organization.
Weekend support andor flexible eveningovernight hours may be required.
Commutable distance to Coinbase Taguig City  Metro Manilla office. 
Travel requirements up to 15 to Coinbase offices and vendor locations, based on needs.

Nice to haves:

Experience at crypto exchanges or in financial services, ideally in payments, trading operations or technical support.
Advanced experience in project management, analytics or quality assurance.
Advanced degree in business, finance, customer experience andor blockchain.
Advanced understanding of Google apps, JIRA, Salesforce Service Cloud.

Job Id : P53214Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 