At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
This role is in the Product Marketing team supporting the growth of our Cloud Staking business. You will be responsible for building and driving the GTM strategy for our Cloud validator business, supporting the developer product and sales team. With a deep knowledge of our core audiences and B2B marketing tactics, you will have the opportunity to help and lead marketing pushes in our efforts to expand Coinbases brand in the crypto ecosystem. This role is critical to the success of our growth ambitions. 
What youll be doing (ie. job duties): 

Responsible for the development and execution of a large segment of Coinbases marketing strategy for Coinbase Cloud Staking and other related Coinbase products
Be the voice of the customer and trusted advisor as to how current and future clients needs inform product messaging, brand differentiation, marketing content, and collateral
Develop and lead successful product launches and ongoing marketing campaigns
Partner closely with the sales team to develop compelling marketing collateral including presentations, one-pagers, case studies, webinars, and websites
Work cross-functionally with product, sales, design, communications, support, etc. to build our pipeline and improve conversion rates
Measure and report against the performance of product marketing initiatives
Think big about the future of crypto and how we can bring businesses and developers into the cryptoeconomy more quickly

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): 

Minimum of 5-8 years of Product Marketing in the B2B enterprise space, crypto product marketing or developer marketing experience
Experience working on crypto products and strong knowledge of staking
Powerful storyteller: written, verbal, and visual
Demonstrated track record of creating customer segment oriented campaigns to steer new customer acquisition, deepen engagement  retention
Advanced quantitative and deductive skills. Ability to distinguish between the signal and the noise and make data-guided actions
Outstanding project management skills
Self-starter and ability to be ready to roll-up your sleeves and get things done
Demonstrated ability to collaborate effectively across multiple teams

P53386Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 161,500—190,000 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 