At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The  Design and Research team at Coinbase plays a critical role in executing on our vision to create more economic freedom for the world, and is at the center of execution for products across the entirety of the company. Were building the most secure, trusted, and easiest to use cryptocurrency products for the millions of people just getting started with crypto, as well as long-standing loyal customers with advanced knowledge of the cryptocurrency space. 
As a Senior Product Designer youll contribute to our mission, vision and strategy through a deep understanding of our customer and business needs. You will develop optimal user journeys to help our customers understand how to use cryptocurrency and complete their tasks with ease and confidence. Youll work closely with Product and Engineering and XFN teams to help build simple, easy-to-use experiences that express the Coinbase brand and values. You are a systems thinker and able to create scalable solutions and experience that can enable teams across Coinbase to build products that are easy to use, reliable and secure
What youll be doing (ie. job duties): To be completed by all business teams except Eng.

Work in a small team to iteratively improve user experience
Take new features from ideation, to prototyping, to user testing, to production
Design web and mobile experiences that are simple and intuitive
Partner with our Design Systems team to document and define scalable design patterns
Participate in regular design reviews where youll seek out specific feedback on your designs and incorporate relevant feedback
Execute on the product roadmap and help define product strategy
Daily collaboration with Engineering, User Research, and Product 

 
What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): To be completed by all business teams except Eng. 

5 years of professional Product Design experience
Bachelors degree in a related field
Experience designing consumer-facing experiences for web and mobile
Excellence in UX thinking, visual design, and written communication
Experience working in a collaborative environment with engineers, user researchers, and product teams
Fluency in Figma and prototyping tools
Low ego, collaborative, and open minded
Interest in crypto or financial products

Nice to haves:

User of Coinbase products
User of advanced trading tools
Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 175,100—206,000 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 