At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Data is an integral component of Coinbases growth strategy. We work in partnership with Finance and Product teams to gather financial data from various sources such as platform data, external data, market data and internal Financial systems. We transform raw data into meaningful information, build data models and data pipelines to generate reports and dashboards. We communicate financial insights and analysis to stakeholders, enhance efficiencies for financial processes, financial and management reporting and strategic decision making. We partner with Product and Engineering teams to launch new products and features, among other impactful and exciting projects.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Work with Product and Engineering to drive new initiatives, supporting new product launches fuelling business growth
Collaborate with stakeholders across Accounting, Treasury and other Finance functions, to extract financial data and insights, and provide data driven recommendations to enhance efficiencies for financial processes
Act as a strategic partner to functional teams; design and scope project plans; execute, test and implement data and reporting solutions
Initiate, develop and maintain data pipelines and data models that power dashboards and data products with outstanding craftsmanship
Work with the broader Data and Engineering teams to find ways to scale our platform through better systems and automation
Develop interactive dashboards and visualisations to present financial insights to stakeholders
Partner with peers and stakeholders to define and execute roadmaps that can help the function scale

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

5 years of relevant experience
Self starter, has the ability to multitask, and highly collaborative in working with cross functional teams
Strong Experience with data processing (ETL), fluency in complex SQL and high proficiency with scripting language(preferably Python)
Experience building data pipelines 
Experience using Apache Airflow or similar orchestration systems
Strong understanding of key finance principles, products within Accounting and Treasury domain and eagerness to learn 
Be able to independently create documentation for new data projects and requests, and build collaboration within the team.
Demonstrate our core cultural values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, act like an owner and efficient execution.
Bachelors Degree in Financial Engineering, Computer Science or equivalent practical experience

Nice to haves:

Previous experience working with financial services data is a plus
Previous working experience or knowledge of crypto is a plus
Domain experience in Accounting and Finance areas
Experience with Looker, Tableau or other business intelligence platforms
Be able to proactively manage prioritisation of work
Experience manipulating large amounts of structured and unstructured data
Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 