At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Coinbase is seeking a Senior Business Development Associate who can foster growth in onchain functions, such as Base and Coinbase Wallet, while engaging and inspiring the global onchain developer community. The ideal candidate will build strong relationships with developers, drive strategic integrations, establish commercial partnerships, and connect with key industry players to further our mission of decentralized technology adoption.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Assist in the development, execution, and scaling of integration programs that position Base as a preferred network amongst both developers and users.
Cultivate and nurture strategic partnerships with builders, creators, infrastructure providers, and other relevant industry players.
Negotiate partnership agreements and service contracts, ensuring mutually beneficial terms.
Maintain productive relationships with partners, establishing shared KPIs and resolving business, policy and technical issues.
Provide strategic recommendations for partner expansion opportunities that have direct impact on product roadmap and business goals.
Work cross functionally with key stakeholders, e.g PED, STP, marketing, legal, to optimize builder programs and experiences, prioritizing efficiency and automation.
Establish and manage customer feedback loops to drive continuous improvement in our tools and products.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

An unrelenting passion for crypto and a robust onchain resume.
A results-driven mindset with humility and self-awareness.
Outstanding verbal and written communication skills.
Track record of driving positive partner experiences while properly setting expectations and holding difficult conversations.
Experience managing multiple complex projects across internal and external stakeholders through clear communication, strong analytical skills (qualitative and quantitative), and a constant focus on operational excellence.
Prior experience scaling a product, process, or idea to a developer community.
5 years relevant experience in technology, engineering, financial services, fintech or management consulting.

Nice to haves:

Experience working with emerging products

Job : P53187
Pay Transparency Notice:  Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range from 144500 to 170000  target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 144,500—170,000 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 