At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Coinbase is leading the expansion of digital assets into the financial mainstream. We are building a world-class Policy team to lead Coinbases engagement, advocacy, and outreach efforts with policymakers around the world. In this role, you will be a key member of the Policy team, at a company where disruptive technologies and unconventional thinking are the norm. 
You will have an extraordinary opportunity to be on the leading edge of policy development in the cryptocurrency space, and will play an important role in advancing Coinbases policy strategy in the United States. You will work closely with external partners,  internal business leaders,  and other internal support functions like Legal, Compliance, Comms and Marketing, to ensure alignment of our policy activities and functions. This position is fully remote.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Work on a variety of different projects having to do with U.S. or International Policy, government regulations, thought leadership, and community engagement. 
Draft materials for the Policy team, including short and long-form articles, talking points, social media posts, white papers, and presentation materials.    
Conduct research that reflects the Policy teams priorities and contributes to critical policy outcomes.
Distill and share the Policy teams perspective internally on key issues. 
Provide a support function on key deliverables, including drafting, proofreading, data compilation, and other support functions necessary to accomplish critical policy projects. 
Work within the Policy team and with its cross-functional partners to help manage a number of discrete projects that relate to content creation, stakeholder engagement, government outreach, regulatory affairs, and internal operations. 

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Excellent verbal and written communication skills, detail-oriented, and highly organized.
Strong research and writing skills.
Interest in and knowledge of public policy, including laws, government systems, and financial regulation. 
Self-starter with the ability to learn in a fast-paced environment with minimal supervision
Able to think critically and come up with creative solutions.
Enthusiastic about learning new disciplines, especially as it relates to different areas of public policy (US relations, international policy, thought leadershipengagement, etc). 
Excellent project management skills as necessary to assist various different teams within the Policy group.

Nice to haves:

Degree or currently pursuing undergraduate or graduate degree.
Interest in blockchain technology and cryptocurrency is a plus.
Demonstrated experience involving public policy work is a plus.

Pay Transparency Notice:  The target salary for this position is 40hr. 
ID: P53295Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 40—40 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 