At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The Consumer Product Group engineers strive to make the Coinbase retail app the easiest-to-use and fastest experience for accessing the crypto. In 2023, our goal is to be the 1 self custody wallet measured by MTUs and download share. Wallet is the future of web3 and of Coinbase. Suite of products include: Coinbase app, advance trade, dapps, and staking. 
The Coinbase Wallet Teams mission is to make Coinbase Wallet 1 self custody wallet measured by MTUs and download share. Wallet is the future of web3 focused on providing cutting edge experience enabling users to

Seamlessly store and manage all of your crypto, NFTs, and multiple wallets in one place
Support for hundreds of thousands of tokens and dapps
Explore the decentralized web on your phone or browser
Protect your digital assets with industry-leading security

You will join Coinbase Wallet APEX (Acquisition and App Experience) Team focused on Acquiring users through retail, web and international focused growth efforts and retain them with high quality customer focused app experience.  

Acquisition: Create powerful features enabling upsell integrations with Coinbase Retail. Simultaneously, prioritize international growth by going deep in key countries and broad in other countries. Furthermore, the team will be focused on innovating with an international mindset emphasizing exploration of region specific use-cases.
App Experience: Deliver cutting edge Dapp Browser and Listing UI, Notifications hub and platform, Trusted Customer Council and Product Excellence program and Crypto Education and Help Center promoting Coinbase Crypto University

As Engineering Manager you will own the roadmap, create impact and grow with the team to  raise the top talent bar with us at Coinbase!
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Build and manage a full-stack engineering team and guide the development of features and infrastructure across both web and mobile.
Coach your direct reports to have a positive impact on the organization and chart a fulfilling career path.
Collaborate with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter.
Collaborate with Product and Engineering to break down complex projects into smaller pieces and iterate on their design and implementation.
Be a thoughtful technical voice and support your team in making diligent architectural decisions.
Work with our talent organization to source and hire amazing engineers who will expand the Coinbase culture and product.
Contribute to owning and delivering processes that drive engineering quality and meet our engineering SLAs.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

At least 8 years of experience in software engineering.
At least 2 years of engineering management experience.
You know what high quality code — and software engineering processes — look like and know how to foster an environment that creates them.
Execution focused with an ability to navigate ambiguity.
Ability to do both long term thinking and short term planning.
Experience creating, delivering, and operating multi-tenanted, distributed systems at scale.
Youre passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together
Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 