At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
As Senior Art Director in Coinbases Creative Studio, you are at the forefront of the most dynamic space in creative marketing. The team operates at the intersection of onchain art, culture, community, technology, and finance. Reporting to our Creative Studios Group Creative Director, your remit is to embrace every opportunity to build and foster excitement for Coinbase product launches across a range of areas from advanced trading to institutional investing. Youll be at the center of the action, crafting creative and design solutions for our biggest product launches. Youll be extremely hands-on, leveraging your motion and design skills to prototype your thinking in a work culture that embraces ideas and creativity over decks and consensus.
Youll partner with internal creatives, strategists, creative producers, marketers, and operations leads to develop and deliver industry-leading creative that breaks through and connects deeply with its audience. Your work will help artfully articulate the vision for the future crypto economy, and thoughtfully show how our products are differentiated from others in the space.
To do all of this youll need a background launching world-class brands  products across all media, with heavy experience designing and developing motion-forward concepts that make digital product landscapes look beautiful.
Above all, you will lead by example by making the most of every opportunity to develop breakthrough creative, and youll share your knowledge with our growing in-house Creative Studio, helping bolster the skills of creatives from diverse brand backgrounds. 
What youll be doing

Foster and grow excitement for Coinbase products through work that is beautifully crafted, breakthrough, and conceptually excellent.
Partner deeply with product marketing leads to deliver on a creative workflow that is nimble and proactive in nature.
Jump on every opportunity to refine, evolve, and grow the brand. 

What we look for

6 years experience as a creative practitioner, preferably as a designer in a high functioning, creatively excellent team environment.
A rich portfolio of hands-on developed, product-forward creative work for top tier brands.
A strategic point of view matched with proven hands-on creative craft. 

P31337Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 127,075—149,500 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 