At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Were looking for an intern to help Coinbase scale our operations and expand globally! This role will sit between business and engineering organizations, acting as the voice of both internal and external customers and a leader of our products built on enterprise-level platforms.
In this role, you will be responsible for building cross-functional capabilities to help improve and scale our global operations, ranging from conventional areas like marketing  sales to more unconventional areas like crypto asset risk management. You will partner with various teams across Coinbase and the Group Product Manager to identify problems, develop requirements, and work with an engineering team to ship solutions that will immediately help businesses and customers use crypto all around the world.
As with all aspiring product managers, you will need to be excited to develop a healthy mix of product, process, design, analytical, and technical skills to deliver simple and intuitive products. For our team, you will also need to have a passion and interest for operations and systems thinking.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Learn about one or more critical operations within Coinbase.
Develop both business and technical documentation to communicate decisions and status.
Identify pain points and opportunities for technology to drive improvements.
Work with one or more engineering teams to develop requirements and ship solutions to help internal and external customers use crypto.
Partner with operations teams to implement changes and gather feedback.
Develop metrics to measure performance and impact of our operations.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Passion for product management and solving problems with technology.
Customer obsession and ability to empathize with a wide range of businesses and customers.
Excellent written and verbal communication.
Strong quantitative aptitude.
Interest  aptitude for scaling processes and operations.
Interest  aptitude for systems-thinking and engineering.

Nice to haves:

Degree or currently pursuing a degree in Business, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Economics, Mathematics, or related field.
Knowledge and passion about crypto  web3.
Experience in coding and  or working with engineers on a project.
Experience developing quantitative models  metrics for a process.
Working knowledge of applications like Salesforce, Snowflake, Tableau, Looker, Jira

Position ID: (P53339)Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 35—35 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 