At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The Associate will report to the Head of Business Management, BD  International, to support and execute key processes such as team planning and performance management, and will also help drive internal priorities and special projects forward. 
The BD  International Business Management team supports the teams efforts to (1) maximize impact from its partnerships and market expansion efforts, and (2) drive operational efficiency and rigor in all that we do. We are a force multiplier for the leadership and broader team, and help ensure that teams have the right tools and support to spend their time in the highest ROI manner. Were looking for a motivated and collaborative lead who will drive Business Management efforts for the International team, with a focus on performance management, strategic planning, internal team communications, and process excellence.
What youll be doing:

Collaborate with senior leadership (Regional Managing Directors, Country Managers) to develop and execute on international strategic priorities, including long-term goals, and implementation of new tools and processes to enable operational efficiency
Drive efforts (in close coordination with cross-functional teams) to increase the efficiency and impact of core product and business priorities across Go Deep international markets (with a focus on EMEA)
Lead efforts to compile and manage reporting and data dashboards for International leadership to monitor progress against key metrics
Effectively manage daily business operations for International, including team communications, quarterly planning and OKR development, special projects
Serve as a right hand to International leadership, and pitch hit to drive time-sensitive special projects

What we look for in you:

3 years experience in consulting, fintech  consumer tech in similar business or operational roles
Demonstrated experience managing complex projects with senior cross-functional stakeholders
Excellent project management, communication, and presentation skills
Familiarity with various data and BI platforms; ability to build and manage reporting dashboards
Ability to influence senior stakeholders and thrive in a fast-paced remove environment

Nice to haves:

Previous experience working in crypto

Job : P52263Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 