At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The Compliance Manager, serving both licensed entities in Bermuda, will work within the Compliance team and report to the Chief Compliance Officer (CCO) in Bermuda. The person will work in a cross-functional environment and be responsible for overseeing customer onboarding, escalations and external submissions to local stakeholders. 
The person will ensure Coinbase global compliance standards adhere to the local regulations and legislations. The objective of this persons work will be to ensure that local reporting standards, (statutory, internal and external escalations and regulatory requests,) are of high standards and meet regulator and auditor expectations.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties): 

Regulatory Compliance Oversight: The Compliance Manager will be responsible for ensuring that the organization complies with all relevant laws in Bermuda and global sanctions, FATF pronouncements, regulations, and industry standards. This includes staying up-to-date with changes in Bermuda regulations, assessing their impact on the business, and implementing necessary policies, procedures, and controls to maintain compliance.
Risk Assessment and Mitigation: The Compliance Manager will lead efforts to identify, assess, and mitigate compliance and operational risks within the organization. This involves conducting risk assessments, developing risk mitigation strategies, and working collaboratively with other departments to implement risk-reduction measures.
Training and Education: The Compliance Manager will play a crucial role in educating employees and promoting a culture of compliance within the organization. This includes designing and delivering compliance training programs, conducting awareness campaigns, and providing guidance to employees and management on compliance-related matters.
Strong Regulatory Knowledge: We seek a candidate with a deep understanding of Bermuda laws, regulations, and industry standards pertaining to Digital Asset Business and Proceeds of Crime legislation. The ideal candidate should be well-versed in compliance frameworks and have a track record of staying current with evolving regulations.
Analytical and Risk Management Skills: We are looking for an individual who can effectively assess and manage compliance risks. The candidate should demonstrate strong analytical skills, the ability to identify potential issues, and propose and implement proactive measures to mitigate risks. delivering compliance training programs, conducting awareness campaigns
Excellent Communication and Leadership: The Compliance Manager will be responsible for communicating compliance requirements and fostering a culture of compliance within the organization. We are seeking a candidate with exceptional communication and leadership skills, who can work collaboratively with cross-functional teams and effectively educate and engage employees at all levels on compliance matters.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): 

5 years of experience in compliance 
Solid working knowledge of the Bermuda Monetary Authority (BMA) Guidance Notes on AMLATF experience, POCA and DABA regulations. 
Experience with onsite examinations and independent audit testing of compliance and risk programs. 
Ability to manage internal and external escalations and filings to external stakeholders (FIA, BMA)

Nice to haves:

Experienced liaison to the FIA as a Deputy Money Laundering Reporting Officer (DMLRO) in Bermuda.  
Compliance experience with a licensed Digital Asset Business in Bermuda.  
Experience in preparing and quality controlling monthly Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) under DABA.

Job : P52939Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 