At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The consumer litigation team manages all retail customer-facing litigation risks throughout the world. The successful candidate will support the litigation teams international litigation docket, led by our Associate General Counsel, Litigation, based in London, and the US-based consumer litigation team, which focuses on consumer arbitrations and consumer class actions in the United States.  
What youll be doing (ie. job duties): 

Manage fast-paced docket of consumer litigation. 
Develop, execute, and continuously assess Coinbase global consumer litigation strategy and tactics, including providing thought leadership, strategic direction and proactive solutions.  
Identify and mitigate consumer protection issues and risks arising out of operating the most trusted crypto platforms in numerous jurisdictions on multiple continents.  
Advise a cross-functional team of internal and external stakeholders on Coinbases global consumer litigation matters and strategy.
Draft and file pleadings and briefs as needed.  
Engage and manage outside counsel to effectively and efficiently represent Coinbase.
Work collegially and supportively with other members of the legal team.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements): 

Four years litigation experience at a top law firm.
Experience managing and successfully resolving strategic litigation in the U.S.
Experience with litigation andor arbitration outside of the US is highly desirable.
Experience with consumer protection law.
Strong negotiation skills.
Ability to manage expanding litigation practice, using outside counsel strategically and efficiently.
Excellent judgment, analytical rigor, clear communication, and business pragmatism.
Team player essential -- willing to tackle tasks large or small.
Ability to learn new areas of the law quickly and well.
Organized and detail oriented.

Nice to haves:

Secondmentin-house experience at a financial institution, bank, or cryptocurrency company. 
Experience with non-US consumer litigation matters.
Experience in the crypto industry a bonus.

Job :  P53358Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 166,600—196,000 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 