At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Reporting to the Associate General Counsel, your role will involve actively supporting Coinbases Trust and Risk function. This includes conducting diverse research tasks related to the companys thought leadership initiatives, ongoing corporate and litigation matters, and regulatory concerns associated with the companys product suite. We seek a proactive, responsible, team-focused individual capable of handling multiple concurrent tasks and enthusiastic about joining a nimble team that addresses a range of innovative and intricate legal challenges.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Providing support to Coinbases Legal operations, risk management efforts and strategic business objectives and priorities.
Assisting Attorneys on reviews of institutional and consumer product development initiatives, the review and intake of consumer litigation matters and support on entity management and corporate governance.
Support drafting and negotiating of different contracts across a broad range of areas including marketing, sales, procurement, IP licensing and general commercial engagements with third parties.
Research tasks related to a range of general corporate, product and litigation matters including capital deployment, Asset listing, Regulatory, MA, and pending litigation cases with courts and tribunals. 
General support on projects related to the cryptocurrency industry and the developing regulatory environment for the leader in this cutting edge space.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

You are passionate about Coinbases values and mission. You strive to embrace the disruptive potential of cryptocurrency and blockchains.
Strong interest in and common understanding of crypto-assets and crypto-related products andor stockstrading as well as a good working knowledge of traditional financial products.
You are a collaborative team player with a rapid grasp of concepts, a solution-driven work approach, and the capacity to work dependably, both autonomously and as an integral part of a team.
You possess an unwavering commitment to organization, boundless energy, and an unwavering passion for wholeheartedly supporting your team, making you a dedicated and enthusiastic team player.
You employ prudent and pragmatic business acumen in your legal studies and research, while demonstrating creativity in problem-solving.
You are detail-oriented and comfortable dealing with complex legal, regulatory and litigation matters.

Nice to haves:

Degree or currently pursuing law school degree.
Professional experience with an international law firm or supporting an in-house legal counsel within a global corporation.
Proficiency or prior exposure to Slack, Apple MacOS, GSuite, and CLMELM tools.

Pay Transparency Notice:  The target salary for this position is 35hr.
ID: P53319Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 35—35 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 