At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Coinbase Infrastructure Security is seeking an engineering leader to join our team to help us build an infrastructure platform that is secure, at scale, by default. Our work touches all facets of the engineering pipeline, from development and deployment, to core infrastructure and configuration, to the cross between SRE and Security. Youll work with these infrastructure teams while implementing security specific solutions that compliment the overall platform. As a manager in the Infrastructure Security organization, youll lead teams to solve unique, large-scale, highly complex technical problems and build scalable monitoring, guardrails, and paved roads that allow engineers to focus on building products safely at speed.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Build and manage a focused infrastructure security team and guide the development and operation of infrastructure, tools, review processes and applications to support Infrastructure Security, the security and visibility of Coinbase infrastructure, and engineering teams more broadly
Coach your direct reports to have a positive impact on the organization and chart a fulfilling career path
Collaborate with engineers, managers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter
Be a thoughtful technical voice and support your team in making diligent architectural and operational decisions
Work with our talent organization to source and hire amazing engineers who will expand the Coinbase culture and product

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

At least 5 years of experience in security domains such as Infrastructure Security, Cloud Security, Security Engineering, etc
At least 10 years of experience in SRE or infrastructure
At least 3 years of engineering management experience
You know what high quality systems look like and know how to foster an environment that creates them
Demonstrated experience building or running production-grade observability or deployment systems
Ability to do both long term thinking and short term planning
Youre passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together

Nice to haves:

Conversational familiarity with Crypto
Design, build, and operational familiarity with clouds, networking, infrastructure provisioning, service deployment, and IAM.
Operationaldesign familiarity with key management and PKI systems

Position ID: P53119Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 236,725—278,500 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 