At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Coinbase is looking for a highly motivated finance professional to join our Investor Relations team and play a key role in our continued growth and achievement of operational excellence. The Investor Relations associate must possess a deductive mind, an ability to communicate complex ideas to leaders internally and investors externally over time, and a desire to make a meaningful impact on a dynamic, high-growth technology company. The ideal candidate is extremely detail-oriented, well-organized, highly analytical, possesses exceptional written and verbal communication skills, and thrives in a fun, fast-paced, results-oriented environment.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Prepare and maintain accurate consensus models, valuation analysis, stock market trading summaries, and other quantitative materials as needed and on a recurring basis
Monitor and report on industry and peer company information and practices by tracking research reports, news, earnings calls and other relevant resources
Track and summarize institutional ownership trends, and influence our corporate access strategy using data driven insights
Coordinate cross-functional workflows across finance, accounting, data, legal, communications, and other product groups across Coinbase, to gather information in preparation for quarterly earnings and other ad hoc projects
Partner with internal stakeholders and senior executives to develop financial presentations, QA documents, and other relevant materials
Drive and effectively manage ad hoc projects and investigation as required
Collaborate with other functional areas to drive processes forward and increase efficiency
Work closely key stakeholders to build the infrastructure to support the companys current and future business reporting requirements

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Deep understanding of financial modeling, valuation, investing, and investment management landscape - particularly within the financial services, fintech,  consumer tech
2 years of experience in one or more of the following areas: equity research, investment banking, investor relations, or management consulting.
Excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills - ability to distill complex topics into a concise, consumable format
Track record of successfully building and managing processes
Ability to build strong relationships internally and externally with numerous constituencies, including senior executives, analysts, and investors
Experience working at a fast-growing technology company or in the financial services industry
High attention to detail
Ability to thrive in a dynamic  fast paced environment

Nice to haves:

Advanced degree in business or finance
Factset and Google suite experience
Passion for cryptocurrency, financial markets, and the Coinbase mission

Job : P21955Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 96,475—113,500 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 