At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Coinbase is seeking interns to join our Product Design team for a 12-week  16-week internship to understand user needs for existing products like Coinbase.com, Prime, Wallet, etc. You will contribute to unique, large scale, highly complex product problems. You will help researchers, designers, and product managers craft thoughtful experiences to help enable all people to engage with the crypto economy. You dont need to be an expert on cryptocurrency to join us—we welcome folks at many different moments in their cryptocurrency journey. We only ask that you have a basic knowledge of cryptocurrency and Coinbases role in it, and an interest in learning more.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Work on a product design project with a product team and coaching from an intern manager to turn a product idea into a tangible user experience across mobile andor web platforms.
Engage in group Design critiques to improve and get feedback on your work.
Apply problem-solving skills and learn new methods of design thinking and human-centered approaches to solve complex and ambiguous problems.
Craft and prototype visually polished experiences to socialize your solutions and work closely with engineering to implement a final solution.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Some experience using computer programs to design (like Figma or Sketch).
Enjoy thinking about how people interact with products and building experiences that users love.
Self-motivated and committed to personal growth.
Approach problems with positive energy.

Nice to haves:

Degree or currently pursuing a degree Bachelors, Masters, or trade program certificate in a Design-related field or pursuing design extracurricularly while enrolled in a Bachelors program.
Experience with or excited to learn about crypto.

Position ID: G2486Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 