At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
About Coinbase Design - We are a tight knit team of designers and researchers. We value low-ego collaboration and balancing rigorous product thinking with thoughtfully crafted experiences. As a close partner to Product and Engineering, Coinbase Design team plays a critical role in executing on the company vision. We take on hard user experience problems to deliver delightful and easy-to-use products from very complex technical challenges. Youll help design our flagship products for the largest user base in crypto and define user experiences for entirely new features that the ecosystem has not seen before. 
What youll be doing:

Lead a team of Product Designers
Proactively identify blockers, opportunities and improvements to the teams product area Be involved in all decision-making at all project phases for your product area (including planning, strategic, tactical, QA, analysis, decision, shipping and retro)
Collaborate cross functionally to drive and shape product vision and strategy
Direct the allocation of resources for the team in the current and following quarter
Help others grow, including mentoring other designers Implement
Design working processes for your team
Organize and document multiple projects and the teams working in writing 

What we look for in you:

5 years of professional experience leading a team of designers 
Strong mentorship skills, management experience is a plus 
Experience setting creative direction for consumer-facing products for web and mobile 
Excellence in UX thinking, visual design, and written communication 
Experience working in a collaborative environment with other designers, engineers, user researchers, and product teams 
Fluency in Figma and prototyping tools 
Experience driving user research studies You are low ego, collaborative, and open minded 
You love transforming complexity into simplicity, and creating order from uncertainty 

Nice to haves:

Previous design experience in FinTech
Familiarity with crypto

 Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 