At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The Talent Programs team at Coinbase is responsible for defining our hiring strategy  processes, and keeping the recruiting engine running efficiently and with the highest quality. We partner cross-functionally daily with Talent, People Analytics, HR Tech and HR Ops to bring our programs and initiatives to life. We dont just wait for things to happen; we are always looking around the corner and taking action. Innovation is our game; were always searching for smart, practical ways to do better work. When the unexpected hits, were on it, tackling problems head-on.
This role is responsible for managing programs that support how we measure and assess talent and making recommendations for new approaches to talent assessment. Through partnership and experimentation, the Senior Assessment Specialist will establish Coinbase as an innovative talent leader. 
What youll be doing (ie. job duties): 

Program Design: Drive the selection, execution and improvement of pre-and post-hire Talent Assessments by helping to identify and recommend solutions 
Repeatable Innovation: Establish a framework for piloting and experimenting new Talent Assessment solutions and tools
Program Management: Pilot potential new solutions and tools to determine best-fit assessments within strategy and culture
Reporting and Analytics: Work People Analytics to report on appropriate success metrics; identify key insights to inform decision-making
Trusted Partnership: Partner with stakeholders across Talent and the People Success Team (PST) to ensure implementation of new assessments aligns with overall Talent Assessment strategy
Continuous Improvement: Identify new opportunities to advance our assessment approach to support business demands

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Degree in IndustrialOrganizational Psychology or Quantitative Psychology (PhD or Masters preferred) and at least 5 years experience managing programs related to talent andor measurement (talent assessment, research methods, talent management, etc.)
Proven ability to manage multiple complex projects, meet deadlines, and work with cross-functional partners
Highly motivated to try new things and not afraid to challenge common practices
Proven experience utilizing data and feedback to develop new andor innovate existing processes
Ability to adapt communication style to reach various audiences and build deep relationships with people from a range of backgrounds
Ability to think clearly under pressure, both autonomously and in team environments

Nice to haves:

A degree in or experience with advanced statistical analysis or psychometrics
Experience with international talent assessment strategies, reflecting a comprehensive global outlook
Experience running adverse impact analysis to ensure fairness and equity in talent measurement practices
Comprehensive understanding of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Automated Decision-Making (ADM) laws as they pertain to assessments, ensuring compliance in all processes

Position ID:  P53452 Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 127,075—149,500 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 