At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The Corporate Programs team sits within the Strategy, Execution  Analytics (SEA) function at Coinbase. We leverage program management skills to supercharge execution on the most critical priorities for the business.
Were looking for a Senior Program Manager to lead our largest cross-functional programs. These programs are often complex in nature and have the highest level of visibility to our executive  senior leadership teams. It will require someone with excellent stakeholder management skills and overall thoughtful execution. As a senior member of the team, were also looking for someone who can lead by example and champion operational excellence across the organization.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Lead large scale programs that are highly complex  cross functional in nature
Create the program strategycharter defining clear objectives, northstars and success metrics
Establish clear organizational structure that sets process clarity  rolesresponsibilities, and implement an operating rhythm that drives momentum
Draft  execute Clear Communication plans using appropriate channelsmechanisms, and publish high-quality documentation as needed
Build detailed projectoperating plans, gantt charts, stakeholder maps and other artifacts in support of your program 
Proactively identify risks, issues  dependencies, resolving these with senior stakeholders if needed through clearly articulated proposalstrade-offs
Set a framework to drive accountability across the program establishing strong working relationships with cross-functional teams
Proactively identify ways to streamline processes to enable Efficient Execution at all times

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

6 years in program management within tech, with experience leading large-scale cross-functional programs and initiatives 
Highly organized with an impeccable attention to detail
Comfortable with ambiguity, can turn incomplete or even conflicting inputs into clear plans
Experience identifying  implementing scalable solutions to systemic challenges
Clear communicator (both written  verbal) who can facilitate dialogues with senior stakeholders and drive toward outcomes

Nice to haves:

Experience working in mid-large organizations within tech, fintech, crypto, or financial services
Experience working directly with Executive teams
Experience dealing in high-pressure environments, public affairs, andor crisis management

Job : P52971Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 161,500—190,000 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 