At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Coinbase is looking for a highly motivated Finance professional to join our team and play a key role in our continued growth and achievement of operational excellence. The Finance Transformation Analyst should have a deep understanding of Finance and Accounting business processes and systems, strong communication and organizational skills, the ability to lead cross-functional efforts, and a hunger to problem solve and operationalize.
Reporting to the Senior Manager, Finance Transformation, the candidate will assist  in the design and implementation of projects to improve upon current Finance and Accounting  business processes, data optimisation, and systems use. Work with Finance business partners and analyze existing processes to provide recommendations for operational improvementsredesigns and direct the change management process. Lead cross-functional collaboration with stakeholders in Finance, EAA, Data, and other relevant departments to ensure alignment, adherence to deadlines, and manage expectations throughout the transformation process. 
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Analyze current Finance processes to identify areas for improvement and provide strategic recommendations to team leads.
Design projects to improve upon or redesign Finance and Accounting business processes andor systems use.
Direct change management process within Finance organization, create end-to-end roadmap for project execution, identify potential blockers, and establish realistic timelines.
Partner with Enterprise Applications product manager and engineering teams to prioritize and implement enhancementssystem builds.
Lead cross-functional collaboration with business stakeholders through execution of projects.
Support teams through transformation efforts with thorough process documentation and live training.
Work with Data, HR, and other relevant departments to identify automation possibilities, ensure data integrity, and overall alignment between platform and systems.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Minimum of 5 years operational FPAAccounting experience
BABS in Finance or Accounting or related field
Able to work well in a dynamic environment and be able to deliver process improvements, work autonomously and handle multiple tasks simultaneously
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
Strong experience working with forecasting systems, ERPs and other financial systems.
Exceptional organizational skills, timeline management skills and attention to detail.
A desire to work in a fast growing, exciting and agile business.

Nice to haves:

Experience with Wdesk, Anaplan, Netsuite
Crypto forward, either direct work experience or personal interest.
Prior involvement in systems implementations

Job : P53307Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 96,475—113,500 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 