At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
To strengthen our growing Enterprise Applications and Architecture (EAA) team, we are looking for an Integration Engineer Intern, passionate about transforming technology into critical business value. You will synthesize a product vision into key technical decisions and partner with Business Units and engineering teams to buy, build, launch, and scale platforms. You will report to Senior Manager (Enterprise Integrations), and be part of the larger Coinbase Enterprise Applications and Architecture Organization.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Design and build integrations for Coinbase Enterprise Apps using approved integration patterns and design principles.
Collaborate with integration engineering and product managers to understand functional requirements and create technical solutions.
Improve integration build solutions to address architectural or security gaps as well as address technical debt.
Drive and manage creation of standards, integration best-practices and methodologies for the team
Participate in major cross-functional efforts end to end, working with multiple business units to deliver best in class integration solutions.
Check in and deploy code and configurations; participate in release management
DeliverExecute with a team of solution architects, program managers and engineers.
Produce documentation and tutorials that enable other teams and participate in bi-weekly technical demo sessions.
Collaborate with external vendors for integration using APIs and File Based systems.
Be on rotation duty for product support, troubleshoot, mitigate and triage prod incidents as they occur.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Good knowledge of building web services using REST APIs, or other similar protocols like GRPC or SOAP.
Experience working with ETL tools such as Apache Airflow (or similar) for synchronizing huge data volumes between systems, connecting APIs and databases
Good knowledge of CICD processes with experience using Maven, MUnits, GitHub and deployments on K8s and docker containers run on AWS EC2 Instances.
Good communication skills and ability to grasp requirements and work independently in an agile working environment.
Experience delivering API integration solutions with internal or external systems, e.g. Salesforce, NetSuite, Workday and other legacy and cloud-based solutions.

Nice to haves:

Degree or currently pursuing a degree in computer science.
Experience in software development with proficiency in one or more object oriented programming languages i.e. Core Java, Python or Go Lang.
Experience working with middlewareiPaaS tools e.g.Workato, MuleSoft, Boomi etc.
Experience working with AWS Services i.e. S3, SQS, SNS, EC2, ELBs.

ID: P53338Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 50—50 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 