At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Coinbase is looking for a highly motivated Accounting Intern to work with our Accounting team and play a meaningful role in our continued growth and achievement of operational excellence during the internship.  The Accounting Intern must possess some accounting knowledge, an ability to communicate clearly and work with various teams inside of Finance (such as Tax, FPA, and Accounts Payable), and a desire to have a beneficial experience in a dynamic, high-growth technology company.
 
Reporting to the Assistant Controller, Senior Manager, Platform Accounting, or Senior Accounting Manager - Derivatives, the Accounting Intern will have a chance to assist in the companys operational, platform, andor derivatives accounting. This position will have the opportunity to collaborate with various teams across the organization, and assist with the companys day-to-day and monthquarter-end accounting processes. This role requires someone with high-positive energy, impeccable attention to detail, a financial and analytic mindset, and a strong desire to get hands-on accounting experience at a rapidly growing organization.
 
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Assist with various areas of the companys accounting processes, recording daily journals and creating supporting schedules.
Assist with preparation of balance sheet reconciliations  and supporting schedules
Cross-functional collaboration with FPA, Tax, Treasury, and Source-To-Pay teams, among others, to ensure proper accounting and financial reporting.
Prepare supporting documentation for external audits, including non-US subsidiary statutory financial statements.
Participate in critical accounting projects, including the implementation of new system logics or enhancements.
Provide support for internal and external audits related to specific areas of responsibility.
Maintain compliance with internal controls, policies and procedures.
Maintain up-to-date process documentation and procedures for all tasks.
Support ad hoc financial information requests and analyses and other special projects as assigned.

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Possess excellent analytical skills, business partnering, problem solving and prioritization skills
Able to work well in a dynamic environment 
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
Strong work ethic and team player

Nice to haves:

Degree or currently pursue BABS degree in Accounting or related field
Knowledge of US GAAP; IFRS knowledge a plus
Basic knowledge of digital assets and the crypto economy, or a desire to learn

Position ID: P53413Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 30—30 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 