At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
On the institutional side of our business, some of the worlds most sophisticated trading firms have chosen Coinbases industry leading derivatives and spot offerings for trading.
We are growing our Institutional Sales team and are looking for motivated people to help chart the path of a new and rapidly expanding business. If you have a positive, proactive, startup mentality, and are interested in joining a highly disruptive business on the forefront of the burgeoning cryptocurrency industry, then youve come to the right place.
Our institutional client base includes both crypto-natives as well as traditional finance firms getting into crypto for the first time. You will be part of a team that identifies and develops relationships with some of the worlds most advanced trading firms across the APAC region and beyond.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Market Coinbase International Exchange, which offers Derivatives, to institutional clients and trading firms primarily based in APAC.
Assist senior institutional sales team members in coverage for existing clients as well as lead generation and responding to inbound opportunities.
Help to develop and implement regional institutional sales strategy
Help the business scale by collaborating with teammates to create and optimize processes for sales, support and CRM.
Take part in marketing activities in APAC region; meet face-to-face or virtually with existing and prospective clients, and be involved in hosting and organising client events 

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):  

Minimum 3 years relevant experience, preferably in a salesaccount coveragebusiness developmentsales  trading role for a tier-1 cryptocurrency or TradFi exchange (spot or derivatives) or investment bank
A broad understanding of Derivative markets and products along with experience in providing solutions to Clients needs.
Existing relationships with market makers  high frequency firms  proprietary trading firms  quantitative trading firms in the cryptocurrency andor traditional finance space
Demonstrable track record of consistently strong performance in prior positions
High energy level, eagerness to learn and contribute immediately, willingness to engage in a multi-faceted role as part of a small team
Strong strategic thinking, client-facing communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to distill complex information into an easily digestible form
Willingness to travel up to 30 of the time (as and when it is safe to do so)
English language spoken and written fluency
Mandarin language spoken fluency, simplified Chinese written fluency is highly preferred
Intellectual curiosity passionate about the opportunity and personable (internal and external) 

Nice to haves:

Experience working in a tier 1 asset manager, hedge fund, fintech, technology, brokerage firm, prime broker, prime brokerage services
Existing relationships with traditional and crypto-native institutional clients in the region
Business-level fluency in other Asian languages such as Japanese or Korean

P52442Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 