At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
The International Team in Coinbase is tasked with expanding the presence and reach of Coinbase products to countries across the globe. We enable easy access to fiat payment rails and ensure a smooth and delightful onboarding experience that meets our high bar on regulatory compliance to customers in countries where Coinbase is not currently present.Once the foundational work for giving users access to crypto is completed, we will then start building products that make sense in the context of the particular countryregion.
You will join the Trade Readiness team within the  International org, which will work across various horizontal and vertical business functions and engineering platforms that are critical for expanding Coinbase across the globe. Your core set of priorities in support of our mission first culture will include:

Going deep in key countries
Going broad in other countries
Innovating with region specific use-cases (e.g. GameFi in SE Asia  SME DeFi financing etc.)
Enabling and scaling Derivatives trading and other emerging instruments across the globe 
Own the roadmap, create impact and grow with the team to  raise the top talent bar with us at Coinbase!
Make direct contributions to CB revenue, mentor the team, and create cross-team impact with the products

What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Architect and develop distributed systems
Provide technical structure to teams and work closely with management and stakeholders to define strategic roadmaps
Manage individual projects priorities, deadlines and deliverables with your technical expertise
Mentor and train other team members on design techniques and coding standards
Design and implement foundational infrastructure components used by every engineering team in production (e.g. dynamic configuration, secrets storage, container orchestration, etc)
Write high quality, well tested code to meet the needs of your customers
Hands-on with coding
Plan and Implement the multi-year strategy for International engineering with the technical leadership on your team
Collaborate with engineers, designers, product managers and senior leadership to turn our vision into a tangible roadmap every quarter.
Add positive energy in every meeting, and make your coworkers feel included in every interaction.
Navigate the project through unusually high uncertainties such as:

Dynamic product charters to cater to rapidly changing crypto-landscape
Crypto bear bull cycles (volatile stock prices, FUD etc.)
Delivering top quality products in a very tight timeframe, on top of platforms which are constantly in a state of flux

Being the end-integration layer, be extremely comfortable with dealing with an exceptionally high level of uncertainty and a steep learning curve of working with new platforms teams across and outside of Coinbase

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

8 years of experience in software engineering
Youve experienced architecting and developing solutions to ambiguous problems with significant impact
Experience in uplevelling junior engineers via processes and setting a high bar for them to follow
You know what high quality code — and software engineering processes — look like and know how to foster an environment that creates them.
Youre passionate about building an open financial system that brings the world together.

Nice to haves:

You have gone through a rapid growth in your company (from 10 to 100s of engineers)
You have experience with Blockchains (such as Bitcoin, Ethereum etc.)
You have experience decomposing a large monolith into microservices
Youve worked with Golang, Ruby, Docker, Sinatra, Rails, Postgres
Youve built financial, high reliability or security systems

Job : GBE06INCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 