At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
Coinbase is hiring! We are looking for an experienced staff site reliability engineer (SRE) to join the IT Operations Corporate Engineering team to build and maintain the tooling to secure and manage our fleet across multiple platforms (macOS, ChromeOS, Windows) and across various hardware types (laptop, desktop, mobile). A successful candidate will have demonstrated previous success in similar role(s) in rapidly growing, security-first environments. The right person is passionate about infrastructure as code and managing a diverse fleet leveraging open source solutions.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Partner across Coinbase to design, implement, and maintain performant, reliable, and secure system architectures to support a diverse fleet of macOS, iOS, Windows, ChromeOS and Android clients
Provide client platform engineering and DevOps tooling subject matter expertise to adjacent IT, Security, and Engineering teams
Mentor and develop team members across the IT organization
Define metrics and bolster monitoringobservability across corporate endpoint management systems
Own documentation across system lifecycle
Build and maintain CICD pipelines for integrating changes and deploying to production in progressively tested environments
Deliver configurations and maintain state using configuration management tools
Facilitate incident response, conduct root cause analysis and blameless retrospectives
Support data-driven policy by shipping and querying streams of fleet data

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

4 years of experience managing enterprise fleets at scale
Demonstrated success and domain expertise in configuring and implementing modern open source endpoint management tooling such as: Puppet, Munki, Autopkg, NanoMDMMicroMDM, Crypt
Experience with macOS  Windows endpoint administration, including: installing, upgrading, and monitoring software and hardware, maintaining client OS and MDM (Mobile Device Management) software administration
Demonstrated success developing and implementing security tooling such as: zero trust networking, device encryption  key escrow, anti-malware tooling, PKI, patch management, and application allowdeny-listing
Experience configuring and implementing modern IaC tooling such as Terraform and Ansible
Fluency in a modern programming language (Golang, Python, Ruby, etc.)
Strong experience using and managing AWS, GCP, Azure, or other cloud environment with IaC
Strong understanding of CICD workflows, automation frameworks, and best practices
Clear communication—demonstrate ability to explain technical concepts simply
Self starter—possess a continuous learning mindset
Demonstrate critical thinking under pressure

Nice to haves:

You are a thought leader in the industry and contribute to open-source projects

Job : P52047
Pay Transparency Notice:  Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range from [Zone 3 Pay] to 206000  target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 140,250—206,000 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 