At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom around the world, and we couldnt do this without hiring the best people. Were a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether theyre trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead the group project? Thats us.
There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase, regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in a culture like ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves. Second, we expect all employees to commit to our mission-focused approach to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. Were a remote-first company looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.
Ready to LiveCrypto? Who you are:

Youve got positive energy. Youre optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
Youre never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
You appreciate direct communication. Youre both an active communicator and an eager listener - because lets face it, you cant have one without the other. Youre cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. Youre not looking for a boring job.
You have a can do attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesnt scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100 responsibility for achieving our mission.
You want to be part of a winning team. Were stronger together, and youre a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 
About Coinbase Design Systems
The UI Systems team at Coinbase plays a critical role in executing on our vision to create more economic freedom for the world, and is at the center of execution for products across the entirety of the company. Were building the most secure, trusted, and easiest to use cryptocurrency products for the millions of people just getting started with crypto, as well as long-standing loyal customers with advanced knowledge of the cryptocurrency space. 
As a Motion Designer youll contribute to our mission, vision and strategy by creating stunning visuals and scalable motion systems that simplify complex interactions and solve challenging design problems. Youll work closely with Product Designers, UX Researchers, Product Managers, and Engineering teams to help build simple, easy-to-use systems that express the Coinbase brand and values.
What youll be doing (ie. job duties):

Develop a user-centric, utilitarian Motion Design System that scales beyond our mobile  web products
Embed within product teams and provide hands-on support to up-level craft, improve XFN efficiencies and drive system wide adoption
Create, maintain, and distribute easy to use components and documentation for our design system
Up-level the design quality of the UI Systems team by bringing inspired ideas to the table and guiding those ideas through to fruition with attention to detail
Produce clear specs that advocate our design language system
QA work to ensure designs and creative assets are polished and ready for implementation handoff or final delivery

What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

7 years of motion design experience in a product setting
Ability to use motion to narrate user experience based on users behaviors, needs and emotion
Exceptional process thinker, and problem solver. Successful designing Principles, timing frameworks, and hand off documentations
Experience successfully designing and building durable motion systems at scale within a large product organization
Exceptional collaboration skills and ability to partner with cross-functional partners, to drive towards successful outcomes
Demonstrates a strong foundation in basic animation principles, often related to physics and patterns 
Demonstration of inclusive motion principles and interest in accessibility best practices 
Self directed, solution oriented, and ability to work autonomously
Thrives in a fast-paced (sometimes ambiguous) environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Low ego, collaborative, positive attitude, and open-minded
Master in After effects and Figma
Knowledgeable about Lottie Files and Rive
Proficient in Photoshop and Illustrator

G - 2493Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual salary for this position can range as detailed below. Full time offers from Coinbase also include target bonus  target equity  benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).Pay Range: 175,100—206,000 USDCommitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view Pay Transparency, Employee Rights and Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links.  Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 
Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).
Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.     
 