About our Company:
Based in Denver, Colorado, Cologix is North Americas leading network-neutral interconnection and hyperscale edge data center company. Our platform gives customers access to 40 digital edge and ScalelogixSM hyperscale edge data centers in 11 markets across the United States and Canada along with a carrier-dense ecosystem of 700 networks, 360 cloud providers, 30 onramps and six Internet exchanges.  We provide our nearly 2,000 customers with direct access to our local operations teams, resulting in strong partnerships enabled by exceptional operational support and unparalleled customer service. Backed by one of the largest North American infrastructure funds, Cologixs experienced leadership team, certified staff and commitment to ESG initiatives help form a culture that values our people, our environment and our clients.About the Position: 
The Datacenter Technician is responsible for the daily operations and maintenance of the Datacenter. Performs or delegates all tasks associated with the installation, acceptance and maintenance of a variety of Telecommunication equipment. Responsibilities range from installation of cabinets, equipment, and cross-connects, performing remote hands requests, and managing vendor maintenance of all critical infrastructure equipment. Project installation, testing and troubleshooting of Telecommunication infrastructure components including but not limited to Ladder rack, Fiber Guide, MDF, IDF, switches, routers and related cabling.
What you do daily:

Install, provision, and test all cross-connects, patch panels, and equipment in support of network and customer requirements. Diagnose, troubleshoot, and repair customer and network circuits.
Execute customers support requests ranging from server reboot to complex telecommunication equipment troubleshooting and updates order management system.
Responsible for leading the troubleshooting process and repairs in the event of equipment failure and providing recommendations to prevent re-occurrences.
Monitor and respond to security, environmental, equipment monitoring systems.
Perform Facility walkthroughs, recording readings of electricalmechanical equipment and maintaining the related reports.
Manage and track capacity of MMR, MDF, IDF, patch panels and cables.
Maintain detailed site documentation of customer cross-connects and power circuits for provisioning.
Assist co-workers and vendors with other tasks as needed.
Receive and track incoming packages to the loading docks.
Responsible for assisting with the cleanliness of the entire facility.
Responsible for maintaining security procedures for site and data center access which includes staffing the security office occasionally, working access request cases, escorting vendors, and customers to and from secure areas.

What makes you a good fit: (Qualifications)

BICSI Certification 
Minimum 2-3 years experience in similar critical facilities
2 years of Data Center experience 
High School Diploma
DCCA Certification 
AMP ACT I  ACT II Certified
Needs to have functional knowledge of Inside Plant (ISP) disciplines; fiber optic and electrical cabling, labeling and lacing conforming to Telecom industry standards.
Strong technical and mechanical background with experience on the latest generation transport gear, critical infrastructure (Generators, HVAC systems, high-voltage electrical systems, DC Power Plants, etc.) found in Telecommunications facilities.
Knowledge of VISIO, MS Office
Expert working knowledge of low voltage test equipment and fusion splicing.
Ability to write a Method of Procedure (MOP) for Preventative Maintenance, installation, and repair activities.
Expert working knowledge of low voltage test equipment and fusion splicing.
Ability to follow specified policies and procedures
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Comfortable working in a fast paced 247 environment with flexibility to work after-hours and weekends when needed 
Comfortable with working on-call rotation
Autonomous with team spirit
Benefits:
We offer a competitive benefit package for full-time employees that includes:

Medical, dental and vision insurance
Flexible spending account options
Unlimited PTO
Company paid holidays
401k Retirement Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability

 Individual compensation will be commensurate with the candidates experience. Salary Range35—37 USDNOTE: This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties as assigned to meet the ongoing needs of the organization.
Cologix is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status.  If you need assistance in applying for any of our open positions, please contact us at recruitingcologix.com or call 720-940-2551. 
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) creates privacy rights relating to the collection, sale, disclosure, and deletion of consumers personal information. The CCPA requires businesses to provide consumers, including job applicants and employees, with information about their rights, including a description of the categories of personal information to be collected and the purpose for which the information will be used. For additional information regarding your rights, including a description of the categories of personal information to be collected and the purpose for which the information will be used, please see https:cologix.comprivacy-policy.
Cologix data centers are ISO 27001:2013 certified. ISO 27001:2013 certification and the Cologix portfolio of information security, information privacy and other industry recognized certifications represents our dedication to insuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of company and customer information systems and assets. At Cologix, information security is everyones responsibility. Cologix employees are responsible for:

 Understanding and following Cologix information security, cybersecurity and privacy policies, procedures and standards.
Ensuring conformance to all information security, cybersecurity and privacy policies, procedures, and standards.
Remaining vigilant and reporting any suspicious activity or possible vulnerabilities, weaknesses, threats, or breaches in Cologix information security to company information security and privacy officers.
Actively participating in Cologix efforts to maintain and improve information security.

 