About our Company:
Based in Denver, Colorado, Cologix is North Americas leading network-neutral interconnection and hyperscale edge data center company. Our platform gives customers access to 40 digital edge and ScalelogixSM hyperscale edge data centers in 11 markets across the United States and Canada along with a carrier-dense ecosystem of 700 networks, 360 cloud providers, 30 onramps and six Internet exchanges.  We provide our nearly 2,000 customers with direct access to our local operations teams, resulting in strong partnerships enabled by exceptional operational support and unparalleled customer service. Backed by one of the largest North American infrastructure funds, Cologixs experienced leadership team, certified staff and commitment to ESG initiatives help form a culture that values our people, our environment and our clients.
About the Position: 
As a Network Engineer with Cologix you will be responsible for assist in the engineering, design, and maintain a large datacenter network.
What you do daily:

Evaluate and maintain traffic flows across transit and backbone links
Tier III support for network related problems
Troubleshooting of backbone network
Evaluate new technologies as needed
Responding to trouble tickets and customer calls that are escalated
Hardware installations of network infrastructure
Turn up of high touch customer deployments

What makes you a good fit: (Qualifications)

Minimum 2-4 years experience as network engineer
Excellent oral and written communications skills and a strong customer service mentality
Strong analytical and effective problem solving skills.
Manage assigned tasks and projects with little supervision.
Quick learner who can adapt to changing requirements
Proven experience working in a team-based environment
Self-starter who possesses good time management skills
Ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing
Diplomatic, positive approach to interacting with employees
Must be punctual, reliable, flexible and willing to work additional hours when necessary to meet the demands of the department

Strong Understanding of the following technologies and platforms:Required:

Routers and switches: Cisco, Juniper, Brocade
Firewalls: Cisco ASA, Juniper SRX, and Sophos
Load balancers -Unix platforms
MPLSEVPNVXLANOTVL3VPN
Core routing experience
Strong understanding of routing protocols: eBGP, iBGP, ISIS, OSPF, and EIGRP
Strong Layer2Layer3 background
Windows, Linux, and MAC Operating Systems
Enterprise Server Configuration (Dell, HP, Supermicro)
VPN Configuration
Private Cloud Configuration and Installation
VMware Essentials
Alarm Monitoring

Cyber SecurityVPN Configuration





Private Cloud Configuration and Installation (vCloud Director)
VMware Essentials
Physical Racking and Cabling of Enterprise Devices
Alarm Monitoring
Ticketing System Use


Preferred:

Optical Engineering
Virtualization: VMWare, Openstack, KVM, Puppet, Chef
Scripting: Python, Perl, PHP, and shell preferred

Preferred Qualifications:

CCNA  Cisco Certified Network Associate
CCNP  Cisco Certified Network Professional
JNCIA  Juniper Networks Certified Internet Associate

NOTE: This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties as assigned to meet the ongoing needs of the organization.
Cologix is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status.  If you need assistance in applying for any of our open positions, please contact us at recruitingcologix.com or call 720-940-2551. 
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) creates privacy rights relating to the collection, sale, disclosure, and deletion of consumers personal information. The CCPA requires businesses to provide consumers, including job applicants and employees, with information about their rights, including a description of the categories of personal information to be collected and the purpose for which the information will be used. For additional information regarding your rights, including a description of the categories of personal information to be collected and the purpose for which the information will be used, please see https:cologix.comprivacy-policy.
Cologix data centers are ISO 27001:2013 certified. ISO 27001:2013 certification and the Cologix portfolio of information security, information privacy and other industry recognized certifications represents our dedication to insuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of company and customer information systems and assets. At Cologix, information security is everyones responsibility. Cologix employees are responsible for:

 Understanding and following Cologix information security, cybersecurity and privacy policies, procedures and standards.
Ensuring conformance to all information security, cybersecurity and privacy policies, procedures, and standards.
Remaining vigilant and reporting any suspicious activity or possible vulnerabilities, weaknesses, threats, or breaches in Cologix information security to company information security and privacy officers.
Actively participating in Cologix efforts to maintain and improve information security.

 