About our Company:
Based in Denver, Colorado, Cologix is North Americas leading network-neutral interconnection and hyperscale edge data center company. Our platform gives customers access to 40 digital edge and ScalelogixSM hyperscale edge data centers in 11 markets across the United States and Canada along with a carrier-dense ecosystem of 700 networks, 360 cloud providers, 30 onramps and six Internet exchanges.  We provide our nearly 2,000 customers with direct access to our local operations teams, resulting in strong partnerships enabled by exceptional operational support and unparalleled customer service. Backed by one of the largest North American infrastructure funds, Cologixs experienced leadership team, certified staff and commitment to ESG initiatives help form a culture that values our people, our environment and our clients.About the Position:
The Data Center Technician, HVAC will play a critical role in performing skilled mechanical maintenance duties in the inspection, repair, installation and alteration of Data Center heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration systems and related equipment. They will perform preventive maintenance and routine servicing of equipment in all of the Northern Ashburn facilities.  We are looking for an early career specialist who is looking to gain excellent experience in the Data Center Industry with an opportunity to grow with the company as we continue to expand.
What you do daily:

Inspect, repair, modify and install HVAC equipment including refrigeration and air conditioning compressors, receivers, condensers, chillers, water cooling towers, forced air converter units, pumps, automatic and hand valves, expansion valves and capillary tubes.
Conduct regular preventive maintenance inspections of refrigeration units, isolated heating and ventilating units, electrically operated air-conditioning equipment, and make necessary adjustments or repairs.
Repair or replace defective parts in units and equipment and their controls, including thermostats, automatic switches, fan controls, log switches, damper motors, louvers, relays, filters, controls, belts, compressors, heat exchangers, high limit controls, pressure controls, and safety valves.
Operate a variety of hand and power tools, welder torch, vacuum pump, test equipment utilized in the trade and a motor vehicle; maintain equipment in effective and safe working condition; maintain parts and tool inventory
Maintain routine records and prepare reports
Assist co-workers with other tasks as needed.
Responsible for assisting with the cleanliness of the entire facility.

What makes you a good fit: (Qualifications)

5 years of experience in HVAC related work andor educational equivalent
Ability to perform skilled mechanical maintenance duties in the inspection, repair, installation and alteration of district heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration systems and related equipment and facilities
Experience calibrating systems
Knowledge of preventive maintenance and routine servicing of equipment.
Ability to write Method of Procedures (MOPs) for Preventative Maintenance, installation, and repair activities.
Capability to diagnose defects, and install, repair and maintain heating, ventilating, refrigeration, and air-conditioning units
Adept at following oral and written instructions
Ability to follow specified policies and procedures.
Ability to operate specialized machinery, equipment and tools utilized in the repair, installation and maintenance of heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration systems
Effective communicator both orally and in writing
Collaborative team player
Comfortable working independently and with little direction  resourceful
Comfortable working in a fast-paced 247 environment with flexibility to work after-hours and weekends when needed and available for rotating on-call support.
Demonstrated experience meeting schedules and time lines
Must be able to routinely lift objects weighing up to 50 pounds
Autonomous with team spirit
Universal Environmental Protection Agency Certification
Multi-stack Certification
Aaon Controls I and II Certification
Mitsubishi Split System Certification
RTU Certification
Humidifier Certification

 Benefits:
We offer a competitive benefit package for full-time employees that includes:

Medical, dental and vision insurance
Flexible spending account options
Unlimited PTO
Company paid holidays
401k Retirement Plan
Short- and Long-Term Disability

 Individual compensation will be commensurate with the candidates experience. Salary Range50—59 USDNOTE: This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties as assigned to meet the ongoing needs of the organization.
Cologix is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status.  If you need assistance in applying for any of our open positions, please contact us at recruitingcologix.com or call 720-940-2551. 
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) creates privacy rights relating to the collection, sale, disclosure, and deletion of consumers personal information. The CCPA requires businesses to provide consumers, including job applicants and employees, with information about their rights, including a description of the categories of personal information to be collected and the purpose for which the information will be used. For additional information regarding your rights, including a description of the categories of personal information to be collected and the purpose for which the information will be used, please see https:cologix.comprivacy-policy.
Cologix data centers are ISO 27001:2013 certified. ISO 27001:2013 certification and the Cologix portfolio of information security, information privacy and other industry recognized certifications represents our dedication to insuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of company and customer information systems and assets. At Cologix, information security is everyones responsibility. Cologix employees are responsible for:

 Understanding and following Cologix information security, cybersecurity and privacy policies, procedures and standards.
Ensuring conformance to all information security, cybersecurity and privacy policies, procedures, and standards.
Remaining vigilant and reporting any suspicious activity or possible vulnerabilities, weaknesses, threats, or breaches in Cologix information security to company information security and privacy officers.
Actively participating in Cologix efforts to maintain and improve information security.

 