About our Company:
Based in Denver, Colorado, Cologix is North Americas leading network-neutral interconnection and hyperscale edge data center company. Our platform gives customers access to 40 digital edge and ScalelogixSM hyperscale edge data centers in 11 markets across the United States and Canada along with a carrier-dense ecosystem of 700 networks, 360 cloud providers, 30 onramps and six Internet exchanges.  We provide our nearly 2,000 customers with direct access to our local operations teams, resulting in strong partnerships enabled by exceptional operational support and unparalleled customer service. Backed by one of the largest North American infrastructure funds, Cologixs experienced leadership team, certified staff and commitment to ESG initiatives help form a culture that values our people, our environment and our clients.About the Position: 
The Datacenter Technician is responsible for the daily operations and maintenance of the Datacenter. Performs or delegates all tasks associated with the installation, acceptance and maintenance of a variety of Telecommunication equipment. Responsibilities range from installation of cabinets, equipment, and cross-connects, performing remote hands requests, and managing vendor maintenance of all critical infrastructure equipment. Project installation, testing and troubleshooting of Telecommunication infrastructure components including but not limited to Ladder rack, Fiber Guide, MDF, IDF, switches, routers and related cabling.
Qualifications: 

Expert working knowledge of copper (UTP, Cat5e, Cat6, Cat6a) and fiber optic media types, (MMF, SMF, 50 micron, 62.5 micron), industry standards and applications, and use cases (e.g., Ethernet, Fiber Channel, SONET, TDM)
Installs, provisions, tests, and maintains DS0 thru OC12 services, and equipment in support of network and customer requirements. Diagnoses, troubleshoots and repairs customer and network circuits
Install cable runs, patch panels and cross connects. Performs cable lacing as per the Datacenter standards  Significant hands-on experience with the installation of both copper and fiber media types.
Expert working knowledge with cable testing systems to ensure operational integrity
Expert working knowledge of troubleshooting both copper and fiber cable media. (E.g. dB loss, Attenuation, Breaks, Termination Problems, Transmission Characteristics)
Working knowledge of Fluke test equipment  Understanding of network layouts, Cisco hardware and layer 1 topologies
Working knowledge with Data Center Network Hardware (Ethernet, Fiber Channel interfaces)
Working knowledge of pertinent ISO Standards associated with Data Center Cable Infrastructure re including ANSI-942, ANSI-568
Execute customers support requests ranging from server reboot to complex telecommunication equipment troubleshooting and updates order management system
Responsible to lead the troubleshooting process and repairs in case of events or equipment failure providing recommendations to prevent re-occurrence of such events
Monitors and responds to security, environmental, equipment monitoring systems  Takes readings off of equipment (Electrical and Cooling) and maintains the related reports
Manage and track capacity of MMR, MDF, IDF, patch panels and cables
Maintain detailed site documentation of customer cross-connects and power circuits for provisioning
Responsible for cleanliness of data center and common areas
Responsible for maintaining security procedures for site and data center access which includes: staffing the security office working access request cases escorting vendors and customers to and from secure areas
Available for rotating 724 on-call support and shift schedule of 7:00 am - 3:00 pm

Experience:  

BCSI Technician Credential Preferred
Minimum 2-3 years experience in similar critical facilities
High School Diploma
AMP ACT I  ACT II Certified
Electrical certifications a plus
Needs to have functional knowledge of Inside Plant (ISP) disciplines; fiber optic and electrical cabling, labeling and lacing conforming to Telecom industry standards. Strong technical and mechanical background with experience on the latest generation transport gear, critical infrastructure (Generators, HVAC systems, high-voltage electrical systems, DC Power Plants, etc.) found in Telecommunications facilities.
Knowledge of VISIO, MS Office
Analytical troubleshooting
Ability to follow specified policies and procedures
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Comfortable working in a fast paced 247 environment with flexibility to work after-hours and weekends when needed
Autonomous with team spirit
NOTE: This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties as assigned to meet the ongoing needs of the organization.
Cologix is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status.  If you need assistance in applying for any of our open positions, please contact us at recruitingcologix.com or call 720-940-2551. 
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) creates privacy rights relating to the collection, sale, disclosure, and deletion of consumers personal information. The CCPA requires businesses to provide consumers, including job applicants and employees, with information about their rights, including a description of the categories of personal information to be collected and the purpose for which the information will be used. For additional information regarding your rights, including a description of the categories of personal information to be collected and the purpose for which the information will be used, please see https:cologix.comprivacy-policy.
Cologix data centers are ISO 27001:2013 certified. ISO 27001:2013 certification and the Cologix portfolio of information security, information privacy and other industry recognized certifications represents our dedication to insuring the confidentiality, integrity and availability of company and customer information systems and assets. At Cologix, information security is everyones responsibility. Cologix employees are responsible for:

 Understanding and following Cologix information security, cybersecurity and privacy policies, procedures and standards.
Ensuring conformance to all information security, cybersecurity and privacy policies, procedures, and standards.
Remaining vigilant and reporting any suspicious activity or possible vulnerabilities, weaknesses, threats, or breaches in Cologix information security to company information security and privacy officers.
Actively participating in Cologix efforts to maintain and improve information security.

 