About the opportunity
As a Customer Success Manager,  you will work directly with Contentful customers in the Nordics region, to ensure they maximize value from our platform and deliver a stellar customer experience as their trusted advisor. You will help our customers achieve both their technical and business goals while driving retention and growth for Contentful.  You will partner closely with our sales, partner organization, and professional services teams and amplify the voices of the customers internally by driving continuous feedback into our product and customer teams. 
What to expect?

Build and own relationships across a full book of business and embody the trusted advisor role, managing a book of business of around 25-30 enterprise accounts.
Monitor and guide new customers to ensure value expectations are aligned and achieved from the beginning
Understand and advise customers priorities with Contentful, capture and communicate KPIs and outcomes through a defined path to maturity and success
Drive product adoption, customer satisfaction, and overall influence on customer health scores
Lead effective and consistent customer Business Reviews based on the defined Business Review rubric
Flag and proactively mitigate risks within a book of business
Drive the renewal conversations to close with Contentfuls largest and most strategic logos. 
Confidently negotiate pricing and contract terms with procurement teams in the Fortune top 20. 
Close renewals on time and forecast them accurately to leadership weekly
Create and drive customer close plans for renewal
Translate customer insights into actionable feedback for our product and go-to-market teams and follows up on progress and collaboration with PMs
Prepare to travel 25 annually for customer onsite meetings

What you need to be successful?

College  University Degree is highly preferred
5 years of experience in a customer-facing role with renewals experience; Renewals Management, Customer Success Management, or Key Account Management experience.
Demonstrated success in meeting or exceeding sales or performance goals
Ability to think strategically about a customers goals and drive renewal and expansion opportunities to close independently 
Excellent oral and written communication skills: shows excellence in previous customer and internal engagements
Collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams, including sales, product, and support
Ability to understand Contentful APIs, as well as the modern content management and digital experience stack. Independently uses Contentful data tools to engage in meaningful, proactive customer discussions and in some instances, crafts custom queries and reports (in data tools).
Well-developed attention to detail and organization skills ie: follow processes, updating the relevant systems diligently, and make suggestions on improvements where required
Technical proficiency and a keen interest in technology. Ability to communicate high-level technical concepts to customers. 
Demonstrate a commitment to prioritizing customer success and aligning it with company goals

Whats in it for you?

Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences
Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company
We value Work-Life balance and You Time! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for lifes challenges
Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives!
Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness
Enjoy a full range of virtual events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties 
A monthly phoneinternet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years
Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah!

LI-Remote LI-AS2Who are we?
Contentful is the intelligent composable content platform that unlocks all of an organizations digital content to deliver impactful customer experiences, making content a strategic business asset. The Contentful Platform, Contentful Studio, and the Contentful Ecosystem combine the flexibility of composable content with the intelligence of AI, empowering digital teams to drive business momentum through collaboration, speed, and scale. Contentful powers innovative content experiences across brands, regions, and channels for organizations around the world, including nearly 30 of the Fortune 500. Nearly 800 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver and distributed around the world.
Everyone is welcome here!
Everyone is welcome here is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!
If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.
Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reaching out to us at security-eskcontentful.com with any information you may have.
By clicking Apply for this job, I acknowledge that I have read the Contentfuls Candidate Privacy Notice, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.