About the opportunity
The Senior Deal Desk Analyst plays a crucial role in managing complex deal reviews and providing support for revenue growth.. You will be part of the larger team working collaboratively across Field Sales, Commercial Legal, Order Management  Billing, CreditCollections, Accounts Receivable, Technical Revenue Accounting, Finance and other internal teams to enable growth.  You will manage large  complex deal reviews and be a trusted advisor to Account Executives, Account Managers, and various senior field sales management.  We are a highly collaborative team who has a track record of providing outstanding support to the field sales team and other internal teams across the organization to support our companys growth and scaling efforts.
What to expect?

Drive and influence comprehensive deal reviews for large, complex deals
Actively participate in the sales strategy to support revenue objectives
Partner with sales and finance management, legal, order operations, and revenue on recommendations and options for deal structure and deal closure
Advise customer contract negotiations; including pricingdiscount structure, discount recapture  price uplift, renewal terms, and all commercial contract clauses
Maintain current knowledge of product offerings, pricing promotions, and marketcompetitive intelligence
Provide sales guidance on elements of a good deal using competitive insights and historical pricing in similar deals
Develop andor contribute to process improvement and control governance
Actively participate and deliver projects, sales training and related initiatives from management as requested
Provide regular process improvementbest practice input to finance leadership
Own internal activities on key deals (structuring, problem-solving and supportapprovals)

What you need to be successful?

4 years in a deal desk, finance, business analysis, sales ops, andor direct sales role reviewing and analyzing complex deals
2 years of experience working within an Enterprise, SaaS, or technology company.
Excellent communication (verbal and written), strong interpersonal skills and should be comfortable working across geographies
Demonstrate effective communication and negotiation skills in deal analysis and structuring.
Experience in assessing multiple business and financial factors to make complex judgment calls
Ability to work cross-functionally across various business units, adapt quickly and prioritize requests
Proficiency in process documentation, presentation skills, and training development
Proficiency in CRM systems, with a preference for experience in Salesforce, CPQ, and Excel.

Whats in it for you?

Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences
Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company
We value Work-Life balance and You Time! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for lifes challenges
Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives!
Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness
Enjoy a full range of virtual events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties 
A monthly phoneinternet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years
Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah!

LI-Remote Who are we?
Contentful is the intelligent composable content platform that unlocks all of an organizations digital content to deliver impactful customer experiences, making content a strategic business asset. The Contentful Platform, Contentful Studio, and the Contentful Ecosystem combine the flexibility of composable content with the intelligence of AI, empowering digital teams to drive business momentum through collaboration, speed, and scale. Contentful powers innovative content experiences across brands, regions, and channels for organizations around the world, including nearly 30 of the Fortune 500. Nearly 800 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver and distributed around the world.
Everyone is welcome here!
Everyone is welcome here is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!
If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.
Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reaching out to us at security-eskcontentful.com with any information you may have.
By clicking Apply for this job, I acknowledge that I have read the Contentfuls Candidate Privacy Notice, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.