About the opportunity
Contentful is looking for a Global Sales Enablement Director  who will support the companys rapidly growing global Field organization (Sales Development, Account Executive, Solutions Engineering, Partnerships and Client Success) through operational excellence, methodology and process innovation, strong stakeholder management and high energy and impactful  leadership.
We expect you to lead and evolve our onboarding experience,  (soft) skills training, product and competitive awareness, take a leading role in evolving our customerbuyer journey and develop and align a sales methodology to that journey. We expect you  to bring  to life with engaging content and collateral which can be easily consumed and adopted  by our Field organization. Your ultimate aim will be to decrease our ramp time, drive sales productivity, retention growth and  ensure we can hit our pipeline goals.  This role reports to our VP Revenue Operations, Jake Hofwegen, who has founded and enablement at SaaS companies like NetSuite and Yext.
What to expect?

Partner with functions such as Product Management, Marketing, Finance, Business systems and our Field leadership to drive revenue excellence across the Field organization.
Manage a globally distributed enablement team (Denver, Berlin, London and Remote) 
You will take ownership of Field events (RKO, our monthly Field-All calls, in-person Field enablement), Field communications (primary slack, email),  Ongoing learning (product launches, skills development), own our enablement platform and associated enablement  technology, take full ownership our Field onboarding experience and shape our customer journey and associated methodology for the next stage of our existing growth journey here at Contentful.
We are looking for a leader who can, with support of our data and insights team, perform in-depth analysis and insights into key business metrics and align your teams strategy in order to improve those.
We are all builders at Contentful and  operate in a fast-paced environment. You are comfortable working in an organization and industry which continues to evolve and re-invents itself and can handle the expectations that come with working for a late stage start-up.
Take a leading role in (soft) skills assessment and development such as negotiation, discovery and prospecting training and coaching and be able to drive these programs to completion for both ICs as well as managers.

What do you need to be successful?

A minimum of 10 years of experience in sales andor revenue enablement of which  at least 5 years were spent leading and building enablement organizations in a SaaS organization, ideally in the martech or devops space.
Be an excellent relationship builder with the ability to lead, collaborate and strategize  with all functional stakeholders in specifically marketing, product and our Field leadership team.
You have experience and a point of view on bringing to life a Sales Methodology which will work for our Commercial and Enterprise segments and will be able to align that to our customer journey. That includes how CS, Sales, Marketing, and Partnerships collaborate together.
You are a change-oriented leader with a strong bias toward action who values working in an industry and environment which constantly evolves.
Are comfortable with a data-driven approach with proven experience using metrics  insights as tools for informed decision-making and planning.
Have strong experience with  LMS tools, Revenue Intelligence platforms and are comfortable using winloss data in order to shape our enablement roadmap.
An exceptional speaker and coach who is committed to the professional development of an awesome enablement team and you will lead by example. 

Whats in it for you?

Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences
Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company
We value Work-Life balance and You Time! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for lifes challenges
Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives!
Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness
Enjoy a full range of virtual events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties 
A monthly phoneinternet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years
Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah!

New York Salary Statement: The salary range displayed is specifically for those potential hires who will work or reside in the state of New York if selected for the role. Any offered salary is determined based on internal equity, internal salary ranges, market dataranges, applicants skills and prior relevant experience, certain degrees and certifications (e.g. JDtechnology), for example.
New York Salary Range: 238,000 - 245,500 [This position is eligible for equity awards in accordance with the terms of Contentfuls equity plans.]
LI-hybrid LI-KS1Who are we?
Contentful is the intelligent composable content platform that unlocks all of an organizations digital content to deliver impactful customer experiences, making content a strategic business asset. The Contentful Platform, Contentful Studio, and the Contentful Ecosystem combine the flexibility of composable content with the intelligence of AI, empowering digital teams to drive business momentum through collaboration, speed, and scale. Contentful powers innovative content experiences across brands, regions, and channels for organizations around the world, including nearly 30 of the Fortune 500. Nearly 800 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver and distributed around the world.
Everyone is welcome here!
Everyone is welcome here is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!
If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.
Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reaching out to us at security-eskcontentful.com with any information you may have.
By clicking Apply for this job, I acknowledge that I have read the Contentfuls Candidate Privacy Notice, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.