About the opportunity
Contentful is growing faster than ever, and we are looking for a Senior Salesforce Engineer who will join our team and play a key role in the business systems team in charge of our salesforce instance. 
Salesforce is the backbone of our business operations and as a Senior Salesforce Engineer, you will be working with developers and internal stakeholders on developing new and improving existing processes that are audit-proof, while still maintaining a flexible platform.
What to expect?

You will function as SFDC Developer and suggest best-practice solutions to address user requirements
You will be working on the design, configuration, and administration of salesforce organization including but not limited to Apex, Triggers, VisualForce Pages, Lightning Web Components, Flows, Approval Processes
You will develop and maintain custom and packaged integrations
You will provide guidance and best practices to ensure a scalable instance
You will work cross-functionally with other engineering and GTM teams
You will author technical design documentation that fully defines all application code and the underlying methodology for the design decisions made
You will contribute to conducting code reviews to ensure that code quality is at the highest level possible
You will troubleshoot issues, identify problems and provide timely fixes and solutions
You will perform regular reviews on implementation done by less experienced developers and offer feedback and suggestions for improvements
You will collaborate with and provide guidance to junior and mid-level developers of the team and designate tasks to team members in a balanced and effective manner
You are able to independently communicate with both technical teams and business owners as needed during the design and implementation

What you need to be successful

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or relevant subject
5 years of work experience in Salesforce development projects
Salesforce certification as a Platform Developer I is required, and Platform Developer II certification is highly preferred
Excellent knowledge of Salesforce governor limits and how they influence design
Excellent knowledge of Apex, VisualForce, LWC, SOQL, Javascript, OOP concepts
Excellent knowledge of Software Design Principles and Software Development Lifecycle.
Excellent understanding of data structures, data modeling, database schema
Experience in developing and integrating web services
Good knowledge of salesforce security model
Proven ability to solve practical business problems in a high growth environment
Effective communication of ideas, timelines, and requirements with your team
Experience working with Salesforce Service Cloud is a plus
Experience with Agile methodologies is a plus
Experience in software-as-a-service (SaaS) environments is beneficial
Proficient in professional communication in English

Whats in it for you?

Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences
Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company
We value Work-Life balance and You Time! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for lifes challenges
Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives!
Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness
Enjoy a full range of virtual events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties 
A monthly phoneinternet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years
Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah!
 

LI-Remote LI-BR1Who are we?
Contentful is the intelligent composable content platform that unlocks all of an organizations digital content to deliver impactful customer experiences, making content a strategic business asset. The Contentful Platform, Contentful Studio, and the Contentful Ecosystem combine the flexibility of composable content with the intelligence of AI, empowering digital teams to drive business momentum through collaboration, speed, and scale. Contentful powers innovative content experiences across brands, regions, and channels for organizations around the world, including nearly 30 of the Fortune 500. Nearly 800 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver and distributed around the world.
Everyone is welcome here!
Everyone is welcome here is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!
If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.
Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reaching out to us at security-eskcontentful.com with any information you may have.
By clicking Apply for this job, I acknowledge that I have read the Contentfuls Candidate Privacy Notice, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.