About the opportunity
This position is one of the first touch-points that our customers and potential prospects will have with the Contentful brand. This role requires an organized, and motivated individual to research and understand the marketplace as well as how Contentful can help organizations drive digital transformation and best-in-class customer experiences. As a Business Development Representative, you will gain experience interacting with customers of all levels across a variety of industries. You will work closely with assigned Regional Sales Executives and supporting teams to hunt new business.
Part of this unique opportunity includes attending our Contentful training program. This program focuses on developing highly skilled professionals within our organization. This is a multi-step learning and skill development program with hands-on training. The program consists of multiple levels, which gives more responsibility and earning potential.
Please note this is an onsite role; our offices are based in Central Berlin.
What to expect?

Gain in-depth knowledge of customers, industry, Contentfuls solution offerings
Effectively manage campaigns and reach out to new prospects
Lead generation activities including strategic research on LinkedIn, among other hunting tools and outbound prospecting, calling, emailing, and social outreach
Book at least 1 sales appointment per day and input all activities in CRM
Send weekly activity reports to sales leadership
Collaborate with assigned Account Executives, handing off qualified prospects
Educate AEs on the complete qualification meeting details (SLAs)
Successfully meet or exceed opportunity and pipeline targets on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis
Build relationships with decision-makers and key executives in all industries and verticals

What do you need to be successful?

1 years experience in Sales, Lead Generation, Marketing, SaaS experience preferred
Strong team player with a self-starter attitude
Fluent English and German language skills are a must
Multilingual skills are a plus
Enthusiastic, engaging communicator comfortable working with large groups
Excellent demonstrable written and verbal communication skills
A positive attitude with a focus on achieving measurable success. 
Excellent listening skills and coachability
Ability to stay flexible and productive in a fast-changing environment with multiple priorities 

Whats in it for you?

Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences
Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company
We value Work-Life balance and You Time! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for lifes challenges
Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives!
Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness
Enjoy a full range of virtual events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties 
A monthly phoneinternet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years
Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah!

 LI-KT1Who are we?
Contentful is the intelligent composable content platform that unlocks all of an organizations digital content to deliver impactful customer experiences, making content a strategic business asset. The Contentful Platform, Contentful Studio, and the Contentful Ecosystem combine the flexibility of composable content with the intelligence of AI, empowering digital teams to drive business momentum through collaboration, speed, and scale. Contentful powers innovative content experiences across brands, regions, and channels for organizations around the world, including nearly 30 of the Fortune 500. Nearly 800 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver and distributed around the world.
Everyone is welcome here!
Everyone is welcome here is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!
If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.
Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reaching out to us at security-eskcontentful.com with any information you may have.
By clicking Apply for this job, I acknowledge that I have read the Contentfuls Candidate Privacy Notice, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.