
About the opportunity
As an Enterprise Account Executive - France, youll drive Contentfuls growth by spearheading the end-to-end sales process from prospecting to close. Youll be instrumental in driving net new revenue and uncovering upsell opportunities with existing and new Customers. Youll drive Customer enablement initiatives and follow a consultative sales process by speaking the language of both professional developers and business leaders. Working in partnership with our Customer Experience and Marketing teams, youll foster and grow a regional Customer base.
What to expect?

Work with our cross-functional sales team to help drive new and existing Customers to different Contentful capabilities. 
Position, negotiate, and close expansion opportunities with existing customers.
Meet quarterly and annual sales goals by developing an account strategy and pipeline, overseeing internal and client processes, maintaining sales reports, developing market and competitor knowledge, delivering presentations to Customers, and creating sales proposals.
Collaborate with BDR to identify potential customers, qualify leads 
Prospect and develop new business opportunities across a dedicated territory. Conduct research, identify key players, and qualify inbound leads to drive new business relationships. Then sustain value-add relationships with key decision makers by becoming a trusted advisor.
Oversee RFIRFQ requests with Contentful internal and Customer teams.
Refine and evolve our land-and-expand model in collaboration with Sales, Partnerships, Marketing, and Customer Experience teams.
Seek to identify the digital experience problems of prospects and customers while aligning the ROI of Contentful with those difficulties to ensure a value based selling approach.
Work closely with Solution Engineers to uncover technical problems and opportunities.
Develop proposals, position complex pricing structures and negotiate contracts and deal-closing requirements efficiently. 
Work closely with Customer experience  marketing teams to ensure that best practices of Contentful are shared and implemented at the respective Customers.

What you need to be successful?

4 years of experience selling a technical platform 
4 years of quota carrying experience
Working knowledge of selling and positioning to customers a technical SaaS andor PaaS platform
2 years of growing and expanding existing customer accounts in a SaaS andor PaaS environment 
Demonstrated knowledge of how to sell transactions of 150k to organizations with 1b in revenue

Nice to have:

Previous CMS (content management system) experience

Whats in it for you?

Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences
Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company
We value Work-Life balance and You Time! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for lifes challenges
Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives!
Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness
Enjoy a full range of virtual events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties 
A monthly phoneinternet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years
Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah!
Who are we?
Contentful is the intelligent composable content platform that unlocks all of an organizations digital content to deliver impactful customer experiences, making content a strategic business asset. The Contentful Platform, Contentful Studio, and the Contentful Ecosystem combine the flexibility of composable content with the intelligence of AI, empowering digital teams to drive business momentum through collaboration, speed, and scale. Contentful powers innovative content experiences across brands, regions, and channels for organizations around the world, including nearly 30 of the Fortune 500. Nearly 800 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver and distributed around the world.
Everyone is welcome here!
Everyone is welcome here is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!
If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.
Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reaching out to us at security-eskcontentful.com with any information you may have.
By clicking Apply for this job, I acknowledge that I have read the Contentfuls Candidate Privacy Notice, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.