About the opportunity
As our customer base is growing at a fast pace, Contentful is seeking a product leader to join our Content Platform product line as a Group Product Manager.
In this role, you will own the vision, strategy, and execution of our platform strategy around the ability to enable Contentful to be at the center of our customers content universe by connecting content across Contentful spaces and external systems. This will enable customers to effortlessly discover, understand, leverage, enrich, and deliver their content wherever it lives as easily as if it were local to Contentful.  You will facilitate productive partnerships with a high degree of ownership for critical features, user experiences, and business outcomes. 
If you are a leader passionate about shaping the future of headless content management and how teams develop and collaborate to move work forward - come and be a part of our amazing journey - come and be a part of our amazing journey! Youll work closely with engineering, design, and product marketing to realize the vision and deliver engaging experiences for every team. In addition, you will lead and grow a team of exceptional Product Managers.
What to expect?

Youre responsible for the success of our Content Platform and work closely with senior leadership to ensure that delivered opportunities meet the expected outcome.
You define and execute against quarterly group objectives  key results (OKRs) in line with the 3-year strategy and the rolling 5-quarter plan. 
You clearly articulate your groups strategy, ensuring alignment  consistency with the overall business and product strategies across product lines and across the triad.
You help to establish scope and success criteria for opportunities and work together with Product Managers inside cross-functional teams to identify key trade-offs and decisions to be made.
You coordinate closely with peers across the triad in adjacent groups to prioritize and balance both short-term priorities and longer-term strategic needs.
You proactively manage relationships with internal stakeholders, including Sales, Ecosystem, Customer Success, Data, Pricing and Packaging and Product Marketing.
You lead, coach, and inspire a growing team of Product Managers to support them in their professional growth and performance
You contribute to a PM culture that shares user insights, learnings, and research findings early, often, and well.

What do you need to be successful?

You have experience in content orchestration and related areas in a Software-as-a-Service company, understanding both technical and business aspects.
Youre an experienced platform product leader around relevant customer needs and market  technology trends to set the 3-year vision and strategy for your group.
Youve been accountable for driving large-scale platform initiatives across multiple projects and teams for enterprise product offerings
You have experience managing Product Managers, in a formal supervisor role 
Youve successfully coached or mentored experienced Product Managers to develop talent and establish a learning culture 
Youve created a product vision and strategy, gotten leadership buy-in, and executed on the strategy by leading multiple teams to deliver in an agile environment
You can effectively manage both hands-on product management tasks and higher-level organizational challenges.
You work, and inspire others to work, in a structured way to solve customer problems and develop the solutions that deliver the biggest results with the least inefficiency.
You have strong interpersonal skills, fostering collaboration and consensus across various roles, organizational levels, and personalities.
Your written, visual, and verbal communication is clear, concise, and convincing
You are proactive and innovative, self-driven, and capable of working autonomously without strong oversight or direction

Preferred qualification:

Knowledge in taxonomies and content organization
Experience with search and retrieval engines
Experience working with AI to help determine how the customers jobs to be done will be impacted in this area is a bonus

Whats in it for you?

Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences
Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company
We value Work-Life balance and You Time! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for lifes challenges
Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives!
Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness
Enjoy a full range of virtual events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties 
A monthly phoneinternet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years
Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah!

LI-Remote LI-SB1Who are we?
Contentful is the intelligent composable content platform that unlocks all of an organizations digital content to deliver impactful customer experiences, making content a strategic business asset. The Contentful Platform, Contentful Studio, and the Contentful Ecosystem combine the flexibility of composable content with the intelligence of AI, empowering digital teams to drive business momentum through collaboration, speed, and scale. Contentful powers innovative content experiences across brands, regions, and channels for organizations around the world, including nearly 30 of the Fortune 500. Nearly 800 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver and distributed around the world.
Everyone is welcome here!
Everyone is welcome here is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!
If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.
Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reaching out to us at security-eskcontentful.com with any information you may have.
By clicking Apply for this job, I acknowledge that I have read the Contentfuls Candidate Privacy Notice, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.