About the opportunity
Contentful is an innovative, high-growth, customer-focused company in a large and growing market. We are seeking a Senior Counsel - Employment (EMEA) (fmd) to join our growing international Legal Team. Leading the employment law function across the EMEA region, this position will apply Contentfuls business goals, culture, and values to regional and country employment law issues.  Serving as a significant influencer, this role will synthesize legal rules, statutory developments, and outside counselconsultant feedback to assess and recommend a strategic approach aligned to an established legal risk profile.
The EMEA Senior Employment Counsel will be part of the global Legal Team as well as an instrumental colleague of the People team.
This role will serve as the primary legal advisor on employment law-related issues and consultant and investigator on escalated employee relations (ER) matters across our EMEA employee population. This position will also help establish employment law-related considerations while leading the more complicated, high-risk ER matters. This role will report to the VP  Deputy General Counsel, Corporate.
What to expect?

Provide practical daily employment law advice on various employment issues relating to recruiting, hiring, training, performance management, conduct issues, compensation, benefits, terminations, and inclusion and diversity programs across multiple jurisdictions in EMEA.
Manage internal dispute resolution and employment-related litigation.
Manage outside counsel handling employment and non-employment litigation, including managing budgets, directing litigation strategy, and reviewing pleadings and other documents.
Advise on Works Council and other employee administrative interactions and organizational matters and, in partnership with VP People, be a primary point person and manage the process for engagement with the Works Council and other organizations.
Assist the People Team and the Talent Acquisition team on all matters relating to the employer of record and professional employer organizations.
Oversee the work of external counsel on Works Council, litigation, and employment matters and requests for discrete advice and project work as needed.
Oversee and advise on expansion and mobility matters.
Support our People Team, focusing on collaborating with key stakeholders to build and improve People processes and policies.
Serve as an escalation point for regional HRBPs regarding performance management, accommodations, leaves of absence, wage and hour issues, and incentive compensation.
Lead internal investigations, in consultation with the People team andor other internal partners, draft investigation reports, and provide sound recommendations to the business on the resolution of escalated ER cases.
Support, review, and implement company-wide ethics compliance-related policies, procedures, and controls; adjust policies and procedures to reflect the latest developments globally.
Partner with internal stakeholders to determine strategy and approach on employment-related policies, guidelines, and processes with an approach that balances pragmatism, risk, and compliance, consistent with Contentful culture and values.
Draft and revise employment-related templates (including offer letters, employment agreements, settlement, and separation agreements), employee handbooks, and work rules.
Monitor legal and legislative developments to help ensure compliance with international, federal, and local employment laws.
Continuously seek out, and incorporate, as appropriate, employment and compliance-related industry best practices and learnings.
Support merger and acquisition transactions and related integration of employees.
Work on cross-functional projects and initiatives across our different business areas internationally.
Assist in designing and leading training events on employment law and compliance-related matters.
We are an international team; frequent meetings with colleagues based in North America Occasional international travel may be requested in addition to partnering with senior stakeholders from other time zones will have an opportunity to work with senior stakeholders based in other time zones

What do you need to be successful?

Qualified lawyer in at least one EMEA jurisdiction
6 years of multi-jurisdiction employment law experience, including 2 years in-house in an international, fast-growing company
Experience advising on employment and labor law matters in one or more of Germany, the U.K., Ireland, the Netherlands, or Denmark
Demonstrated creative, business-minded approaches to managing legal risks and resolving disputes utilizing legal and non-legal skills, both at a geocountry level and more tactically
Strong verbal and written skills  specifically, able to synthesize legal information into relevant details based on the audience and present succinctly and coherently verbally or in writing
Experience advising on works council matters and managing employment litigation, appeals tribunals, agency investigations, andor negotiating separation agreements
Independent, self-starter, highly responsive and positive, service-oriented attitude
Strong investigative, coaching, and conflict-resolution skills 
Comfortable and thrives in a fast-paced, complex, dynamic environment across different time zones and cultures where multitasking and prioritizing are required
Demonstrated integrity and commitment to the highest ethical standards while working on a wide range of sensitive and confidential issues
Fluency in English (verbally and in writing). Additional European language skills with the ability to draft and negotiate in both languages would be advantageous

Whats in it for you?

Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences
Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company
We value Work-Life balance and You Time! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for lifes challenges
Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives!
Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness
Enjoy a full range of virtual events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties 
A monthly phoneinternet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years
Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah!

LI-RemoteWho are we?
Contentful is the intelligent composable content platform that unlocks all of an organizations digital content to deliver impactful customer experiences, making content a strategic business asset. The Contentful Platform, Contentful Studio, and the Contentful Ecosystem combine the flexibility of composable content with the intelligence of AI, empowering digital teams to drive business momentum through collaboration, speed, and scale. Contentful powers innovative content experiences across brands, regions, and channels for organizations around the world, including nearly 30 of the Fortune 500. Nearly 800 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver and distributed around the world.
Everyone is welcome here!
Everyone is welcome here is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!
If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.
Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reaching out to us at security-eskcontentful.com with any information you may have.
By clicking Apply for this job, I acknowledge that I have read the Contentfuls Candidate Privacy Notice, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.