About the opportunity
As a Commercial Account Executive - Emerging Markets (fmd), youll drive Contentfuls growth by leading the end-to-end sales process with our top-tier clients. Youll be instrumental in driving adoption and engagement, finding new revenue opportunities, and creating customer enablement initiatives within a few named accounts.  Youll work closely with our partnership and customer success team to lead a consultative sales process by speaking to professional developers and business leaders in the Middle East, Africa, and Asian markets. This role will require you to be in our Central London office 2 or 3 times a week.
What to expect?

Self-generation of the pipeline through outbound motions in conjunction with marketing and BDR teams to help create new opportunities in regional accounts
Drive expansion opportunities with existing clients in the Middle East, Africa, and Asia territory.
Grow existing accounts by leveraging relationships and following our comprehensive land and expand sales model
Meet quarterly and annual sales goals by developing an account strategy and pipeline, managing internal and client processes, maintaining sales reports, developing market and competitor knowledge, delivering presentations to customers, and creating sales proposals
Manage RFIRFQ requests with Contentful internal and customer teams
Refine and evolve our land-and-expand model in collaboration with Sales, Partnerships, and Customer Success teams
Seek to understand the digital experience challenges of prospects and clients while aligning the ROI of Contentful with those challenges to ensure a value-based selling approach
Work closely with Sales Engineers and Solution Architects to uncover technical challenges and opportunities
Develop innovative proposals, position complex pricing structures, and negotiate contracts and deal-closing requirements quickly and efficiently
Work closely with customer success  marketing teams to ensure that best practices of Contentful are shared and implemented at the respective customer
The expected start date for this role is 1st February 2024

What do you need to be successful?

3 years of experience selling a technical platform working as a Sales Development Representative (SDR), Business Development Representative (BDR), andor Account Executive
1 years of individual quota-carrying experience
1 years of growing and expanding existing customer accounts 
Demonstrated expertise in closing 60-100k opportunities
Ability to drive your own pipeline generation with outbound capabilities

 Nice to have:

Experience working with Partner ecosystems to work with customers.
Understanding and experience working in product-led growth sales motions
 Fluent Arabic language skills

Whats in it for you?

Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences
Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company
We value Work-Life balance and You Time! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for lifes challenges
Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives!
Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness
Enjoy a full range of virtual events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties 
A monthly phoneinternet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years
Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah!

LI-Onsite LI-MM3Who are we?
Contentful is the intelligent composable content platform that unlocks all of an organizations digital content to deliver impactful customer experiences, making content a strategic business asset. The Contentful Platform, Contentful Studio, and the Contentful Ecosystem combine the flexibility of composable content with the intelligence of AI, empowering digital teams to drive business momentum through collaboration, speed, and scale. Contentful powers innovative content experiences across brands, regions, and channels for organizations around the world, including nearly 30 of the Fortune 500. Nearly 800 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver and distributed around the world.
Everyone is welcome here!
Everyone is welcome here is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!
If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.
Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reaching out to us at security-eskcontentful.com with any information you may have.
By clicking Apply for this job, I acknowledge that I have read the Contentfuls Candidate Privacy Notice, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.