About the opportunity
Contentful is a content management system (CMS) that enables enterprises to publish content across multiple channels with speed and agility. Our platform provides developers and content creators with the tools they need to manage and deliver digital content, from websites and mobile apps to smart devices and digital signage. 
We are looking for creative and innovative Frontend and Fullstack Software Engineers to help us build new products for Contentful. As a member of a growing product development team based in Denver, youll work closely with other highly-skilled engineers, designers and product managers to discover, build, iterate and launch new capabilities and new products. As Contentful grows and expands its reach, well explore solving new problems and addressing the needs of an expanded set of customer types. This means working in a more uncertain environment, where we adopt a hypothesis-driven approach, iterate rapidly, learn from customer feedback, and try to find product-market fit. The ideal candidates value progress over perfection, love being heavily involved in customer discovery, are comfortable iterating quickly, and are also mindful of technical feasibility and long-term architectural concerns.
This is an opportunity to have a big impact as we form new product development teams in the US and expand our footprint. We are only scratching the surface of our full potential. This means you have an incredible opportunity to join us on this journey to do meaningful, challenging work while growing your career.
What to expect?

Build software features for early-stage new products
Collaborate with members of Engineering, Product and Design in the product discovery process
Explore innovative approaches and architectures
Provide subject matter expertise on frontend frameworks, tools and technologies
Drive technical implementation and support other engineers

What you need to be successful?

2-3 years of experience as a software engineer
Focus on frontend or fullstack development and experience building dynamic web applications, not just static websites
First-hand experience building early-stage new products, either at a startup or innovation team
Deep and up-to-date understanding of front-end frameworks, languages, approaches and tools
Strong technical experience with JavaScript, TypeScript and React
Hands-on experience with GraphQL, Node, REST APIs and other fullstack tech a plus
Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to make data-informed decisions in situations with high uncertainty
A passion for learning and experimentation 
A creative, entrepreneurial mindset and a burning desire to build and deliver valuable products to customers

Whats in it for you?

Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences
Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company
We value Work-Life balance and You Time! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for lifes challenges
Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives!
Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness
Enjoy a full range of virtual events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties 
A monthly phoneinternet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years
Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah!

Colorado Salary Statement: The salary range displayed is specifically for those potential hires who will work or reside in the state of Colorado if selected for the role. Any offered salary is determined based on internal equity, internal salary ranges, market dataranges, applicants skills and prior relevant experience, certain degrees and certifications (e.g. JDtechnology), for example.
Colorado Salary Range: 127,000 - 181,000[This position is eligible for equity awards in accordance with the terms of Contentfuls equity plans.]
LI-Hybrid LI-JE1Who are we?
Contentful is the intelligent composable content platform that unlocks all of an organizations digital content to deliver impactful customer experiences, making content a strategic business asset. The Contentful Platform, Contentful Studio, and the Contentful Ecosystem combine the flexibility of composable content with the intelligence of AI, empowering digital teams to drive business momentum through collaboration, speed, and scale. Contentful powers innovative content experiences across brands, regions, and channels for organizations around the world, including nearly 30 of the Fortune 500. Nearly 800 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver and distributed around the world.
Everyone is welcome here!
Everyone is welcome here is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!
If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.
Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reaching out to us at security-eskcontentful.com with any information you may have.
By clicking Apply for this job, I acknowledge that I have read the Contentfuls Candidate Privacy Notice, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.