About the opportunity
This role is a unique opportunity to contribute in a meaningful way to high-visibility, high-impact projects at a very exciting time for the company. Contentful is an innovative, high-growth, customer-focused company in a large and growing market. If you are a collaborative, energetic, self-managed professional with deep experience negotiating enterprise SaaS deals in a fast-paced environment, we would love to hear from you!
The successful candidate will have the opportunity to make an impact as we ramp to support Contentfuls rapidly expanding business. A significant part of the job will consist of reviewing, negotiating, and drafting agreements for sales transactions and supporting Contentfuls worldwide sales, customer experience, partnerships, and marketing,  as well as supporting procurement across the company and new product expansion. This individual must be a self-motivated, solution-oriented team player with the ability to take a leadership role in identifying and resolving legal issues, drafting and negotiating contracts, and balancing legal and business concerns. Experience with issues pertaining to SaaS, data privacy, and cloud computing, including sales and support of products, procurement of tools and services, reseller and managed service provider programs, IP, commercial law, and revenue recognition is required. Candidates should work well in a fast-paced, challenging environment as part of a dynamic team of professionals and have the ability to communicate effectively in group settings and before senior management. This role will report directly to the VP, Deputy General Counsel, Go-To-Market.
What to expect?

Work closely with the sales, customer experience, and partnerships teams on top strategic enterprise transactions that drive the companys revenues
Structure, negotiate, and close complex SaaS and commercial transactional agreements with a focus on outbound global agreements with enterprise customers and partners, such as master SaaS agreements, enterprise purchasing agreements, support agreements, data privacy agreements, partnership agreements, and reseller and managed service provider agreements
Review and negotiate inbound vendor agreements 
As bandwidth permits, handle other issues and projects that arise in growing in-house legal departments
Manage and prioritize multiple deals and agreements
Develop and maintain strong working relationships with the field organization, deal desk, revenue operations, and other cross-functional internal stakeholders
Develop and deliver playbooks, training, and other enablement assets on legal issues and contract processes

What you need to be successful?

Juris Doctor Degree required from an ABA-accredited law school
10-15 years of SaaS and commercial technology transactions experience, preferably in-house with a successful, high-growth enterprise SaaS company
Excellent negotiation skills with large enterprise companies and public sector
Strong experience scaling sales and legal processes and policies for a rapidly growing organization
Knowledge of worldwide data privacy regulations
Exceptional tech savvy, organizational, project management, and prioritization skills
Collaborative, highly responsive, and service-oriented attitude
The ability to foster innovation and out of the box thinking
The ability to execute strategically and tactically 
Outstanding written and oral communication skills
The ability to work with a wide variety of people, at all levels in the organization, in a fast-paced environment
Demonstrated commitment and alignment with our Contentful values

Whats in it for you?

Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences
Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company
We value Work-Life balance and You Time! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for lifes challenges
Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives!
Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness
Enjoy a full range of virtual events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties 
A monthly phoneinternet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years
Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah!

Colorado Salary Statement: The salary range displayed is specifically for those potential hires who will work or reside in the state of Colorado if selected for the role. Any offered salary is determined based on internal equity, internal salary ranges, market dataranges, applicants skills and prior relevant experience, certain degrees and certifications (e.g. JDtechnology), for example.
Colorado Salary Range: 204,000 - 220,000[This position is eligible for equity awards in accordance with the terms of Contentfuls equity plans.]
LI-Remote LI-SD1Who are we?
Contentful is the intelligent composable content platform that unlocks all of an organizations digital content to deliver impactful customer experiences, making content a strategic business asset. The Contentful Platform, Contentful Studio, and the Contentful Ecosystem combine the flexibility of composable content with the intelligence of AI, empowering digital teams to drive business momentum through collaboration, speed, and scale. Contentful powers innovative content experiences across brands, regions, and channels for organizations around the world, including nearly 30 of the Fortune 500. Nearly 800 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver and distributed around the world.
Everyone is welcome here!
Everyone is welcome here is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!
If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.
Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reaching out to us at security-eskcontentful.com with any information you may have.
By clicking Apply for this job, I acknowledge that I have read the Contentfuls Candidate Privacy Notice, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.