Role: Account Manager
Reporting Into: Head of Growth 
Salary: 80k - 85k base  20 commission at on-target earnings (96k -102k total at target, uncapped commission) 
Marketing is transforming, and content is at the core of the transformation. Thats why Contently is committed to bringing the timeless art of storytelling into the digital age. By integrating cutting-edge software, trained creative talent, and best-in-class professional services into one holistic solution, Contently helps the worlds best brands tell great stories.
Contently is seeking a highly motivated Account Manager who will own and grow a portfolio of software subscribed enterprise customer accounts. As a member of the Customer Success team, you will be responsible for renewing, upselling, and expanding your book of business. Youll do this by developing a deep understanding of your customers challenges, increasing adoption of Contentlys platform and by selling solutions that help customers scale their content marketing programs. 
What do we look for in a team member? You show your empathy by helping your client succeed, by delivering candid feedback that helps your peers grow, and by engaging in group brainstorms, share-outs, and reflections. Youre curious; you have a mind for data but are more interested in the story data tells. And finally, youre accountable—for your clients, for your revenue targets, and for your teams success. 
What Youll Do

Consistently grow and preserve revenue across existing clients - at or above revenue quota
Educate enterprise brand clients on the benefits of Contentlys content marketing platform and services model
Build account plans and scale winning go-to-market strategies to deepen relationships and uncover new opportunities 
Ensure high client retention rates are achieved 
Customer point of contact for Fortune500 brands
Ownership of upsell opportunities within existing lines of business
Obsessively develop and deepen new and existing relationships 
Execution of commercial activities to include legal and contractual
Manages renewal and new contract (expansion) cycles of customers along with associated renewal forecasting
Proactively identify and penetrate new lines of business
Preparation and attendance at key client meetings such as performance reviews, platform training sessions, etc. 

Who You Are

3-5 years experience in Account Management or Customer Success, ideally within a SaaS company servicing enterprise level accounts
You like fostering and developing relationships for growth through consultative, relationship building engagements 
Positive team player with solution-forward, entrepreneurial, sales-oriented mindset
Youre well versed in value selling and have a proven track record of growing revenue across an existing client portfolio
You relish the idea of being introduced to new accounts and handle transitions like a pro - the client barely feels a bump in the road when youre on the case
Appetite to learn and discuss content trends, the latest technology, and content strategy 
You are a relationship manager with the ability to gain trust through communication, expectation setting, and completion of planned deliverables
You know just how to push back on clients to ensure theyre getting what they need (not just what they think they want!)
Youre a secret project manager (always organized!) and can prioritize multiple responsibilities and balance client deliverables and internal obligations
Always thinking of innovative ways to improvegrow assigned clients (were open to being wacky from time to time!)
Youre comfortable presenting at all levels including C-level and decision makers and understand buyer personas in an enterprise sales cycle
You are passionate about measurement, data and analytics and know how to build a narrative from a clients perspective using those as your building blocks 
You are known for your tremendous work ethic, laser focus, passion, and commitment
You enjoy learning technology, but can translate that into value for clientsprospects

 
What We Value

High-performing leaders who have a solution mindset and dig into problems and opportunities with fervor and enthusiasm
People who actively participate at all levels of building the business, not afraid to advocate for recommended solutions and promote 
Humility and accountability; focused on the right solution, collaboration, and empowering their employees
We heavily emphasize an environment of teaching and learning to equip employees with the tools needed to be successful in their function and the company
Async and fluid work environment through family friendly policies, remote benefits and flexible time off
We strongly believe in the value of growing a diverse team and encourage people of all backgrounds, genders, ethnicities, abilities, and sexual orientations to apply

About the Company
Contently is a leader in the content marketing space as the industrys only end to end solution for the problems facing todays marketers. We are a software company whose full stack platform has hundreds of applications. This includes our data-driven content strategy and network of 160,000 award-winning content creators, which empowers you to build meaningful relationships with your customers.
Working at Contently means that you will be collaborating with extremely intelligent, creative, and diverse problem-solvers who love a good story and many laughs. Contently employees receive the best perks out there  great benefits including a 401k plan, ContentlyYOU Wellness Stipend, Wellness Fridays and a flexible vacation policy.
Contently is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, genetic information, national origin, ancestry, medical condition, disability, marital status, caregiver status, pregnancy, citizenship, age, military or veteran status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
 