About the opportunity
Are you a motivated, people-focused technical manager that is passionate about tackling big challenges? Do you have an entrepreneurial mindset, enjoy building new products, and have a talent for growing people and teams? If so, read on. This opportunity at Contentful just might be for you.
We are looking for a motivated and experienced engineering manager to grow and manage teams that will discover and build new products for Contentful. As a key member of the product development team, youll be responsible for hiring and actively managing software engineers, working closely with Product and Design leaders to build an ambitious roadmap, organizing the teams work and project delivery timelines, and building a high-performing team culture. The ideal candidate for this role will need to be a champion for iterative software development, and skilled at bringing organization to projects with uncertainty as we discover the right features to build for customers and bring an ambitious new product to market.
This is an opportunity to have a big impact as we form new product development teams in the US and expand our footprint. We are only scratching the surface of our full potential. This means you have an incredible opportunity to join us on this journey to do meaningful, challenging work while growing your career.
What to expect?

Hire, lead and manage 1-2 teams of software engineers focused on new product development
Establish team practices and culture in service of forming high-performing teams
Partner closely with Product Management and Design to define and deliver our strategic roadmap 
Be an outspoken champion for iterative, rapid, customer-driven product development
Build a team culture of innovation, collaboration, inclusivity, and respect
Collaborate with other Product Development teams in the US and Europe
Instill a spirit of continuous improvement in the teams code, architecture, and process
Mentor and guide the professional and technical development of your team members
Obsess about software delivery, enabling your team to continuously deliver value to our customers

What do you need to be successful?

5 years of experience leading and managing teams of software engineers 
An in-depth, proven software engineering background that allows you to quickly establish credibility with talented engineers
Strong organizational and project management skills
First-hand experience with teams building early-stage new products, either at a startup or innovation team
A good understanding of modern web application and front-end technologies
Ability to make data-informed decisions in situations with high uncertainty
A passion for learning and experimentation 
A creative, entrepreneurial mindset and a burning desire to build and deliver valuable products to customers
Experience recruiting, hiring and onboarding exceptional engineering talent
A passion for mentoring, coaching and enabling growth and development 
Excellent communication skills and ability to cultivate empathy and openness toward people from all over the globe

Whats in it for you?

Join an ambitious tech company reshaping the way people build digital experiences
Full-time employees receive Stock Options for the opportunity to share ownership and the success of our company
We value Work-Life balance and You Time! A generous amount of paid time off, including vacation days, education days, and volunteer days
Access to our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) for information, support, discussion, and counseling for lifes challenges
Use your personal education budget to improve your skills and grow in your career. Join a free German class or one of our many internal learning initiatives!
Use your physical fitness budget to get away from your desk and support your physical wellness
Enjoy a full range of virtual and in person events, including workshops, guest speakers, and fun team activities, supporting learning and networking exchange beyond the usual work duties 
A monthly phoneinternet stipend and phone upgrade reimbursement after 2 years
Plus, Contentful socks! And other amazing swag as part of company events. Oh yeah!

Colorado Salary Statement: The salary range displayed is specifically for those potential hires who will work or reside in the state of Colorado if selected for the role. Any offered salary is determined based on internal equity, internal salary ranges, market dataranges, applicants skills and prior relevant experience, certain degrees and certifications (e.g. JDtechnology), for example.
(Non-revenue based roles in CO)
Colorado Salary Range: 206,000 - 226,000[This position is eligible for equity awards in accordance with the terms of Contentfuls equity plans.]
LI-Remote LI-JE1Who are we?
Contentful is the intelligent composable content platform that unlocks all of an organizations digital content to deliver impactful customer experiences, making content a strategic business asset. The Contentful Platform, Contentful Studio, and the Contentful Ecosystem combine the flexibility of composable content with the intelligence of AI, empowering digital teams to drive business momentum through collaboration, speed, and scale. Contentful powers innovative content experiences across brands, regions, and channels for organizations around the world, including nearly 30 of the Fortune 500. Nearly 800 people from more than 70 nations contribute their energy and creativity to Contentful, working from hubs in Berlin, Denver and distributed around the world.
Everyone is welcome here!
Everyone is welcome here is a celebrated component of our culture. At Contentful, we strive to create an inclusive environment that empowers our employees. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, age, physical [dis]ability, or length of time spent unemployed. We invite you to apply and join us!
If you need reasonable accommodations at any point during the application or interview process, please let your recruiting coordinator know.
Please be aware of scammers who may fraudulently allege to be from Contentful. These types of fraud can be carried out through copycat websites, fake email addresses claiming to be from our company, or social media. We do not ask for your personal information such as bank account numbers, identification numbers, etc through social media or chat-based apps, nor do we request or send money for the purchase of business equipment. If you suspect fraud, please report it to your local authorities, as well as reaching out to us at security-eskcontentful.com with any information you may have.
By clicking Apply for this job, I acknowledge that I have read the Contentfuls Candidate Privacy Notice, and hereby consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of my personal information as described therein.