Are you ready to fight climate change? We just raised a 30 million Series B from Coatue (early backer of Apple, Tesla, and Rivian) and actor Robert Downey Jr (aka Iron Man). Did you know buildings contribute to over 40 of the global carbon emissions? Our web-based SaaS toolset, helps design teams rapidly decarbonate the building design process by automating energy, daylight, glare, cost, and more with machine learning. Last year we offset enough carbon to save 171,000 lives and 5x more carbon than Tesla. Join our fast-growing team to help save the planet!Who You Are:  You are someone who enjoys a dynamic growth environment and wants to use your sales skills in a way that positively impacts environmental change while building an amazing culture and company. 
Who We Are: Were willing to rethink everything to get buildings to net-zero carbon. We think differently and holistically about the Architecture, Engineering, and Construction space. We use science, care about others, and speak the truth about climate action. 
Essential Duties 

Ability to run multithreaded enterprise sales cycles while identifying and decision makers, influencers and stakeholders across the organization. 
Generate qualified funnel through outbound calling, email campaigns, in collaboration with Marketing and Customer Success. 
Collaborate with Cove Tool internal stakeholders, including the executive team, to create compelling narratives for your customers and prospects. 
Monitor inbound and outbound channels effectively to achieve quotas 
Build a 3x pipeline using strategic account development and nurturing existing deals in the sales cycle. 
Manage the end-to-end sales cycle including renewals, expansion sales, reengaging churned users and acquiring new logos. 
Achieve individual and team KPIs and sales targets 
Update and manage your territory in the CRM on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis.  

Must Haves 

5-7 year sales experience 
Proven performance against quota. 
Experience managing high end enterprise sales cycles 
Tech-savvy self-starter; you will need the drive to proactively learn new skillstools 
Able to multitask and balance individual and team priorities 
High degree of accountability 
Familiarity with SaaS sales 
Curiosity to learn new things 
Comfort in a fast-paced, dynamic growth environment 

Nice to haves 

Bachelors degree in business (finance, marketing, entrepreneurship, economics, or strategic management) 
Familiarity with CRM tools—specifically with Hubspot—a plus 
Sales Methodology Training 
Domain knowledge in AEC 

Ramp Time and Typical Questions 

Current ramp time is 2-3 months 
Extensive training provided 
Reps typically get on the phone in 2 weeks 
Extensive mentorship from experienced senior leaders 
Technical support and demonstrations from the product team to help the close sale 
Whats In It for You:

100 Employer Paid Health insurance
Vision and Dental benefits
Employer-paid public transit pass and biking stipend
Competitive Pay
Work-Life Balance
Onsite Gym membership
Hybrid Work
Paid time off and holidays
Snacks, beer, team events

Cove.tool is proud to recruit and hire talented people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or transgender status), age, or disability.