Are you ready to fight climate change? We just raised a 30 million Series B from Coatue (early backer of Apple, Tesla, and Rivian) and actor Robert Downey Jr (aka Iron Man). Did you know buildings contribute to over 40 of the global carbon emissions? Our web-based SaaS toolset, helps design teams rapidly decarbonate the building design process by automating energy, daylight, glare, cost, and more with machine learning. Last year we offset enough carbon to save 171,000 lives and 5x more carbon than Tesla. Join our fast-growing team to help save the planet!Who You Are 
As a Senior Software Engineer at cove.tool, you will play a pivotal role in delivering high quality technical solutions. This position will require deep technical knowledge, an ability to communicate complex ideas effectively, and a proactive mindset. You will collaborate with the team to deliver features and recommend process improvements. 
Who We Are: Were willing to rethink everything to get buildings to net-zero carbon. We think differently and holistically about the Architecture, Engineering, and Construction space. We use science, care about others, and speak the truth about climate action. 
 
Responsibilities    

Build backend features in a scalable fashion 
Own features from start to finish   
Work both independently and collaboratively   
Write clean, scalable, maintainable code   
Collaborate and contribute actively to the entire agile software development lifecycle   
Propose solutions to various technical problems (both internally and during collaboration with Product teams)   
Collaborate on the design of new features via in-person whiteboarding sessions and written design docs   
Provide mentorship to other software engineers   
Communicate clearly and effectively 
Prioritize and timebox tasks for effective multitasking 

Requirements 

Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or another STEM discipline  
5 years of professional software engineering experience with DjangoPython 
Strong knowledge of software design and architecture principles 
Strong knowledge of Postgres and the Django ORM 
Excellent problem-solving, debugging, and root cause analysis skills 
Experience building and consuming REST APIs at scale   
Experience with optimization to improve web application performance   
Experience with Git and strong code review skills 
Experience with unit testing  
Familiarity with AIML at scale 
Familiarity with hosting infrastructure (AWS) 
Familiarity with Node, Ruby a plus 

What Makes the cove.tool Software Team Unique 

Shared responsibility for creating and maintaining a high-quality codebase   
Emphasis on process and constant improvement   
Many opportunities to mentor and be mentored   
Huge emphasis on professional development with clearly defined career paths and feedback cycles   
Learning and professional development budget for each team member   
Every team member encouraged to propose ideas   
Direct access to leadership for feedback and brainstorming   
Weekly Tech Talks to share knowledge amongst the team   
Monthly Hackathons which provide an open format for creativity and exploration  
Whats In It for You:

100 Employer Paid Health insurance
Vision and Dental benefits
Employer-paid public transit pass and biking stipend
Competitive Pay
Work-Life Balance
Onsite Gym membership
Hybrid Work
Paid time off and holidays
Snacks, beer, team events

Cove.tool is proud to recruit and hire talented people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, gender, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity or transgender status), age, or disability.