About CoW Protocol 

CoW Protocol is on a mission to create the fairest and most efficient venue for exchanging digital assets on all EVM-compatible chains. Since launching 2 years ago, we have passed 23bn (yes, billion) in trade volume and become the 2nd most popular DEX Aggregator on the market -- aiming for 1.
We are an ambitious, fast-growing, and international team working at the forefront of DeFi.
We believe that we can make markets both more efficient and fair by building the ultimate batch auction settlement layer across EVM-compatible blockchains.
Protection from MEV. CoW Protocol is the industry leader in protecting users from frontrunning and sandwich attacks, which lose traders thousands of dollars every day. It does this by matching trades peer-to-peer and leveraging batch auctions [] so trade order becomes irrelevant.

By joining us at this early stage, you will make fundamental decisions that will shape the course of the CoW Protocol.About the role
Location: We are a fully remote team, and although we contract globally, there is a preference for this role to be based in Europe or remote - 4 hours CEST time
Position: 60-100 contractual basis
We are seeking an enthusiastic, self-motivated, experienced Legal Operations Manager to join our team, who will be reporting directly to our Finance Manager.
If youre a self-driven expert and generalist who takes initiative, is passionate about blockchain technology, and can identify with our values of Ownership and Simplicity, wed be excited to hear from you!
 
What youll do
We are looking for a proactive and independent Legal Operations Manager to cover daily business and ecosystem operations. You will be responsible for starting and keeping things running, taking care of the operational day-to-day needs of the team, and supporting other functions, including people operations, finances but mainly legal compliance. Your primary focus should revolve around expertise in legal compliance and regulation. You would be working actively with our Finance Manager. 

Manage external relationships with legal counsels, tax authorities, regulatory bodies, auditors, tax advisors, customers, and vendors
Draft,review and finalise contracts with customers, contractors or employees and suppliers (general terms  conditions, NDAs, and service agreements etc.)
Help with the projects related Decentralized Autonomous Organisation (DAO) governance and broader ecosystem operations
Research and advise on new and relevant crypto regulation and how this affects the organisational set-up as well as the product itselfAnswer internal requests, such as licensing, disclaimers etc.
Use your labour law knowledge (in any jurisdiction) to facilitate different methods of contracting team members (as individuals and through entities)
Take ownership of co-workers life cycle: You on- and off-board through smooth processes (contract  administrative management)
Organise company off-sites, conferences, and events
Possibly support the recruitment team by interviewing and hiring team-members
Support in finance and accounting-related areas is optional

You are a good fit if you are

Pragmatic - Finding easy solutions and getting things done without overcomplicating. But you also know when to be thorough!
Ownership - You own the responsibilities and see projects end-to-end and over the finish line
Proactive  Independent - You identify and resolve issues independently. You see room for improvement and find meaningful tasks
Excellent communication - You have the ability to express ideas and write long text documents; you have excellent interpersonal skills in both an in-person as well as remote environment
Knowledgeable - You dont need to rely on much input to move ahead and complete something from start to finish. You apply good judgment and, where needed, do the applicable research first You can dive into new areas in order to gain the required expertise
Organised - You are on top of your tasks, keep files in order, and make sure templates exist and are up-to-date and shared. You think 3 steps ahead. You can context switch very well across different domains seamlessly
Speed and enabling - You enjoy enabling and empowering others by making sure that others have what they need to perform their work well by removing yourself as a bottleneck. You know when and how to involve stakeholders
Humble. See something that needs to get done? You just do it
Adaptable - Startups move at a fast pace, and the ideal candidate should be able to pivot and adapt their strategies quickly as needed and move in an ambiguous environment
Collaborative - A strong leader fosters a collaborative environment and thrives on building solid relationships with internal and external stakeholders

Requirements

You have at least 4 years of relevant legal experience
Understanding of the Ethereum blockchain ecosystem and enthusiasm for crypto  web3 with at least 2 years of experience in the space (possibly as a DAO or regulatory expert)
Your understanding of people operations and finance will be an advantage 
You are comfortable with making decisions independently
You have strong leadership skills and a hands-on mentality
You have strong analytical and prioritisation skills
You are self-motivated and take a results-oriented approach to work
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English.Its a plus if you have already work experience in a start-up. 

What we can offer you

Flexible work environment: Join our hub in Lisbon or work remotely
Token Plan: Have a stake in our mission and shape the future of CoW DAO
Periodic Gatherings: Enjoy opportunities to connect with the rest of the team through regular trips
Conference Allocation: Stay up-to-date with ecosystem advancements using our conference budget
Learning budget: Use our Learning budget to support your higher ambitions
Hardware budget: Benefit from a hardware budget for acquiring the necessary equipment
Make an impact: You are joining a startup where you can make a huge difference. Your work matters!
Flat hierarchies mean fewer processes and bureaucracy - see more of your ideas come to life!
Flexible work and vacation times: Prioritize work-life balance through our robust, flexible work policy and vacation allowance
Growth: If youre someone who loves taking the initiative and getting things done, there are a lot of opportunities for your individual growth

 At CoW Protocol, we strive to create a space where everyone feels included and empowered. We believe that our products and services benefit from our diverse backgrounds and experiences. All qualified applicants are considered for positions regardless of race, ethnic origin, age, religion or belief, marital status, gender identification, sexual orientation, or physical ability.