Were Cruise, a self-driving service designed for the cities we love.
Were building the worlds most advanced self-driving vehicles to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We believe self-driving vehicles will help save lives, reshape cities, give back time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for many.
In our cars, youre free to be yourself. Its the same here at Cruise. Were creating a culture that values the experiences and contributions of all of the unique individuals who collectively make up Cruise, so that every employee can do their best work. 
Cruise is committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment, both in our workplace and in our products. If you are looking to play a part in making a positive impact in the world by advancing the revolutionary work of self-driving cars, come join us. Even if you might not meet every requirement, we strongly encourage you to apply. You might just be the right candidate for us. We are looking for a Staff Business Product Manager, People Systems to co-lead the development of our strategic people technology roadmap and work cross-functionally to develop, design and implement our people technology strategy. This is a highly cross-functional role reporting to the Head of Global People Operations. This role will help drive and deliver technological solutions for the People Technology team. This new role will focus on efficiency, cost-effectiveness, and compliance for all People services working with IT, Compliance, People Operations and the People leadership team to drive a technology roadmap that is scalable and effective.
 
Responsibilities:


Develop and be responsible for the People Tech Roadmap in partnership with PTech (IT), People Leadership and key cross-functional partners aligned to the People Team Priorities


Partner across Cruise team members to ensure business designs are collected and delivered through technology solutions; identify end to end People capabilities that are mapped and reflected in technology solutions that will grow with Cruise as we scale, such as including the HRIS, ATS, LMS and other vital tools


Reinvent the current People team service delivery model, and with that vision, drive improvements to create efficiency and compliance across all People-aligned technology and systems. Strike the balance between assessing and making recommendations on priority and sequencing of tech focused work in support of fulfilling our broader People Team Priorities  roadmap


Act as single point of contact in the People team to collate all technology needs by building strong relationships with People team leaders, People tech partners and other collaborators and be a hands-on partner for all PTech activities working closely with the People PMO, where required


Collaborate with partners across the organization to balance priorities and ensure alignment and accountability for delivery and execution


Constantly evaluate operational shortcomings that can be improved with technology


Use data  analysis to measure and evaluate critical metrics for different teams across different tools; proactively propose and champion process, tooling, or documentation  training improvements


Work with a large workforce and third-party vendors on both day-to-day operations and high-level planning and improvements


 
What you must have:


Bachelors degree; M.B.A. or other degree preferred


8-10 years of experience in management consulting, enterprise technology or project management; experience with a rapidly scaling business is advantageous


Excellent senior leader and executive partner relationship management and build consensus and strategic alignment with other functions


Demonstrated ability in setting and implementing a multi-year strategy for a People team  People Operations function at a global level


Strong competence in identifying and handling risks


Ability to navigate ambiguity in a dynamic business landscape and be forward-thinking in a fast-moving environment, able to inspire change at scale


Superb communication skills, high degree of comfort in developing clear, succinct communications for different audience


Strong consultative skills, able to influence stakeholders, make recommendations and decisions and clearly communicate them to an organization


Proven track record in preparing project documentation (charters, projectorganizational change plans), executive level presentations and plans from scratch


You have a low ego, and are solution-oriented; willing to shift from high-level critical thinking, to digging in to support implementation


Desire for continuous improvement and curiosity for new technologies


Experience working in People technology, considered a Workday SME


Understanding of operational needs across HR functions


 
The salary range for this position is 132,500 - 194,800. Compensation will vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. You may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. These ranges are subject to change.Why Cruise?


Our benefits are here to support the whole you:




Competitive salary and benefits 
401(k) Cruise matching program 
Medical  dental  vision, ADD and Life
Subsidized mental health benefits
Flexible vacation and company paid holidays
Healthy meals and snacks available for non-remote employees
Paid parental, jury duty, bereavement, family care, and medical leave
Fertility Benefits
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account
Flexible Spending Account 
Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Plan for non-remote employees
CruiseFlex, a working policy for US-Based Cruisers, lets you and your manager find the working style thats best for you, whether its primarily in-person, primarily at home, or a combination of home and in-office time. - learn more about CruiseFlex here




Were Integrated





Through our partnerships with General Motors and Honda, we are the only self-driving company with fully integrated manufacturing at scale.





Were Funded




GM, Honda, Microsoft, T. Rowe Price, and Walmart have invested billions in Cruise. Their backing for our technology demonstrates their confidence in our progress, team, and vision and makes us one of the leading autonomous vehicle organizations in the industry. Our deep resources greatly accelerate our operating speed.




Were Independent




We have our own governance, board of directors, equity, and investors. Our independence allows us to not just work on the edge of technology, but also define it.




Were Vested




You wont just own your work here, youll have the potential to own equity in Cruise, too. We are competing in a market that is projected to grow exponentially, which gives our company valuation room to grow. We offer a new kind of equity program called Recurring Liquidity Opportunity (RLO), which combines IPO-like liquidity with the stability of remaining private - learn more about RLO here




Were Safety Conscious

We integrate staysafe, our top priority at Cruise, into our everyday work. Through our Safety Management System, every Cruiser is asked to do their part by reporting any potential issues or hazards they observe and making continuous improvements. Youll be able to contribute to safety at Cruise, no matter your job function or title.



Cruise LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create a supportive and inclusive workplace where contributions are valued and celebrated, and our employees thrive by being themselves and are inspired to do the best work of their lives. We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, caste, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, or disability. Applicants will not be discriminated against based on these or other protected categories or social identities. Cruise will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with applicable laws.
Cruise is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know or email HRgetcruise.com.
We proactively work to design hiring processes that promote equity and inclusion while mitigating bias. To help us track the effectiveness and inclusivity of our recruiting efforts, please consider answering the following demographic questions. Answering these questions is entirely voluntary. Your answers to these questions will not be shared with the hiring decision makers and will not impact the hiring decision in any way. Instead, Cruise will use this information not only to comply with any government reporting obligations but also to track our progress toward meeting our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging objectives.
Candidates applying for roles that operate and remotely operate the AV: Licensed to drive a motor vehicle in the U.S. for the three years immediately preceding your application, currently holding an active in-state regular drivers license or equivalent, and no more than one point on driving record. A successful completion of a background check, drug screen and DMV Motor Vehicle Record check is also required.
Note to Recruitment Agencies: Cruise does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Furthermore, Cruise does not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved partners. 