Were Cruise, a self-driving service designed for the cities we love.
Were building the worlds most advanced self-driving vehicles to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We believe self-driving vehicles will help save lives, reshape cities, give back time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for many.
In our cars, youre free to be yourself. Its the same here at Cruise. Were creating a culture that values the experiences and contributions of all of the unique individuals who collectively make up Cruise, so that every employee can do their best work. 
Cruise is committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment, both in our workplace and in our products. If you are looking to play a part in making a positive impact in the world by advancing the revolutionary work of self-driving cars, come join us. Even if you might not meet every requirement, we strongly encourage you to apply. You might just be the right candidate for us. Cruise is looking for a Staff Enterprise Test Engineer to lead the end-to-end verification and validation efforts of the autonomous transportation systems across multiple vehicle platforms and various operational design domains. In this position, you will collaborate closely with technical product and program managers, hardware and software engineers, cloud services and tools developers, simulation teams, and test teams across the organization to drive success towards major initiative at Cruise. If youre interested in building frameworks to consolidate various testing at Cruise, and technically leading this dynamic and critical team towards an autonomous driving future, lets chat!
What you need to have:


Improve the autonomy performance metrics and of our AV to achieve very high reliability


Improve engineering productivity through testing strategy and execution, automation and enabling processes, and collaboration and coordination with Simulation and Productivity Infrastructure teams


Diagnose and prioritize AV reliability and behavioral issues, and building automation, tooling and workflows to monitor and enhance efficiency


Work with Technical Product Managers and Engineering Managers to develop and execute project roadmaps


Work with Cruise Safety and Functional validation teams on testing and requirements verification


Communicate significant risks that may impact performance or reliability in a timely manner to Management


Establish strong working relationships with engineering teams, testing infrastructure teams, data infrastructure and data science teams for a sense of shared accountability


Foster a collaborative culture of testing, safety, and documentation


Serve as an escalation point for quality issues


Strengthening the data and information capabilities of the organization and championing a data-driven environment


Increase the productivity of the team by identifying process gaps, common pain points and scalability issues and develop a plan to address them

Experience with Python and C

 
 What you will be doing:


Embodies Cruise behaviors: Stay Safe, Own It, Stay Focused, Seek Truth, Work Together, Be Humble


Ability to lead through influence providing mentorship to other engineers, enabling them to grow to be more effective.


Proactively identifies potential future gaps in their systems and products. Work with team to build viable long-term solutions and transition plans


Able to do more with less, continuously optimizing efforts to deliver results for the company while reducing cost and overhead


Has 8 years relevant industry experience in a technical role


Has experience with agile development processes, test driven development and a zeal for automation at all levels


Has effective planning, able to consistently and accurately plan releases both at a high and granular level


Has excellent written and verbal communication skills with the finesse to engage engineers, executives and board members


 
Bonus Points!


Familiarity with automotive or aerospace (or similar) safety critical systems and testing


Experience with autonomous vehicles or robotics applications


 
The salary range for this position is 161,500 - 237,500. Compensation will vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. You may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. These ranges are subject to change.Why Cruise?


Our benefits are here to support the whole you:




Competitive salary and benefits 
401(k) Cruise matching program 
Medical  dental  vision, ADD and Life
Subsidized mental health benefits
Flexible vacation and company paid holidays
Healthy meals and snacks available for non-remote employees
Paid parental, jury duty, bereavement, family care, and medical leave
Fertility Benefits
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account
Flexible Spending Account 
Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Plan for non-remote employees
CruiseFlex, a working policy for US-Based Cruisers, lets you and your manager find the working style thats best for you, whether its primarily in-person, primarily at home, or a combination of home and in-office time. - learn more about CruiseFlex here




Were Integrated





Through our partnerships with General Motors and Honda, we are the only self-driving company with fully integrated manufacturing at scale.





Were Funded




GM, Honda, Microsoft, T. Rowe Price, and Walmart have invested billions in Cruise. Their backing for our technology demonstrates their confidence in our progress, team, and vision and makes us one of the leading autonomous vehicle organizations in the industry. Our deep resources greatly accelerate our operating speed.




Were Independent




We have our own governance, board of directors, equity, and investors. Our independence allows us to not just work on the edge of technology, but also define it.




Were Vested




You wont just own your work here, youll have the potential to own equity in Cruise, too. We are competing in a market that is projected to grow exponentially, which gives our company valuation room to grow. We offer a new kind of equity program called Recurring Liquidity Opportunity (RLO), which combines IPO-like liquidity with the stability of remaining private - learn more about RLO here




Were Safety Conscious

We integrate staysafe, our top priority at Cruise, into our everyday work. Through our Safety Management System, every Cruiser is asked to do their part by reporting any potential issues or hazards they observe and making continuous improvements. Youll be able to contribute to safety at Cruise, no matter your job function or title.



Cruise LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create a supportive and inclusive workplace where contributions are valued and celebrated, and our employees thrive by being themselves and are inspired to do the best work of their lives. We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, caste, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, or disability. Applicants will not be discriminated against based on these or other protected categories or social identities. Cruise will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with applicable laws.
Cruise is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know or email HRgetcruise.com.
We proactively work to design hiring processes that promote equity and inclusion while mitigating bias. To help us track the effectiveness and inclusivity of our recruiting efforts, please consider answering the following demographic questions. Answering these questions is entirely voluntary. Your answers to these questions will not be shared with the hiring decision makers and will not impact the hiring decision in any way. Instead, Cruise will use this information not only to comply with any government reporting obligations but also to track our progress toward meeting our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging objectives.
Candidates applying for roles that operate and remotely operate the AV: Licensed to drive a motor vehicle in the U.S. for the three years immediately preceding your application, currently holding an active in-state regular drivers license or equivalent, and no more than one point on driving record. A successful completion of a background check, drug screen and DMV Motor Vehicle Record check is also required.
Note to Recruitment Agencies: Cruise does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Furthermore, Cruise does not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved partners. 