Were Cruise, a self-driving service designed for the cities we love.
Were building the worlds most advanced self-driving vehicles to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We believe self-driving vehicles will help save lives, reshape cities, give back time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for many.
In our cars, youre free to be yourself. Its the same here at Cruise. Were creating a culture that values the experiences and contributions of all of the unique individuals who collectively make up Cruise, so that every employee can do their best work. 
Cruise is committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment, both in our workplace and in our products. If you are looking to play a part in making a positive impact in the world by advancing the revolutionary work of self-driving cars, come join us. Even if you might not meet every requirement, we strongly encourage you to apply. You might just be the right candidate for us. The Behaviors Teams at Cruise take a machine learning first approach to enable our AV to drive smoothly and safely in urban environments across all our markets. This includes: first predicting how the environment around the vehicle will evolve, then planning how the AV should respond based on that prediction, then generating safe  feasible trajectories to take our customers to their destinations. Underlying this, our engineers leverage a combination of imitation learning  reinforcement learning to build a continuous learning machine (link) that scales with on road data  simulation. The team is made up of practitioners from robotics, rankingrecommendations, relevance, NLUNLP, personalization, reinforcement learning, generative modeling and many other disciplines in the ML space.
The Behavior Foundations team is responsible for building and scaling the foundational technologies across ML infrastructureframework, training and evaluation pipelinesworkflows, data mining, learning algorithms, diagnosis, monitoring, testing and metrics. This foundation is supporting our researchers and engineers across Behaviors org to solve the most critical problems on Autonomous Vehicle (AV) decision tasks such as:

Building a globally consistent prediction of what all different nearby agents (like other cars, buses, animals, pedestrians) are going to in the next few seconds;
Generating safe, comfortable and feasible trajectories to navigate dynamic urban environments;
Scoring and selecting the optimal trajectory, optimizing across many dimensions such as safety, comfort and customer experience.

As Cruises business continues to scale rapidly, its critical to build a stable, reliable, scalable, flexible and cost-efficient foundation and long term architecture. We work closely with our partner teams across Cruise AI to lay out this foundation with a vision of building a Continuous Learning Machine, Data-Centric AI and objective model performance evaluation, to automate and accelerate our machine learning development, testing, and deployment and continuously ship models to improve the behaviors in our AVs, enabling our AVs to drive safely, reliably and smoothly in all different cities and scenarios. 
 
What youll be doing:

Design and implement shared infrastructure and tooling among the Behaviors teams. Identify opportunities to unify approaches and increase developer velocity.
From a research perspective, exploring, prototyping, validating, and iterating new algorithms.
On the development side, driving efforts to optimize, supervise and refine on-road performance for models on the path to production.
Identify opportunities to accelerate the training and evaluation process of behavior changes to the vehicle. Build training framework, data infra and metrics pipelines to accelerate the training and feedback loop on AI projects.
Own the quality of the development and ensure the solutions are scalable, secure, and optimized for user experience and performance. Raise the bar on engineering excellence by producing best in class of code, documentation, testing, and monitoring.
Own technical projects from start to finish and be responsible for major technical decisions and tradeoffs. Effectively participate in teams planning, code reviews and design discussions.
Consider the effects of projects across multiple teams and proactively manage conflicts. Work closely with partner teams to ensure they are benefiting from the systems we built.

What you must have: 

Bachelors degree in Computer Science andor equivalent years of experience
Strong experience with C, C or Python
8 years of experience in machine learning and classification
Extensive experience with ML frameworks such as Tensorflow, Caffe, and PyTorch
Excellent mathematical reasoning skills, especially with probability
Strong understanding of code efficiencyperformance and reliability
Outstanding ability to write clean, fast, reliable, and highly scalable software
Experience building, deploying, and operating production-level high-availability full-stack services
Passionate about self-driving technology and its potential impact on the world
BS, MS or PhD in CS, Math, or equivalent real-world experience
Strong organization and communication to work well across teams in a fast-paced environment


Bonus points! 

Experience with ROS, OpenCV, Gazebo, or PCL
Even better if you understand: parallel training, active learning, model deployment (e.g., TensorRT conversion)
Experience with build systems (Bazel, Buck, Blaze or Cmake)
Experience working with Docker and Kubernetes


 
The salary range for this position is 234,700 - 345,000. Compensation will vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. You may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. These ranges are subject to change.Why Cruise?


Our benefits are here to support the whole you:




Competitive salary and benefits 
401(k) Cruise matching program 
Medical  dental  vision, ADD and Life
Subsidized mental health benefits
Flexible vacation and company paid holidays
Healthy meals and snacks available for non-remote employees
Paid parental, jury duty, bereavement, family care, and medical leave
Fertility Benefits
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account
Flexible Spending Account 
Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Plan for non-remote employees
CruiseFlex, a working policy for US-Based Cruisers, lets you and your manager find the working style thats best for you, whether its primarily in-person, primarily at home, or a combination of home and in-office time. - learn more about CruiseFlex here




Were Integrated





Through our partnerships with General Motors and Honda, we are the only self-driving company with fully integrated manufacturing at scale.





Were Funded




GM, Honda, Microsoft, T. Rowe Price, and Walmart have invested billions in Cruise. Their backing for our technology demonstrates their confidence in our progress, team, and vision and makes us one of the leading autonomous vehicle organizations in the industry. Our deep resources greatly accelerate our operating speed.




Were Independent




We have our own governance, board of directors, equity, and investors. Our independence allows us to not just work on the edge of technology, but also define it.




Were Vested




You wont just own your work here, youll have the potential to own equity in Cruise, too. We are competing in a market that is projected to grow exponentially, which gives our company valuation room to grow. We offer a new kind of equity program called Recurring Liquidity Opportunity (RLO), which combines IPO-like liquidity with the stability of remaining private - learn more about RLO here




Were Safety Conscious

We integrate staysafe, our top priority at Cruise, into our everyday work. Through our Safety Management System, every Cruiser is asked to do their part by reporting any potential issues or hazards they observe and making continuous improvements. Youll be able to contribute to safety at Cruise, no matter your job function or title.



Cruise LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create a supportive and inclusive workplace where contributions are valued and celebrated, and our employees thrive by being themselves and are inspired to do the best work of their lives. We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, caste, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, or disability. Applicants will not be discriminated against based on these or other protected categories or social identities. Cruise will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with applicable laws.
Cruise is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know or email HRgetcruise.com.
We proactively work to design hiring processes that promote equity and inclusion while mitigating bias. To help us track the effectiveness and inclusivity of our recruiting efforts, please consider answering the following demographic questions. Answering these questions is entirely voluntary. Your answers to these questions will not be shared with the hiring decision makers and will not impact the hiring decision in any way. Instead, Cruise will use this information not only to comply with any government reporting obligations but also to track our progress toward meeting our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging objectives.
Candidates applying for roles that operate and remotely operate the AV: Licensed to drive a motor vehicle in the U.S. for the three years immediately preceding your application, currently holding an active in-state regular drivers license or equivalent, and no more than one point on driving record. A successful completion of a background check, drug screen and DMV Motor Vehicle Record check is also required.
Note to Recruitment Agencies: Cruise does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Furthermore, Cruise does not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved partners. 