Were Cruise, a self-driving service designed for the cities we love.
Were building the worlds most advanced self-driving vehicles to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We believe self-driving vehicles will help save lives, reshape cities, give back time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for many.
In our cars, youre free to be yourself. Its the same here at Cruise. Were creating a culture that values the experiences and contributions of all of the unique individuals who collectively make up Cruise, so that every employee can do their best work. 
Cruise is committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment, both in our workplace and in our products. If you are looking to play a part in making a positive impact in the world by advancing the revolutionary work of self-driving cars, come join us. Even if you might not meet every requirement, we strongly encourage you to apply. You might just be the right candidate for us. We are looking for a talented Mechanical Engineering (ME) Manager to lead, manage, and grow the ME team in a fast-paced environment. At Cruise, we believe in managers who remain deeply technical and understand the challenges their teams are facing, even though they may not be the technical lead or designing hardware day to day. Our managers coach their teams to success, shield their teams from distractions, and help publicly celebrate their teams wins. In this position they will lead development, architecture, analysis, and qualification of on- and off-vehicle ME systems within the Hardware RD team.
What you will be doing:

Responsible for growing and developing a world class team of Mechanical and Thermal engineers dedicated to the development of hardware for Autonomous Vehicles
Drive best practices within the team and create tools which encourage their use across the company
Organize and lead cross-functional collaboration efforts with Integrity, GM Vehicle Teams, Electrical Engineering, Test Engineering, and Manufacturing to ensure full coverage in requirements and features
Create and execute technical roadmaps for team while promoting (and living) a healthy and collaborative team culture based on Cruise values
Anticipate strategic and scaling-related challenges
Drive delivery and development of on-time, well-tested mechanical and thermal design in support of our program and missionRecruit, promote, develop and retain Engineering Managers and Individual Contributors, and resolve conflicts both within your team, and between teams.
Invest heavily in recruiting by working closely with recruiters, screening candidates, and identifying opportunities for external engagement to improve the Cruise engineering brand.
Act as a sounding board and technical architect for your teams, help define technical vision and strategy, and ensure the technical direction of your teams aligns with other teams across the company.
Help define, build, and embody Cruise engineering culture and principles.

What you must have:

BSME, MSME, or equivalent with at least 12 years of relevant engineering experience with proficiency in electromechanical parts and assemblies design including thermal-mechanical management and thermal interface material, preference for Staff level experience.
Have had primary technical leadership experience and design responsibility for all aspects of mechanical or electro-mechanical assemblies which were successfully produced in moderate to high volume.
Mix of hands-on skills and management experience in mission-critical product development environments
Data driven decision making ability
Strong cross-functional communication and collaboration
Proven success in developing mechanical system and execution
Ability to learn quickly, starting with little information and quickly becoming an expert in your domain

Bonus points!

Experience with automotive and safety critical applications
Experience in a regulated industry

The salary range for this position is 180,300 - 265,100. Compensation will vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. You may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. These ranges are subject to change.Why Cruise?


Our benefits are here to support the whole you:




Competitive salary and benefits 
401(k) Cruise matching program 
Medical  dental  vision, ADD and Life
Subsidized mental health benefits
Flexible vacation and company paid holidays
Healthy meals and snacks available for non-remote employees
Paid parental, jury duty, bereavement, family care, and medical leave
Fertility Benefits
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account
Flexible Spending Account 
Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Plan for non-remote employees
CruiseFlex, a working policy for US-Based Cruisers, lets you and your manager find the working style thats best for you, whether its primarily in-person, primarily at home, or a combination of home and in-office time. - learn more about CruiseFlex here




Were Integrated





Through our partnerships with General Motors and Honda, we are the only self-driving company with fully integrated manufacturing at scale.





Were Funded




GM, Honda, Microsoft, T. Rowe Price, and Walmart have invested billions in Cruise. Their backing for our technology demonstrates their confidence in our progress, team, and vision and makes us one of the leading autonomous vehicle organizations in the industry. Our deep resources greatly accelerate our operating speed.




Were Independent




We have our own governance, board of directors, equity, and investors. Our independence allows us to not just work on the edge of technology, but also define it.




Were Vested




You wont just own your work here, youll have the potential to own equity in Cruise, too. We are competing in a market that is projected to grow exponentially, which gives our company valuation room to grow. We offer a new kind of equity program called Recurring Liquidity Opportunity (RLO), which combines IPO-like liquidity with the stability of remaining private - learn more about RLO here




Were Safety Conscious

We integrate staysafe, our top priority at Cruise, into our everyday work. Through our Safety Management System, every Cruiser is asked to do their part by reporting any potential issues or hazards they observe and making continuous improvements. Youll be able to contribute to safety at Cruise, no matter your job function or title.



Cruise LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create a supportive and inclusive workplace where contributions are valued and celebrated, and our employees thrive by being themselves and are inspired to do the best work of their lives. We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, caste, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, or disability. Applicants will not be discriminated against based on these or other protected categories or social identities. Cruise will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with applicable laws.
Cruise is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know or email HRgetcruise.com.
We proactively work to design hiring processes that promote equity and inclusion while mitigating bias. To help us track the effectiveness and inclusivity of our recruiting efforts, please consider answering the following demographic questions. Answering these questions is entirely voluntary. Your answers to these questions will not be shared with the hiring decision makers and will not impact the hiring decision in any way. Instead, Cruise will use this information not only to comply with any government reporting obligations but also to track our progress toward meeting our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging objectives.
Candidates applying for roles that operate and remotely operate the AV: Licensed to drive a motor vehicle in the U.S. for the three years immediately preceding your application, currently holding an active in-state regular drivers license or equivalent, and no more than one point on driving record. A successful completion of a background check, drug screen and DMV Motor Vehicle Record check is also required.
Note to Recruitment Agencies: Cruise does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Furthermore, Cruise does not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved partners. 