Were Cruise, a self-driving service designed for the cities we love.
Were building the worlds most advanced self-driving vehicles to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We believe self-driving vehicles will help save lives, reshape cities, give back time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for many.
In our cars, youre free to be yourself. Its the same here at Cruise. Were creating a culture that values the experiences and contributions of all of the unique individuals who collectively make up Cruise, so that every employee can do their best work. 
Cruise is committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment, both in our workplace and in our products. If you are looking to play a part in making a positive impact in the world by advancing the revolutionary work of self-driving cars, come join us. Even if you might not meet every requirement, we strongly encourage you to apply. You might just be the right candidate for us. About the RoleAs Cruise AVs head into launch and scaling activities, we look to continue finding ways to apply our technology to new form factors, that creates new applications for our AV Tech and extend the value our existing platforms provide our customersWe are looking for a hands-on robotics leader who can balance the exploration of cutting edge technical solutions with a practical view of delivering a viable, scale productYou would be instrumental in driving early technical exploration of a unique Robotics platform we are developing and shepherd its transition from broad strokes early technical exploration, to a refined concept and then formal development towards mass productionYou would report to the head of the Vehicles team.What youll be doing:As the AVP-TL you would be empowered as an individual leader, leading through influence and experience.You would be a hands-on technical leader, providing technical oversight and critical guidance to a small team of engineers going through early explorations of a unique multi-body autonomous robotic platformAs part of this phase, you would need to provide senior leadership with updates on the state of the concept exploration, significant technical trade-offs that would need to be made on expected functionality, investments in other parts of Cruise that enable longer term success of the product and relevant considerations as the program charter gets defined. This would include insight into technical challenges that are outside of the robot, realistic cost targets for the desired functionality, likely timing to get to mass production and so onYou would be the platform subject matter expert for the AV platform you own, supporting queries and technical trade-off decisions from the broader Cruise engineering teams (AVHW, SafetySystems, Technical Operations, ProdEng and so on)Stay on top of latest breakthroughs in academia and industry, relevant to this platform and bring those learnings into Cruise, as we develop our platformWhat you must have:Minimum Masters Degree in Engineering (Mechanical, Electrical or Computer Science) with particular emphasis on Robotic systemsMinimum 8 years of relevant experience, working on concept explorations for multi-body robotic systems and transitioning them into mass productionExperience with electromechanical development (CAD, 3D Printing, Arduino, mechanical prototyping), developing complex control systems for multi-task robots, C, Python programming, RTOS as part of developing practical robots for real world applicationsIn depth understanding of Systems engineering and DFMEAUp to date on the latest areas of inquiry in the field of Robotics, AI and ML, in academia and industry.Demonstrated ability to innovate as indicated by published academic material, patents filed or industry awardsAbility to take complex safety, cost, product experience, program and technical considerations and distill it down to clear set of tradeoffs and associated The salary range for this position is 148,600 - 218,500. Compensation will vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. You may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. These ranges are subject to change.Why Cruise?


Our benefits are here to support the whole you:




Competitive salary and benefits 
401(k) Cruise matching program 
Medical  dental  vision, ADD and Life
Subsidized mental health benefits
Flexible vacation and company paid holidays
Healthy meals and snacks available for non-remote employees
Paid parental, jury duty, bereavement, family care, and medical leave
Fertility Benefits
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account
Flexible Spending Account 
Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Plan for non-remote employees
CruiseFlex, a working policy for US-Based Cruisers, lets you and your manager find the working style thats best for you, whether its primarily in-person, primarily at home, or a combination of home and in-office time. - learn more about CruiseFlex here




Were Integrated





Through our partnerships with General Motors and Honda, we are the only self-driving company with fully integrated manufacturing at scale.





Were Funded




GM, Honda, Microsoft, T. Rowe Price, and Walmart have invested billions in Cruise. Their backing for our technology demonstrates their confidence in our progress, team, and vision and makes us one of the leading autonomous vehicle organizations in the industry. Our deep resources greatly accelerate our operating speed.




Were Independent




We have our own governance, board of directors, equity, and investors. Our independence allows us to not just work on the edge of technology, but also define it.




Were Vested




You wont just own your work here, youll have the potential to own equity in Cruise, too. We are competing in a market that is projected to grow exponentially, which gives our company valuation room to grow. We offer a new kind of equity program called Recurring Liquidity Opportunity (RLO), which combines IPO-like liquidity with the stability of remaining private - learn more about RLO here




Were Safety Conscious

We integrate staysafe, our top priority at Cruise, into our everyday work. Through our Safety Management System, every Cruiser is asked to do their part by reporting any potential issues or hazards they observe and making continuous improvements. Youll be able to contribute to safety at Cruise, no matter your job function or title.



Cruise LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create a supportive and inclusive workplace where contributions are valued and celebrated, and our employees thrive by being themselves and are inspired to do the best work of their lives. We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, caste, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, or disability. Applicants will not be discriminated against based on these or other protected categories or social identities. Cruise will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with applicable laws.
Cruise is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know or email HRgetcruise.com.
We proactively work to design hiring processes that promote equity and inclusion while mitigating bias. To help us track the effectiveness and inclusivity of our recruiting efforts, please consider answering the following demographic questions. Answering these questions is entirely voluntary. Your answers to these questions will not be shared with the hiring decision makers and will not impact the hiring decision in any way. Instead, Cruise will use this information not only to comply with any government reporting obligations but also to track our progress toward meeting our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging objectives.
Candidates applying for roles that operate and remotely operate the AV: Licensed to drive a motor vehicle in the U.S. for the three years immediately preceding your application, currently holding an active in-state regular drivers license or equivalent, and no more than one point on driving record. A successful completion of a background check, drug screen and DMV Motor Vehicle Record check is also required.
Note to Recruitment Agencies: Cruise does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Furthermore, Cruise does not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved partners. 