Were Cruise, a self-driving service designed for the cities we love.
Were building the worlds most advanced self-driving vehicles to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We believe self-driving vehicles will help save lives, reshape cities, give back time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for many.
In our cars, youre free to be yourself. Its the same here at Cruise. Were creating a culture that values the experiences and contributions of all of the unique individuals who collectively make up Cruise, so that every employee can do their best work. 
Cruise is committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment, both in our workplace and in our products. If you are looking to play a part in making a positive impact in the world by advancing the revolutionary work of self-driving cars, come join us. Even if you might not meet every requirement, we strongly encourage you to apply. You might just be the right candidate for us. Cruise is currently seeing a Staff Mechanical Engineer with experience in thermal-mechanical packaging, hardware design, FEA simulation, mechanical verification, and validation testing. In this position, you will be part of the Hardware  Mechanical Thermal team, which is responsible for developing the mechanical-thermal management for our autonomous vehicle computing system.  You will interact with cross-functional teams like electrical, thermal engineers, SI, embedded systems, reliability, validation, and technical program managers internally, and various vendors externally to ensure high-quality components are designed. If youre interested in delivering an exciting product that will change the world, lets chat!
 
Day-to-day responsibilities include:

Work with cross-functional vehicle integration teams to come up with the detailed requirements for thermal-mechanical management systems
Lead the mechanical system design effort from early conceptarchitecture design through mass production.
Work closely with the EE and thermal team to leaddevelop designs, performs hands-on testing  analysis, and activities for proof-of-concept compute system
Gather requirements, study design trade-offs, and define detailed specifications for mechanical components. Present datatrade-offs to management to facilitate the making of decisions
Collaborates with cross-functional teams, manages, and provides technical guidance as needed to Tier1, Tier 2, Contract Manufacturers, and suppliers as per the project scope to ensure sound engineering or operations practices
Mentorship and project guidance of junior and senior engineers
Create DFMEA, statement of work, product specification, and engineering documentation.
Perform FEA and optimize the design based on the results.
Perform detail design, create 3D modeling and 2D drawings using GDT
Develops and maintains thermal-mechanical scheduletimelines and provides updates and feedback to the technical program manager
Comprehend and analyze complex problems and develop solutions.
Strong communication and presentation skills

You should apply for this role if you have the following qualifications:

BSME, MSME, or equivalent with at least 12 years of relevant engineering experience with proficiency in electromechanical parts and assemblies design including thermal-mechanical management and thermal interface material, preference for Staff level experience.
Have had primary technical leadership experience and design responsibility for all aspects of mechanical or electro-mechanical assemblies which were successfully produced in moderate to high volume.
Attention to detail, Systems-level thinking, and demonstrating full ownership of assigned systemscomponents.
Understand timelines and determine project deadlines to meet the program timing
Experience designing for harsh environments including ShockVibration with long-term durability.
Experience in driving failure analysis to determine root causes and provide an effective solution.
Strong mechanical design and analysis skills - The ability to develop and utilize free body diagrams, 3D CAD models, 2D drawing, GDT, tolerance stack-up analysis, DOE, DFM, DFA, simulated use testing, and statistical analysis is required.
Proficiency in structural and thermal simulations
Proficiency in 2D drafting, 3D conceptual, and detailed design (NX preferred, Solidworks and Creo acceptable)
Proficiency in standard manufacturing processes (CNC machining, stamping, forging, extrusion, friction stir welding, die casting, injection molding, 3D printing) and commonbasic engineering materials (sheet metal, metal, plastics, rubber, gasket)
Experience in electromechanical integration
Detail-oriented, willing to share knowledge and learn new skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

 Bonus points!

Experience in optomechanical systems
Experience with computing thermal mechanical systems for vehicles
Experience with Atlassian Jira and Confluence
Experience in safety-critical industries (automotive, medical, aerospace) and in costweight-critical applications is preferred.

 
The salary range for this position is 130,500 - 191,900. Compensation will vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. You may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. These ranges are subject to change.Why Cruise?


Our benefits are here to support the whole you:




Competitive salary and benefits 
401(k) Cruise matching program 
Medical  dental  vision, ADD and Life
Subsidized mental health benefits
Flexible vacation and company paid holidays
Healthy meals and snacks available for non-remote employees
Paid parental, jury duty, bereavement, family care, and medical leave
Fertility Benefits
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account
Flexible Spending Account 
Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Plan for non-remote employees
CruiseFlex, a working policy for US-Based Cruisers, lets you and your manager find the working style thats best for you, whether its primarily in-person, primarily at home, or a combination of home and in-office time. - learn more about CruiseFlex here




Were Integrated





Through our partnerships with General Motors and Honda, we are the only self-driving company with fully integrated manufacturing at scale.





Were Funded




GM, Honda, Microsoft, T. Rowe Price, and Walmart have invested billions in Cruise. Their backing for our technology demonstrates their confidence in our progress, team, and vision and makes us one of the leading autonomous vehicle organizations in the industry. Our deep resources greatly accelerate our operating speed.




Were Independent




We have our own governance, board of directors, equity, and investors. Our independence allows us to not just work on the edge of technology, but also define it.




Were Vested




You wont just own your work here, youll have the potential to own equity in Cruise, too. We are competing in a market that is projected to grow exponentially, which gives our company valuation room to grow. We offer a new kind of equity program called Recurring Liquidity Opportunity (RLO), which combines IPO-like liquidity with the stability of remaining private - learn more about RLO here




Were Safety Conscious

We integrate staysafe, our top priority at Cruise, into our everyday work. Through our Safety Management System, every Cruiser is asked to do their part by reporting any potential issues or hazards they observe and making continuous improvements. Youll be able to contribute to safety at Cruise, no matter your job function or title.



Cruise LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create a supportive and inclusive workplace where contributions are valued and celebrated, and our employees thrive by being themselves and are inspired to do the best work of their lives. We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, caste, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, or disability. Applicants will not be discriminated against based on these or other protected categories or social identities. Cruise will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with applicable laws.
Cruise is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know or email HRgetcruise.com.
We proactively work to design hiring processes that promote equity and inclusion while mitigating bias. To help us track the effectiveness and inclusivity of our recruiting efforts, please consider answering the following demographic questions. Answering these questions is entirely voluntary. Your answers to these questions will not be shared with the hiring decision makers and will not impact the hiring decision in any way. Instead, Cruise will use this information not only to comply with any government reporting obligations but also to track our progress toward meeting our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging objectives.
Candidates applying for roles that operate and remotely operate the AV: Licensed to drive a motor vehicle in the U.S. for the three years immediately preceding your application, currently holding an active in-state regular drivers license or equivalent, and no more than one point on driving record. A successful completion of a background check, drug screen and DMV Motor Vehicle Record check is also required.
Note to Recruitment Agencies: Cruise does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Furthermore, Cruise does not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved partners. 