Were Cruise, a self-driving service designed for the cities we love.
Were building the worlds most advanced self-driving vehicles to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We believe self-driving vehicles will help save lives, reshape cities, give back time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for many.
In our cars, youre free to be yourself. Its the same here at Cruise. Were creating a culture that values the experiences and contributions of all of the unique individuals who collectively make up Cruise, so that every employee can do their best work. 
Cruise is committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment, both in our workplace and in our products. If you are looking to play a part in making a positive impact in the world by advancing the revolutionary work of self-driving cars, come join us. Even if you might not meet every requirement, we strongly encourage you to apply. You might just be the right candidate for us. 

About the Role:
The Autonomous Vehicle (AV) software stack is a sophisticated workload that includes compute and data intensive functions within perception, prediction, planning and control. This role is within the ML Accelerators (MLA) team which is responsible for maintaining and optimizing the software stack for real-time, on-road performance. This means efficient workload mapping onto a sophisticated, resource-constrained hardware, co-architecting the HW platform with HW engineers and building platforms and tools for AI deployment and performance profiling, diagnosis and optimizations that can be employed by AV engineers (from perception, prediction, planning and controls). MLA engineers work in close collaboration with AV engineers throughout the lifecycle of crafting new AV features which is essential to the success of our mission.
As a Staff Software Engineer (in Cruises Machine Learning Accelerators (MLA) Kernels and Libraries team), you will be responsible for creating the strategic vision and leading the design and development of performance-critical, reliable and composable DSP compute solutions for Cruises next generation custom silicon. Your solutions will be used to implement core AV functions across ML and non-ML workloads. As Cruise expands our vehicle offerings on our path to productization, your libraries will enable Cruises low cost custom silicon critical to our long term business needs.
What youll be doing:

Define long term strategy and build a strategic roadmap to enable Cruise to use DSPs as a first-class accelerator compute platform.
Develop reusable, composable, high-performance, safety-critical DSP libraries that meet the requirements of the varied workloads of the Cruise AV.
Collaborate closely with our compiler and runtime teams to ensure clean interfaces are designed to integrate DSP compute workloads, our architecture teams to influence the design of future compute platforms, and performance infrastructure teams to improve observability.
Create and implement technology standards, methodologies, processes, and guidelines. Coach and mentor team members.
Review code submissions, provide guidance on design and implementation, break down tasks for junior developers, track execution and efficiently report status.
Manage relationships with external vendors and internal customers.

What you must have:

Excellent Digital Signal Processor programming skills with a thorough understanding of how to map different workloads to the architectural constraints of a specific DSP.
Strong background in software architecture, library design and design patterns.
Strong C programming skills with the ability to feel comfortable in large codebases.
Hands-on experience with SIMDVLIW style optimizations on DSPs and other accelerators.
Hands-on experience benchmarking, profiling, debugging and optimizing accelerator libraries and kernels to extract optimal performance.
Solid background in system performance, high performance computing and architecture-aware optimizations.
Strong communication, influence, and negotiation skills and the ability to work collaboratively within a team
Exceptional leadership skills and ability to set direction and work through ambiguities
Minimum 5 years of relevant industry experience or equivalent experience

Bonus Points!

MS or PhD in CS, or related technical field or equivalent experience
Experience with Tensilica DSPs
Experience with GPU programming models like CUDA, OpenCL, SYCL
Experience with ARM NEON, SVE, AVX or SSE-style intrinsics.
Experience with AI and ML frameworks and inference software stack
Experience with designing software applications for safety critical systems

The salary range for this position is 193,900 - 285,000. Compensation will vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. You may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. These ranges are subject to change.

Why Cruise?


Our benefits are here to support the whole you:




Competitive salary and benefits 
401(k) Cruise matching program 
Medical  dental  vision, ADD and Life
Subsidized mental health benefits
Flexible vacation and company paid holidays
Healthy meals and snacks available for non-remote employees
Paid parental, jury duty, bereavement, family care, and medical leave
Fertility Benefits
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account
Flexible Spending Account 
Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Plan for non-remote employees
CruiseFlex, a working policy for US-Based Cruisers, lets you and your manager find the working style thats best for you, whether its primarily in-person, primarily at home, or a combination of home and in-office time. - learn more about CruiseFlex here




Were Integrated





Through our partnerships with General Motors and Honda, we are the only self-driving company with fully integrated manufacturing at scale.





Were Funded




GM, Honda, Microsoft, T. Rowe Price, and Walmart have invested billions in Cruise. Their backing for our technology demonstrates their confidence in our progress, team, and vision and makes us one of the leading autonomous vehicle organizations in the industry. Our deep resources greatly accelerate our operating speed.




Were Independent




We have our own governance, board of directors, equity, and investors. Our independence allows us to not just work on the edge of technology, but also define it.




Were Vested




You wont just own your work here, youll have the potential to own equity in Cruise, too. We are competing in a market that is projected to grow exponentially, which gives our company valuation room to grow. We offer a new kind of equity program called Recurring Liquidity Opportunity (RLO), which combines IPO-like liquidity with the stability of remaining private - learn more about RLO here




Were Safety Conscious

We integrate staysafe, our top priority at Cruise, into our everyday work. Through our Safety Management System, every Cruiser is asked to do their part by reporting any potential issues or hazards they observe and making continuous improvements. Youll be able to contribute to safety at Cruise, no matter your job function or title.



Cruise LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create a supportive and inclusive workplace where contributions are valued and celebrated, and our employees thrive by being themselves and are inspired to do the best work of their lives. We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, caste, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, or disability. Applicants will not be discriminated against based on these or other protected categories or social identities. Cruise will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with applicable laws.
Cruise is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know or email HRgetcruise.com.
We proactively work to design hiring processes that promote equity and inclusion while mitigating bias. To help us track the effectiveness and inclusivity of our recruiting efforts, please consider answering the following demographic questions. Answering these questions is entirely voluntary. Your answers to these questions will not be shared with the hiring decision makers and will not impact the hiring decision in any way. Instead, Cruise will use this information not only to comply with any government reporting obligations but also to track our progress toward meeting our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging objectives.
Candidates applying for roles that operate and remotely operate the AV: Licensed to drive a motor vehicle in the U.S. for the three years immediately preceding your application, currently holding an active in-state regular drivers license or equivalent, and no more than one point on driving record. A successful completion of a background check, drug screen and DMV Motor Vehicle Record check is also required.
Note to Recruitment Agencies: Cruise does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Furthermore, Cruise does not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved partners. 