Were Cruise, a self-driving service designed for the cities we love.
Were building the worlds most advanced self-driving vehicles to safely connect people to the places, things, and experiences they care about. We believe self-driving vehicles will help save lives, reshape cities, give back time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for many.
In our cars, youre free to be yourself. Its the same here at Cruise. Were creating a culture that values the experiences and contributions of all of the unique individuals who collectively make up Cruise, so that every employee can do their best work. 
Cruise is committed to building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment, both in our workplace and in our products. If you are looking to play a part in making a positive impact in the world by advancing the revolutionary work of self-driving cars, come join us. Even if you might not meet every requirement, we strongly encourage you to apply. You might just be the right candidate for us. 
The Machine Learning Orchestration team owns and develops Cruises workflow management platform. The platform provides a semantic orchestration framework for machine learning workflows and data processing at Cruise. We provide the necessary orchestration, big data, and compute layer to greatly accelerate the development cycle of AV engineers by empowering engineers to focus on improving the cars safety and performance.
We are seeking an experienced Senior Software Engineer to lead key initiatives within our ML Orchestration team, focused on helping scale our platform, create automation and self-service tools for our users, and help us run ML pipelines efficiently at scale. The successful candidate will have experience building and running scalable distributed systems, an understanding of open-sourced orchestration platforms such as AirFlow  KubeFlow  MetaFlow  Flyte, will bring innovative ideas and approaches, and should have intellectual curiosity, and strong problem-solving skills. 
[Note]: This role is for a machine learning infrastructure engineering team, not an applied machine learning team. This team does not build ML models for specific applications. The team is focused on the infrastructure products that help our customers do machine learning and data science at scale. Experience with ML or data platforms is helpful to understand our customer use cases, but your team will not do any applied ML.
What youll be doing:

Use the latest cloud (GCPAzure) technologies to own, design, implement and test scalable distributed compute and data processing in the cloud. Champion engineering excellence by continuously improving systems and processes.
Own technical projects from start to finish, and be responsible for major technical design decisions and tradeoffs. 
Effectively participate in teams planning, code reviews, and design discussions
Consider the effects of projects across multiple teams and proactively manage conflicts. Work together with partner teams to achieve cross-departmental goals and satisfy broad requirements
Conduct technical interviews with well-calibrated standards and play an essential role in recruiting activities. Effectively onboard and mentor junior engineers andor interns

What you must have:

5 years experience, with work on large-scale distributed systems preferred
2 years of experience leading and driving complex projects.
Experience building scalable infrastructure on the cloud with Python, C, or Golang (or similar)
Experience working with relational and NoSQL databases
Experience developing and maintaining systems at scale
BS, MS, or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, or another relevant field; or equivalent real-world experience
Passionate about self-driving technology and its potential impact on the world
Attention to detail and a passion for truth
A track record of efficiently solving complex problems
Startup mentality - openness to dealing with unknown unknowns and wearing many hats

Bonus Points!

Experience with Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure, or Amazon Web Services
Experience with open-source orchestration platforms such as Kubeflow, Flyte, Airflow, Metaflow, Prefect, Cadence, etc.
Experience with Kubernetes
Understanding of Machine Learning (ML) modelspipelines
PythonCGolang proficiency
Relevant publications




The salary range for this position is 193,900 - 285,000. Compensation will vary depending on location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. You may also be offered a bonus, restricted stock units, and benefits. These ranges are subject to change.

Why Cruise?


Our benefits are here to support the whole you:




Competitive salary and benefits 
401(k) Cruise matching program 
Medical  dental  vision, ADD and Life
Subsidized mental health benefits
Flexible vacation and company paid holidays
Healthy meals and snacks available for non-remote employees
Paid parental, jury duty, bereavement, family care, and medical leave
Fertility Benefits
Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account
Flexible Spending Account 
Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Plan for non-remote employees
CruiseFlex, a working policy for US-Based Cruisers, lets you and your manager find the working style thats best for you, whether its primarily in-person, primarily at home, or a combination of home and in-office time. - learn more about CruiseFlex here




Were Integrated





Through our partnerships with General Motors and Honda, we are the only self-driving company with fully integrated manufacturing at scale.





Were Funded




GM, Honda, Microsoft, T. Rowe Price, and Walmart have invested billions in Cruise. Their backing for our technology demonstrates their confidence in our progress, team, and vision and makes us one of the leading autonomous vehicle organizations in the industry. Our deep resources greatly accelerate our operating speed.




Were Independent




We have our own governance, board of directors, equity, and investors. Our independence allows us to not just work on the edge of technology, but also define it.




Were Vested




You wont just own your work here, youll have the potential to own equity in Cruise, too. We are competing in a market that is projected to grow exponentially, which gives our company valuation room to grow. We offer a new kind of equity program called Recurring Liquidity Opportunity (RLO), which combines IPO-like liquidity with the stability of remaining private - learn more about RLO here




Were Safety Conscious

We integrate staysafe, our top priority at Cruise, into our everyday work. Through our Safety Management System, every Cruiser is asked to do their part by reporting any potential issues or hazards they observe and making continuous improvements. Youll be able to contribute to safety at Cruise, no matter your job function or title.



Cruise LLC is an equal opportunity employer. We strive to create a supportive and inclusive workplace where contributions are valued and celebrated, and our employees thrive by being themselves and are inspired to do the best work of their lives. We seek applicants of all backgrounds and identities, across race, color, caste, ethnicity, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy or parental status, or disability. Applicants will not be discriminated against based on these or other protected categories or social identities. Cruise will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records, in accordance with applicable laws.
Cruise is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. If reasonable accommodation is needed to participate in the job application or interview process please let our recruiting team know or email HRgetcruise.com.
We proactively work to design hiring processes that promote equity and inclusion while mitigating bias. To help us track the effectiveness and inclusivity of our recruiting efforts, please consider answering the following demographic questions. Answering these questions is entirely voluntary. Your answers to these questions will not be shared with the hiring decision makers and will not impact the hiring decision in any way. Instead, Cruise will use this information not only to comply with any government reporting obligations but also to track our progress toward meeting our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging objectives.
Candidates applying for roles that operate and remotely operate the AV: Licensed to drive a motor vehicle in the U.S. for the three years immediately preceding your application, currently holding an active in-state regular drivers license or equivalent, and no more than one point on driving record. A successful completion of a background check, drug screen and DMV Motor Vehicle Record check is also required.
Note to Recruitment Agencies: Cruise does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Furthermore, Cruise does not pay placement fees for candidates submitted by any agency other than its approved partners. 