 
Mission:
Cloud Solutions Engineer at Databricks develops innovative software tooling to assist engineers to be more efficient at their jobs. You will work with different cross functional teams and content creators, to design, and build a variety of tools and pipelines. You will be the part of the go to team for all automation and tooling across the organisation. . You will report to the Manager , Cloud Solutions.This will be a hybridonsite role based in Bengaluru, India.
Impact you will have:

Design and development of several automations and tools ranging from diagnostic tools, logging apps, generic parsers, LLM based bots to several frameworks.
Maintenance and support of all infrastructure.
Work with content creators, users, designers and other engineers to gather requirements and ensure tool design specifications are met.
Design and development of simple and user-friendly interfaces for tools adoption.

Competencies:

Minimum 4 years of analytical and programming skills (preferably, Python and SQL)
Very strong data structure and algorithm skills
Well versed with Machine Learning concepts and hands-on experience with:

Natural Language Processing
Unsupervised and supervised learning pipelines (Classification, clustering, etc.)
Recommendation algorithms
NER (Entity recognition)
Experience with neural networks and Deep learning algorithms is preferred


Knowledge about

LLMs
Vector storesdatabases
Prompt Engineering
Embeddings and their implementations


Some hands-on experience in implementations of the above MLAI will be preferred

Benefits

Medical Benefits
Employees Provident Fund
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance

 
 About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.