SLSQ224R199
Databricks operates at the leading edge of the Unified Data Analytics and AI space. Our customers turn to us to lead the accelerated innovation that their businesses need to gain first mover advantage in todays ultra competitive landscape.
As we continue our rapid expansion across Northern Europe, we are looking for a creative, customer focussed Named Account Executive to join the team either in Amsterdam or remotely in the Netherlands to maximise the phenomenal market opportunity that exists for Databricks in the public sector in the Netherlands and Belgium. Reporting to our Director of Enterprise Sales, as a Named Account Executive at Databricks you will manage a portfolio of public sector clients. You will come with an informed point of view on Big Data, Advanced Analytics and AI which will help to guide your successful execution strategy and allow you to provide value to these important clients. 
 
The impact you will have: 

Assess your account portfolio and develop a strategy to meet and exceed revenue goals
Build positive relationships with key decision makers and establish yourself as a trusted advisor within your key accounts
Identify land opportunities and develop the expand  consumption use cases within your key accounts
Orchestrate and utilise internal teams to maximise the impact on your ecosystem
Showcase exceptional value with all engagements to guide successful negotiations to close point

 
What we look for:

Track record of over achieving against quota
Experience selling complex software deals to public sector institutions in the Netherlands andor Belgium
Understanding of consumption-based land and expand sales models
Evidence of creating demand that delivered substantial business value
Experience following sales methodologies and process, e.g. account planning, MEDDPICC, Value Selling, Command of the Message and accurate forecasting
Build champions and collaborative teams to support the delivery and execution of your territory plan
Experience developing a clear partner strategy and managing it to success
Understanding of how to identify important uses cases and buying centres to increase the impact of Databricks within an organisation
Fluent English and Dutch language skills essential

 
Benefits 

Health insurance reimbursement and collective healthcare scheme
Life, accident and income protection insurance
Company pension with employer contribution
Enhanced Parental Leave
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Home office  headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus

LI-RemoteAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.