SLSQ423R442
We are looking for an Sales Director to join our growing business in South Korea. You will lead a team of Enterprise Account Executives and you will be measured by achieving your teams overall quota, new logo acquisition, and growing Databricks usage. This is a team of account executives that are passionate about building a data ecosystem in the South Korea region, technically knowledgeable, and have a desire to help customers and partners succeed. You will report to the VP  General Manager, South Korea
The impact you will have: 


Build a team of motivated Enterprise Account Executives to increase growth in strategic and emerging markets


Inspire a culture of teamwork, leading with value, and achieving desired customers outcomes


Develop trust-based relationships with customers and partners to ensure South Koreas long-term success


Encourage learning and ongoing understanding of technical product details and our future product roadmap


Lead our South Korea Digital Native Business growth plans, ensure forecast accuracy and a predictable, high-growth business


What we look for:


You have the desire to build a collaborative, inspired team culture


You live our core values: customer obsession, teamwork makes the dream work, own it, and let the data decide!


Experience (5 or more years) building a high-growth sales team serving enterprise customers in the Korea region within the Big Data, Cloud, or SaaS Sales Industry


History of exceeding sales quotas in similar high-growth Enterprise software companies


Experience selling to DNB  Media and Entertainment customers


Understanding of value selling and structured methodologies e.g. MEDDPICC, Challenger, Command of Message


Knowledge of developing the partner ecosystem to help grow strategic enterprise territories


Success implementing strategies for usage and booking-based sales revenue models


Benefits 

Benefits allowance
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.