GAQ224R77Location: San Francisco, CA or Mountain View, CA
At Databricks, we are passionate about helping data teams solve the worlds most challenging problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business.
Databricks Information Technology (IT), is a product-led organization transforming the way we work from how easy it is to use our IT services to the applications we develop that help us scale in the face of incredible growth.
Databricks IT is looking for a Staff Technical Program Manager to help build a strong practice of delivery and execution of projects to support the growth and scale the function globally as Databricks continues our hyper-growth. You will work closely with the product owners, leaders and partners across lines of business to define and shape ideas for business transformation projects into actionable plans aligned with best practices and long-term goals. As the Program Manager focussed on Business applications, you will be responsible for planning and coordinating with multiple groups to deliver notable business value to our customers through enterprise-class product releases at a regular  frequent cadence. You will report to the VP of FIntech as part of the CIOs organization.
The impact you will have:


You will apply your experience with the software development life cycle models, your knowledge of Agile and traditional project management principlespractices your experience and blend them together in the right proportions that are best suited to achieve results.


You will build and coordinate all aspects of a program, including: detailed project plans, resource allocations, risksissues remediation, status reporting, budget management, and serve as the primary go-to person for project details.


You will maintain a deep, technical end-to-end understanding of the solution being built, its upstreamdownstream dependencies and impacts, and the resulting customer journey experienced by our users.


You will lead multiple concurrent programs varying in size, scope and complexity, spanning across several different teams and organizations.


You will create communications that can be consumed at different levels of the organization  from executive-level presentations, to materials consumed by other teams.


You will collaborate with Product Managers, Engineering leaders, Architects, Data Engineers  Business stakeholders to deliver the important transformational programs in the IT applications team 


You will identify risks in all assigned areas; work with teams and management to mitigate these risks before they become issues.


You will understand, surface, and understand technical challenges partnering with the Product Manager to guide the option that delivers the best customer experience.


You will pursue delivery excellence to ensure success, and ensure all team members understand the goals, and success criteria. Uphold a culture of focus, delivery, and accountability across the organization


What we look for:


8 years of related experience with a Bachelors degree; or 6 years and a Masters degree; or a PhD with 3 years of experience; or equivalent work experience.


Good understanding of quote to cash process, billing  rating, SFDC, ERP functions, ability to look at processes end to end, basic skill to write queries to extract data


Consumption based business process experience is a plus


Software development, testingUAT program management experience with large-scale programs in a mature PMO


Understanding of cloud services, application hosting, operational practices and technical planning.


Experience modulating the presentation of information based on your audience: from a C-level executive to an Individual Contributor.


Experience leading broad programs across organizations in a matrixed, globally-diverse workforce.


Experience using AgileScrum methodologies and an Agile certification - PMI-ACP,  SAFe or equivalent.


Experience leading design and technical trade-off conversations to closure.


Experience with applications such as Jira, or other backlog management tools and project management tools.


Benefits



Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision


401(k) Plan


Equity awards


Flexible time off


Paid parental leave


Family Planning


Gym reimbursement


Annual personal development fund


Employee Assistance Program (EAP)


Mental wellness resources



Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range134,500—238,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.