SLSQ424R302
We are looking for a Senior Sales Director to join our rapidly growing business in Switzerland. You will lead a team of Strategic Account Executives and be measured on your teams achievement of revenue goals, new logo wins and increased Databricks usage. This is a team of experienced and highly skilled Account Executives that are passionate about helping our customers to succeed by leveraging Data  AI.
You will be responsible for overseeing and motivating the sales team to create and execute sales plans, develop new business, expand existing business and provide accurate and timely sales forecasting and reporting. 
This is an unique opportunity to build and lead an integral part of the EMEA sales team. As such, we are looking for self-motivated owners who want to go the extra mile and be the very best at what they do.
What Youll Do

Build and manage a growing team of sales executives, ensuring you coach them to develop the skills and behaviours they will need to succeed
Establish company territory and account plans, team structure, individual quotas and patches for your team, including investment capacity requirements
Report on revenue forecast and strategic GTM initiatives
Partner with cross-functional teams to create, implement, and manage a complete revenue and customer success process
Manage the front-line voice of Databricks, effectively communicating the value proposition through proposals and presentations
Inspire a culture of teamwork, leading with value and achieving desired customers outcomes
Develop trust-based relationships with customers and partners to ensure the companies  long-term success in Switzerland
Utilise your business network to develop a pipeline and hire qualified candidates to grow the team
Encourage learning and ongoing understanding of technical product details and our future product roadmap
Establish and expand Strategic  Regional System Integrator partnerships to support the development of our customer base and prospects

What Youll Need

Experience as a high-growth enterprise software sales leader (8-10 years) with demonstrable track record of success leading high-performing sales teams serving large enterprise accounts in Switzerland within Big Data, Cloud, or SaaS Sales Industry
Ability to engage and hire the best sales talent in the market
Expert knowledge of value based selling to C-Suite, business and IT stakeholders and be able to articulate the value and align it with customer outcomes and initiatives
Clear focus and emphasis on methodology based sales coaching, MEDDPIC and a Challenger mentality
Experience in leadership roles focussed on developing and growing new sales organisations 
You live our core values: customer obsessed, raise the bar, truth seeking, first principles, bias for action, and company first.
History of exceeding sales quotas in similar high-growth technology companies
Knowledge of developing the partner ecosystem to help grow Enterprise strategic territories
Success implementing strategies for consumption and commitment based sales revenue models
Able to deliver accurate and timely sales forecasts and management reporting using SFDC as well as Clari (preferable not mandatory)
Fluent in German and English

Benefits (Switzerland)

Life, accident and disability insurance 
Pension Plan 
Equity awards 
Enhanced Parental Leaves 
Fitness reimbursement 
Annual career development fund 
Home office  work headphones reimbursement 
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources 
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.