SLSQ424R407
We are looking for an experienced Senior Enablement Lead to develop effective sales teams at scale through efficient processes and programs. Based in Munich or Paris you will report to the Director of EMEA Sales Enablement and your success will be measured by the impact of your enablement solutions, collaboration across internal teams, and the level of support you provide to teams as they reach sales goals.
The impact you will have:

As an enablement lead, you will use your ability to model, coach and demonstrate the required skills to all levels. You will collaborate with both non-technical and technical field roles to coordinate efforts across broad partner groups. As a subject matter expert in field enablement and program leadership, you will navigate through the entire customer lifecycle, implementing the EMEA enablement plan, gather and prioritize training requirements, and build consensus with internal partners
Scale enablement programs and team to build measurable success across EMEA
Maintain a trusted partnership with Regional leadership and align priorities to growth
Improve enablement efforts by gathering feedback from new and current Sales teams
Increase pipeline and qualified opportunities by designing and implementing enablement programs: New Hire Onboarding, LMS training modules, regular enablement calls and localized in person training
Align company efforts and content by partnering with teams such as Product Marketing
Support onboarding to build foundational sales capabilities

What we look for:

Significant experience in either field enablement or sales functions for a medium or large global enterprise organizations
Proven track record of driving complex go-to-market business programs at scale through the entire customer life cycle, working with internal stakeholders and partner organizations
An understanding of the competencies, processes and nuances associated with a technical platform-as-a-service sales motion  
Collaborate and work seamlessly with multiple internal groups (eg. Partners, Field Engineering Sales, Marketing, and Senior Executives) as well as with international teams to build a unified and coordinated strategy
Experience assessing readiness gaps, and partnering with the global enablement team to build and deliver change management and training programs
Knowledge of selling tools like LinkedIn Navigator, Outreach
Experience in motivating, teaching, empowering and inspiring through virtual and instructor led training

Benefits

Private medical insurance
Private life and disability coverage
Pension Plan
Equity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.