GAQ124R70
Location : San Francisco, CA or Mountain View, CA
At Databricks, we are passionate about helping data teams solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers — and customer obsessed — we leap at every opportunity to solve technical challenges, from designing next-gen UIUX for interfacing with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. And were only getting started.
At Databricks Information Technology, we are a product led organization transforming the way we work from how easy it is to use our IT services to the applications we develop that help us scale seamlessly in face of incredible growth.
The impact you will have:


As a full stack software engineer (70 FE  30 BE), you will work with your team to build amazing toolsapplications for internal company use. We are building a custom development team in Information technology and you will work on a broad set of interesting projects that will be challenging and provide competitive advantage to us not ordinarily derived from SaaS products


You will report to the Director of IT Business Systems as part of the CIOs organization


You will architect complex solutions sharing your knowledge of top of tech trends, experimenting with and learning new technologies in order to mentor and uplevel other team members


You will collaborate with product managers, and create robust cloud-based solutions


You will build full stack applications on cloud native distributed systems for compensation tooling, performance management, and focal management along with integration services with Databricks platform.


You will build quality framework that enables real-time identification of sourcedestination data issues


You will build tools or implement low codeno code options to help automate several business processes


You will build amazing and simple to use interfaces to applications that promote massive adoption of products


You will supportscale internal tools that are built on cloud native distributed systems


What we look for:


8 years of related experience with ReactJS, Flask, Python, Java, Go and MySql and a Bachelors degree; or equivalent work experience.


Experience developing scalable and resilient applications


Experience working on a SaaS platform or with Service-Oriented Architectures


Experience with cloud technologies, e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP, Docker, or Kubernetes


Experience with security and systems that handle sensitive data


Benefits


Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision


401(k) Plan


Equity awards


Flexible time off


Paid parental leave


Family Planning


Gym reimbursement


Annual personal development fund


Work headphones reimbursement


Employee Assistance Program (EAP)


Business travel accident insurance


Mental wellness resources


Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range136,500—241,500 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.