While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.
The Product Partnerships team is focused on building a vibrant, Modern Data and AI Stack platform ecosystem. With over a 100 ISV partners in our ecosystem already, were just getting started. As part of the team you will build deep relationships with the best companies in the data and AI space. You will create customer opportunities by using the ISV Partner Ecosystem, you will guide ISV partners to develop new integrations and improve product portfolio by working with and providing feedback to engineering. This role will report to the Sr. Director of Technology Partners.
The ideal candidate will have data and some technical background along with a track record of building and growing partnerships.
 
The impact you will have:

Become a technical expert on the full Databricks platform
Participate in the technical qualification of an integration and identify value of a partnership to customers, Databricks and partners
Provide technical leadership in the delivery of an ISV integration - this includes activities such as best practices for integration, removing technical roadblocks, educating partners on Databricks products and rolling up feedback to PM on integration needs of partners
Project manage technical aspects of the life cycle of an ISV integration from design to ongoing evolution
Build references architectures, presentations, and demos for field organization and technical marketing purposes
Validate integrations, along with infrastructure for automating tests and demo environments
Participate as an overlay pre-sales role in sales cycles involving partner products
Participate as a subject matter expert in ongoing success of customers who have adopted integrations
Help measure results of partnerships
Participate in continued evolution of the partnership ecosystem
Travel to partner and Databricks conferences

What we look for:

Enterprise software architecture in the context of data products (data engineering, AIML or BI)
Prior experience in partner solutions architecture or business development teams
5 or more years in partner or customer-facing pre-sales, technical architecture or consulting role
Architect distributed data systems
Comfortable writing code in either Python, Scala or Java
Basic SQL experience
Experience with Big Data Technologies such as Spark, Hadoop, Kafka, and Storm
Experience working on clouds (AWS, Azure or GCP)
Comfortable with traveling to domestic and international locations

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance

COVID-19 Vaccination Requirement
As a federal government contractor, Databricks requires new U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Proof of vaccination will be required as a condition of employment. Databricks will make reasonable accommodations based on medical conditions or religious grounds for qualified candidates in accordance with applicable law.
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range139,700—247,300 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.