RDQ421R25
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers, we leap at every opportunity to tackle technical challenges, from designing next-gen UIUX for interfacing with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. And were only getting started.
 
You will be a Product Manager for Unity Catalog (https:databricks.comproductunity-catalog). Unity Catalog is the metadata and governance foundation for the Lakehouse, providing not only fine grained security and governance capabilities, but also performance and productivity capabilities such as lineage, search, discovery, auditing, and compliance, for our customers data and AI assets.
 
This role requires coordinating all product activities from vision to implementation, including engaging large enterprise customers to understand their needs, developing long-term product strategy, defining product roadmaps, working with engineering to build those products, and coordinating with various internal stakeholders (both pre- and post-launch) to ensure product success.
The impact you will have: 

Design and launch new data classification, security, and governance capabilities as part of Unity Catalog.
Identify and work closely with key partners, as well as our Technology Partners team, to develop and execute on joint roadmaps to create a seamless data governance experience for customers.
Define and build new platform services that enable Databricks data  AI product teams (MLAI, Data Science  Engineering, Data Warehousing, etc.) to easily add new workload-specific governance capabilities that enhance the value of Unity Catalog and the Lakehouse.
Take new features you envision from ideation  exploration with customers to full launch and rollout, including marketing plan and field enablement.
Bring insights about the data governance persona, our customers, and the market at large to the engineering and leadership team by working closely with our customers and partners.

What we look for:

7 years of Product Management or relevant Engineering Leadership position.
Experience working with databases andor data warehouses, security, and catalogs.
Experience building user-facing products for Data Analysts, Scientists, andor Engineers.
Strong track record of delivering products with cross-functional teams common to the enterprise software industry (field engineering, sales, marketing, partnerships, etc.).
Experience in working closely with enterprise customers and ISV partners in the data market.
Educational background in computer science or related engineering practice.

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range158,200—280,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.