RDQ123R351
At Databricks, we are passionate about helping data teams solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. To achieve our mission, we strive to radically simplify the experience of our users as they undertake complex data management projects, while ensuring that we protect their data with the highest standards of security.
You will lead all aspects of multi-cloud networking and network security for the Lakehouse platform. You will drive the product strategy for end-to-end private and secure connectivity between users, workloads and data. You will create elegant yet simple policy models that enable customers to control access to their most important assets. Your work will help IT and security administrators feel at ease with increasing Databricks usage in their organization. Our data champions will benefit from the operational simplicity you provide, to ensure that they can focus their time on creating most value for their users. You will report to a Senior Director of Product management.
The impact you will have

Make security a market differentiator that enables Databricks to succeed in enterprise and regulated industries.
Help Databricks gain the trust of CSO teams of security sensitive customers and qualify the Lakehouse platform for all data classes in the customer organization.
Build a vision for a best-in-class network security policy model that provides secure access to customer workloads and data while minimizing exposure to unauthorized access and risk of data loss.
Simplify customer journeys through easy-to-use workflows for providing private and secure connectivity across users, workloads and data.
Deepen our understanding of evolving threats and corresponding technologies in network security. Use customer inputs to serve as an expert and propose new innovations or best practices from the industry.
Rationalize and refine the differences in customer experience and network security technologies across multiple clouds including Azure, AWS and Google Cloud.

What we look for

An accomplished product lead who can define and deliver on success metrics, summarize customer inputs into actionable requirements, and crisply communicate product value proposition to customers and sales teams.
8 years of product management experience with enterprise or SaaS products, with experience delivering successful customer-facing productsfeatures.
Background in cloud networking andor policy-based network security.
Experience partnering with senior engineering leadership with an ability to deep-dive into complex technical concepts.
Experience driving business results through influential leadership across multiple partner teams including engineering, sales, marketing, solution architects and customer success.
Passion for designing products that simplify user experience of technically complex products.

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mental wellness resources

COVID-19 Vaccination Requirement
As a federal government contractor, Databricks requires new U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Proof of vaccination will be required as a condition of employment. Databricks will make reasonable accommodations based on medical conditions or religious grounds for qualified candidates in accordance with applicable law.
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range131,200—232,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.