P-78
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers — and customer obsessed — we leap at every opportunity to solve technical challenges, from designing next-gen UIUX for interfacing with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. And were only getting started.
As a Senior Software Engineer on the Infrastructure teams, you will build scalable systems to power the Databricks platform, making it the de-facto platform for running Big Data and AI workloads. You will build and extend the Databricks infrastructure platform, which includes multi-cloud systems and services for managing thousands of Kubernetes clusters at scale, storing petabytes of data, highly scalable and distributed API gateways, rate limiting framework, network security and encryption, developer tools and infrastructure (we use Bazel), testing frameworks, and scalable CICD framework among many others.
The impact you will have:

Build and extend components of the core Databricks infrastructure
Architect multi-cloud systems and abstractions to allow the Databricks product to run on top of existing Cloud providers
Improve software development workflows for engineering and operational efficiency.
Use our own data and AI platform (yes!) to analyze build and test logs and metrics to identify areas for improvement.
Develop automated build, test, and release infrastructures.
Set and uphold the standard for engineering processes to support high-quality engineering, including style and code checking, test harnesses, and release packaging.

What we look for:

BS (or higher) in Computer Science, or a related field
5 years of experience writing production code in one of: Java, Scala, Go, C or Python
Passion for building highly scalable and reliable infrastructure
Experience architecting, developing and deploying large-scale distributed systems at scale
Experience with cloud APIs (e.g., a public cloud such as AWS, Azure, GCP or an advanced private cloud such as Google, Facebook)
Experience with cloud technologies, e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP, Docker, Kubernetes, or Terraform.

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance

COVID-19 Vaccination Requirement
As a federal government contractor, Databricks requires new U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Proof of vaccination will be required as a condition of employment. Databricks will make reasonable accommodations based on medical conditions or religious grounds for qualified candidates in accordance with applicable law.
 
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range166,000—225,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.