CSQ224R98
At Databricks, we are on a mission to empower our customers to solve the worlds toughest data problems by utilizing the Lakehouse platform. As an Associate Customer Data Engineer, you will play a critical role during this customer journey. You will directly work with customers to help them onboard and deploy Databricks in a production environment.
The impact you will have 

You will be part of a team responsible for onboarding new customers to the Databricks platform and assisting customers to use the various features on the platform.
You will become an expert on the Databricks platform and guide customers to make the best technical decisions to achieve their goals
You will actively work across multiple customer onboardings and track and report on their progress.

What we look for:

Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or relevant experience 
0-2 years experience in a technical role preferably in the data field. 
Programming experience in PythonScala and SQL
Working knowledge of end to end data analytics workflow
Hands on experience in one of the following:

Data Engineering technologies (e.g., Spark, Hadoop, Kafka)
Data Science and Machine Learning technologies (e.g., pandas, scikit-learn, HPO)
Data Warehousing (e.g., SQL, OLTPOLAPDSS)


Excellent time management and prioritization skills
Knowledge of public cloud platforms AWS, Azure or GCP would be a bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.