GAQ224R80
Location: San Francisco, CA or Mountain View, CA
At Databricks Information Technology, we are a product led organization transforming the way data is sourced, designed and used to help us scale seamlessly in face of incredible growth. We are looking for an experienced Data Product Manager who will drive our enterprise data and AI strategy and roadmap using Databricks own product set for all internal use-cases. 
As the Product Manager, you will work closely with leaders and partners across lines of business to form a roadmap and shape ideas into plans, solutions and products aligned with our best practices and long-term goals. You will own the business outcomes of the data and AI projects by working closely with the engineering and analytics teams. 
You will join a growing Data Analytics, Engineering  Integration team and will report to the Sr Director of Data Analytics, Engineering and Integrations  
The impact you will have:

DesignStrategy: As a Data Product Manager at Databricks, you will be responsible for defining the product vision and strategy for end-to-end data and AI products, which will drive company wide analytical and operational impact. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to identify business opportunities and define product requirements.
Collaboration: The role of a Data Product Manager is collaborative in nature. You will work closely with engineering teams to ensure timely delivery of high-quality products while also working with business teams to drive adoption of these products.
Analytics: In this role, you will play an analytical role in quickly analyzing the opportunities of data products, scoping requirements,  subsequently translating results into good technical designs.

What we look for:

8 years of related experience with a Bachelors degree; or 6 years and a Masters degree;
Strong understanding of big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark etc. and related data products 
Experience in developing technical roadmaps and prototypes, trying out new technologies and collaborating with a global set of team members 
Strong data and metrics skills to backup assumptions, recommendations and drive actions
Knowledge of agile methodologies
Ability to communicate effectively across all levels within an organization

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range112,100—198,500 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.