SLSQ424R271
Databricks operates at the leading edge of the Unified Data Analytics space and our customers turn to us to promote the accelerated innovation that their businesses need to gain first mover advantage in todays competitive landscape.
Were looking for a Business Development Representative to help increase revenue across accounts in the Japan Market! This role is perfect for a dynamic sales professional with previously experience in a similar role, looking to help scale out a game-changing enterprise software company and have the opportunity to really accelerate your career. You will report to the Sr. Manager, of the APJ Sales Development team.
The impact you will have:

Develop your skill-set around value-based selling, big data and AI
Prioritise and qualify high volume inbound leads from Marketing programs and promotions
Create outbound activities through personalised email, cold calling, social selling for opportunity qualification
Develop compelling outreach campaigns for all levels of buyers, including senior executives, to create opportunities in essential target accounts
Uncover and identify client needs and progressing conversations into sales opportunities through communicating how Databricks can help solve their Data challenges

What we look for:

Minimum of 1 year of previous work experience in both inbound and outbound sales and inquiries is advantageous
Ability to understand technical concepts and has a genuine enthusiasm for technology
Determination and courage to succeed and lean in to build the next best enterprise software company
Consistent, measurable over-achievement in past experiences
Curiosity and hunger to learn and stay up-to-date about the big dataAI industry
High degree of ownership
Fluency in Japanese with business level English is a requirement

Benefits

Benefits allowance
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
Mental wellness resources
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.