P-187
Databricks is radically simplifying the entire data lifecycle, from ingestion to generative AI and everything in-between. Were doing it cross-cloud with a unified platform, currently serving over 10k customers, processing exabytes of dataday on 15 million VMs, and growing exponentially. 
To make it happen were building multi-cloud systems at every corner of the data ecosystem, from query engines, vector databases, training pipelines, and storage systems, down to the infrastructure that allows them to scale like auto-sharders, caches, and load balancers, just to name a few. We also build and support the tooling, languages, and stacks that bring it together. Basically, we do it all. 
The space we work in and the problems we solve are massive, complex, and very deep (our published work on Lakehouse, Delta lake, and Photon are a testament to that). Were looking for practitioners who are eager to work with the best in industry to push the boundaries of whats possible for our customers. If youre truth seeking, data driven, and love to operate from first principles (head fake: our core values), then Databricks is the place for you.
 
As a part of the Database Engine team, there are opportunities to design and implement in many areas that leapfrog existing state-of-the-art systems:

Query compilation  optimization
Distributed query execution and scheduling
Vectorized engine execution
Data security
Resource Management
Transaction coordination
Efficient storage structures (encoding, indexes)
Automatic physical data optimization

 
What we look for:

PhD in databases or systems
A passion for database systems, storage systems, distributed systems, language design, andor performance optimization
Motivated by delivering customer value and impact

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range150,000—190,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.