SLSQ424R414As a Digital Native Account Executive at Databricks, you are passionate about selling to high-growth, venture-backed companies. You will sell to the most technologically advanced companies in the world. You know how to compress decision cycles by penetrating accounts fast and demonstrating the value to the customer. You love understanding a product in-depth and are passionate about communicating its value to Customers. You will focus on closing new accounts by always looking for new opportunities. Along with the chance to close exciting deals, we also offer accelerators above 100 quota accomplishment. 
The impact you will have:

You will have a direct influence on the data strategy of the most disruptive companies today
You will communicate account strategy to Databricks Senior Leadership on a regular basis
You will allocate Databricks resources to break into new accounts and grow existing accounts
Meet with C-Level Executives to Practitioner level to understand how Databricks can make an impact on business outcomes
Exceed activity, pipeline, and revenue targets
You will use a creative, fail-fast approach to selling and creating value for customers
You will build a plan for success internally at Databricks and externally with your accounts

What we look for:

Passion for selling a highly technical product in the cloud
5 years of experience with Open Source Technologies and build vs buy decision-making
5 -10 years of experience with Value Selling Methodologies
A creative salesperson with a well-defined prospecting motion
Sales experience within big data, Cloud, or SaaS sales
Proven years of experience exceeding sales quotas
Success closing new accounts while working on existing accounts

Benefits

Benefits allowance
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
Mental wellness resources

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range188,600—333,600 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.