P-58
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems, from security threat detection to cancer drug development. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform, so our customers can focus on the high value challenges that are central to their own missions. Our engineering teams build technical products that fulfill real, important needs in the world. We always push the boundaries of data and AI technology, while simultaneously operating with the resilience, security and scale that is important to making customers successful on our platform.
We develop and operate one of the largest scale software platforms. The fleet consists of millions of virtual machines, generating terabytes of logs and processing exabytes of data per day. At our scale, we observe cloud hardware, network, and operating system faults, and our software must gracefully shield our customers from any of the above.
As a Staff Software Engineer working on the Data Platform team you will help build the data platform for Databricks. You will architect and run highly-available, large-scale, multi-geo data pipelines for analyzing product telemetry and logs, and using it to guide business decisions. You will do this using the latest, bleeding-edge Databricks product and other tools in the data ecosystem - the team also functions as a large, production, in-house customer that dog foods Databricks and guides the future direction of the product.
The impact you will have:

Design and run the cross-company Data Lakehouse, which contains every business and product metric used to run Databricks. Youll play a key role in developing the right balance of data protections and ease of shareability for the Lakehouse, as we transition to a public company.
Develop tooling and infrastructure to efficiently manage and run Databricks on Databricks at scale, across multiple clouds, geographies and deployment types. This includes CICD processes, test frameworks for pipelines and data quality, and infrastructure-as-code tooling.
Design and run the Databricks metrics store that enables all business units and engineering teams to bring their detailed metrics into a common platform for sharing and aggregation, with high quality, introspection ability and query performance. 
Design the base ETL framework used by all pipelines developed at the company.
Partner with our engineering teams to provide leadership in developing the long-term vision and requirements for the Databricks product.
Build reliable data pipelines and solve data problems using Databricks, our partners products and other OSS tools. Provide early feedback on the design and operations of these products.
Establish conventions and create new APIs for telemetry, debug, feature and audit event log data, and evolve them as the product and underlying services change.
Represent Databricks at academic and industrial conferences  events.

What we look for:

BS (or higher degree) in Computer Science, or a related field
Experience providing technical leadership on large projects similar to the ones described above - ETL frameworks, metrics stores, infrastructure management,  data security.
Experience building, shipping and operating reliable multi-geo data pipelines at scale.
Experience working with and operating workflow or orchestration frameworks, including open source tools like Airflow and DBT or commercial enterprise tools.
Experience with large-scale messaging systems like Kafka or RabbitMQ or commercial systems.
Excellent cross-functional and communication skills, consensus builder.
Passion for data engineering and for enabling others by making their data easier to access.

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range192,000—260,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.