CSQ424R223
As a Resident Solutions Architect, you will have the opportunity to shape the future big data landscape for leading Fortune 500 organizations. This position is a senior level customer-facing role that requires deep expertise in Apache Spark along with a breadth of big data solution architecture experience.
On a weekly basis, you will guide customers through architecture, design, and implementation while strategically aligning their technical roadmap for expanding the usage of the Databricks platform. As part of the RSA team, you will continue to strengthen your technical expertise through mentorship, continuous learning, and internal training programs. This role can be remote, but the ideal candidate will be located in the job listing area and have a willingness to travel up to 30. You will report to the Professional Services Director.
The impact you will have:

You will work on a variety of impactful customer technical projects which may include building reference architectures, how-tos and production grade MVPs
Guide strategic customers as they implement transformational lakehouse projects, 3rd party migrations, including end-to-end design, build and deployment of industry-leading Data and AI solutions
Consult on architecture and design; bootstrap or implement strategic customer projects which leads to a customers successful understanding, evaluation and adoption of Databricks
Provide an escalated level of support for customer operational issues
You will work with the Databricks account team, Project Manager, Architect and customer team to ensure the technical components of the engagement are delivered to meet customers needs

What we look for:

Must be eligible  willing to be processed for a US Government clearance.
Preferred: DoD Secret or Top Secret Clearance
Comfortable traveling to government customer sites on an as-needed basis
Proven experience in a technical consulting role, preferably within the Public Sector
5 years of experience working as a software engineer using a JVM language
Proficient in SQL and either Python or Scala
Proven experience doing design and implementation in the modern data stack
2 years of development experience with either AWS or Azure native services
Preferred: 2 years of development experience in Spark 

Benefits 


Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision


401(k) Plan


Equity Awards


Flexible Time Off


Paid Parental Leave


Family Planning


Fitness Reimbursement


Annual Career Development Fund

Home OfficeWork Headphones Reimbursement

Employee Assistance Program (EAP)


Business Travel Accident Insurance

Mental Wellness Resources

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 2 Pay Range124,800—220,800 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.