RDQ325R8
At Databricks, we are passionate about helping data teams solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business.
As a Product Manager, you will join a team that works diligently to understand and solve our customers most challenging problems. Were hiring across all of our teams, including Machine Learning, Unity Catalog, Databricks SQL, ETL, Streaming, EDA, and Content Organization. You will have a dedicated mentor and will join our 2024 intern cohort where youll connect with product managers, engineers, designers, account teams, other interns, and leaders from across the company.
We are hiring for Amsterdam. 
The impact you will have: 

Work with a team to build features for the Databricks platform
Manage your project end-to-end, including design, code, and feedback
Learn about building a platform that scales quickly while maintaining quality and security

What we look for:

You will graduate in fall 2023 or spring 2024  with a bachelors or masters degree in computer science or related engineering practice
You have some experience with SQL andor Python
You can leverage analytical skills to make data-driven decisions (e.g. analyze product usage)
You are able to make complex topics simple and clearly communicate nuance to stakeholders (engineers, customers, field, etc.) in both written and verbal form 
You are excited to solve ambiguous problems with a collaborative team

Benefits 

Medical insurance reimbursement or collective healthcare scheme
Accident and income protection insurance
Pension Plan
Enhanced Parental
Leaves
Equity awards
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.