FEQ424R286
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.
The Manager, Specialist Solutions Architects will lead a team of Specialist Solutions Architects (SSAs) responsible for key elements of the technical sales cycle. You will grow and develop a dynamic team with expertise in areas including enterprise software, data engineering, and data science  machine learning who will continue to deepen their knowledge of Databricks as the platform expands. You will guide and get involved to enhance your teams effectiveness; be an expert at communicating complex, business value-focused solutions; support complex sales cycles and customer architectures, and build relationships with key stakeholders in large corporations.
The SSA Team is engaged in our most important and complex customer engagements, providing deep technical expertise to both our new and existing customers. Your team provides specialist expertise to the Solution Architect (SA) and Sales teams who are responsible for developing and overseeing the overall technical account strategy. Reporting to the Senior Director, Field Engineering.
The impact you will have:

You will hire, train, and grow a diverse team of Specialist Solutions Architects for Databricks, a company in hyper-growth mode
Exceed your regions consumption targets - by working with your cross-functional counterparts to determine where to deploy your team of technical experts to drive the most critical use cases forward
Make your customers extremely successful with Databricks and provide outsized value to their businesses
Establish relationships across the business to make your customers and team successful
Grow Databricks platform usage and prevent churn in strategic accounts by overseeing and retiring a regional growth quota
Create positive morale for the team and help foster a working relationship between Field Engineering, Sales, and other important internal partners
Help resolve customer questions and concerns on accounts and opportunities deemed strategic by Sales and Pre-sales field leadership
Act in a supportive manager capacity, including handling escalations, mentoring team members, building a career path for the assigned team members, etc.

What we look for:

Experience in senior roles in the data space with a technical product (i.e. data warehousing, big data, or machine learning)
Experience leading technical customer-facing teams (team sizes greater than 5), preferably in a pre-sales organisation leading technical engagements
Trusted advisor to technical executives that guide strategic data infrastructure decisions
Self-starter, challenger, strategic planner  analytical thinker
Lead a team through best practices for technical qualification, proof of concepts, architecture discussions, and product demonstrations
Experience hiring qualified candidates, ramping them up to be successful, and promoting into larger roles.
Experience working with other teams such as Sales, Product Management, and Professional Services
Experience driving software platform adoption in Fortune 500 organisations, preferably in markets such as Finance Services, Health and Life Sciences and Public Sector
Up to 30 of travel is required.

Benefits

Private medical insurance
Private dental insurance
Health Cash Plan
Life, income protection  critical illness insurance
Pension PlanEquity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.