Req ID: GAQ424R72
Databricks is looking for an experienced Contracts Negotiator to support the Enterprise verticals. The Sr. Contracts Negotiator will report to the Sr. Director and Associate General Counsel, Americas Commercial, and be an important part of the team responsible for reviewing and various agreements with our Enterprise customers, providing the highest level of legal support for revenue-generating activities of Databricks.
The Sr. Contracts Negotiator has (1) 5 years of relevant legal experience contracting with enterprise-level entities; (2) background negotiating complex SaaS technology transactions with commercial organizations; and (3) meaningful experience with issues related to privacy, data security, and intellectual property.
The impact you will have: 

You will establish yourself as a trusted member of the legal team that facilitates Databricks rapid revenue growth through drafting and negotiating contracts including SaaS agreements, data processing agreements, partner agreements, and NDAs with large enterprise customers in the Communications  Media, Manufacturing and Retail verticals
You will cultivate relationships and provide strategic advice on our go-to-market efforts
You will contribute as a team player to help further the status of the legal department as a respected and valued resource within the company
You will apply understanding of product, data security and privacy risk matters to address issues with potential customers during negotiation
You will handle major engagements and negotiations, balancing revenue growth with long-term risk

What we look for:

Minimum 5 years experience including at least 3 in-house
Bachelors degree or equivalent with substantial experience with enterprise customer contracting preferably with a focus on software or software-as-a-service offerings
Substantial experience negotiating complex transactions involving privacy, security and IP issues
Excellent knowledge of issues, related laws and industry standards related to SaaS agreements

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 2 Pay Range84,400—149,200 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.