P-212
Mission
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations in various cities around the US.
We are looking for experienced pre-sales professionals who have a successful track record helping large enterprises become more data-driven. Working with the Enterprise Account Executive (AE), the Enterprise SA defines and directs the technical strategy for our largest and important accounts, leading to more widespread use of our products and wider and deeper adoption of ML  AI. You will lean upon your solid background in value selling, technical account management and technical leadership to maximize success in these accounts. While you work with a team that includes hands-on resources who will build proofs of concept and demonstrate Databricks products, you need to be technical and must understand the relevance and application of ML  AI within a range of use cases important to the target accounts in the Financial Services, Banking, and Fintech space
The impact you will have:

You work with 1-3 clients as the main technical voice for Databricks.
You lead your customers on a transformational journey, helping them to evaluate and adopt Databricks as part of their strategy
You implement the technical strategy in the account, in close understanding of the strategy.
You build a movement of technical champions within the account.
You align technical strategies around Databricks solutions.
You provide structured mentorship for other team members.
Gain the respect of your peers based on your experience, insight, and contributions.

What we look for:

Proficiency at establishing virtual teams, and leading them to ultimate success within the account.
Experience working very large ( 1m ARR), global accounts.
Form relationships with executives and influencers.
Present a convincing point-of-view to important decision-makers that leads them down a path of success.
Technical in big data, data science and cloud.
An ability in data-driven business transformation, and driving change with data.

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mental wellness resources

 
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range139,700—247,300 USDZone 2 Pay Range139,700—247,300 USDZone 3 Pay Range139,700—247,300 USDZone 4 Pay Range139,700—247,300 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.