P-345
At Databricks, our customers challenge us with solving some of the worlds toughest data problems. Our customers rely on our Solutions Architect team to understand the technologies that power our platform, the broader cloud and technology ecosystems, and how they can all be brought together to solve these problems.
Solutions Architects at Databricks lead the adoption of the Databricks Unified Analytics Platform. As a member of our team, you will sharpen your skills on open-source projects such as Apache Spark, MLflow, and Delta Lake to advocate the Lakehouse paradigm on public cloud providers. You will gain expertise in cloud platforms, data engineering, data analytics, data science, and machine learning. In this customer-facing role, you will identify use cases for Databricks, develop architectures and solutions using our platform, and guide customers through implementations to deliver strategic business value. You will build relationships with our customers and establish yourself as a trusted advisor.
Databricks culture thrives on collaboration and teamwork, and you will contribute your knowledge to our teams by participating in our subject matter expert groups. In this role, you will report to the Solutions Architect Leader supporting the specific business segment.
If you are a technologist interested in Data and AI, and enjoy prototyping solutions for customers, this role is for you.
The impact you will have: 

Provide technical leadership for customers to evaluate and adopt Data and AI solutions from Databricks
Consult on big data architecture, implement proof of concepts for strategic customer projects, data science and machine learning projects, and validate integrations with cloud services and other 3rd party applications
Build and present reference architectures, technical guides, and demo applications for customers
Provide escalated support for critical customer operational issues
Become an expert in, and evangelize Databricks driven open-source projects (Apache Spark, Delta Lake, MLflow, Koalas) across developer communities through meetups, conferences, and webinars
Use your strengths to help your fellow SAs, and drive cross-functional relationships across the company
Travel to customers (up to 30, of which 80 local to your region)

What we look for:
Solution Architects are customer-facing. Youll need to be comfortable communicating ideas to various audiences through presentations, whiteboarding, architecture discussions, and platform demonstrations.

3 years in a customer-facing pre-sales, technical architecture, or consulting role
Experience designing and architecting distributed data systems
Comfortable programming in and debugging at least one of Python, Scala, Java, SQL, or R
Have built solutions with public cloud providers, such as AWS, Azure, or GCP
Experience in at least one of the following:

Data Engineering technologies (e.g., Spark, Hadoop, Kafka)
Data Warehousing (e.g., SQL, OLTPOLAPDSS)
Data Science and Machine Learning technologies (e.g., pandas, scikit-learn, HPO)


[Preferred] Degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, etc.)
Nice to have: Databricks Certification

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mental wellness resources 

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range139,700—247,300 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.