P-932
 
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business.
Databricks SQL (DB SQL) is a data warehouse on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform that lets you run all your SQL and BI applications at scale. The Databricks SQL Service team (aka Gateway) builds scalable solutions for managing the multi-tenanted DB SQL service. This team provides the compute, workload and query management layer that allows customers to create a data warehouse and scale it within seconds. The team is seeking an Engineering Manager to spearhead the development of the service.
 
The key responsibilities include:

Leading a team of talented software engineers to build the next-generation multi-tenanted, cloud native data warehousing system
Growing the team by hiring strong engineering talent
Leading and participating in technical, product, and design discussions relating to database systems
Managing and operating a highly-available service in the cloud
Growing leaders on the team by providing coaching, mentorship, and growth opportunities
Playing a key role in defining the product and engineering roadmap for the team
Partnering with other engineering and product leaders on planning, prioritization and staffing
Creating a culture of excellence on the team while leading with empathy

 
What we look for:

5 years experience working in, database systems, data processing or related domains
Experience building highly-available cloud services
Building, growing, and managing high performance teams
Experience in defining and meeting SLOs for highly-available systems
Ability to attract and hire engineers who meet the Databricks hiring standards
Knowledge of database internals (highly Preferred)
BS in Computer Science (Masters or PhD Preferred)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range222,000—300,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.