GAQ324R70
At Databricks Information Technology, we are a product led organization transforming the way data is sourced, designed and used to help us scale seamlessly in face of incredible growth.
You will influence decision-making for business teams through data, analytics, and business intelligence. You will guide the business in identifying data needs and delivering mechanisms for acquiring and reporting such information and addressing the actual needs. You will gather and maintain best practices that can be adopted across the business. You will be considered the go-to expert for the business for data analysis, reporting, data warehousing, and business intelligence. You will also be responsible for the daily operations inclusive of troubleshooting and job monitoring.  You will be a part of the growing IT Data team.
The impact you will have:

DesignStrategy: The Data Engineer designs and supports the businesss database and table schemas for new and existing data sources for the data warehouse. Creates and supports the ETL in order to facilitate the accommodation of data into the warehouse. In this capacity, the Data Engineer designs and develops systems for the maintenance of the businesss data warehouse, ETL processes, and business intelligence.
Collaboration: The role of a Data Engineer is highly collaborative - working closely with analysts, data scientists, and other data consumers within the business in an attempt to gather and deliver high quality data for business-cases. The Data Engineer also works closely with other disciplinesdepartments and teams across the business in coming up with simple, functional, and elegant solutions that balance data needs across the business
Analytics: The Data Engineer plays an analytical role in quickly and thoroughly analyzing business requirements and subsequently translating the emanating results into good technical data designs. In this capacity, the Data Engineer establishes the documentation of the data solutions, develops, and maintains technical specification documentation for all reports and processes.

What we look for:

2 years of related experience with a Bachelors degree; or 1 year and a Masters degree
Education degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets. In depth knowledge of data modeling and design of schemas for read and write performance. 
Advanced working knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, API based extraction and highly scalable big data data stores.
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment.
Hands-on experience with Python and SQL is a must
Experience with building data pipelines from business applications like Salesforce, Marketo, NetSuite, Workday etc. 
Experience with Databricks Platform is a big plus
Experience with AIMLData Science is a big plus
Knowledge of BI Tools like Tableau, Looker etc 

About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.