FEQ224R84
You will lead a team of Solutions Architects (Data  AI) focusing on large enterprise  strategic customers in India. You will help lead our APJ Region (Asia Pacific and Japan) expansion, you will build and lead a technical pre-sales team. Your experience partnering with the sales organisation will help close revenue with opportunities of 1M ARR with the right approach whilst coaching new sales and pre-sales team members to work together. You will guide and get involved to enhance your teams effectiveness; be an expert at positioning and articulating business-value focused solutions to our customers and prospects; support various stages of the sales cycles; and build relationships with key stakeholders in large corporations. The individual can be based either out of Mumbai  Bengaluru  Pune
 
The impact you will have:

Manage hiring, building the Pre-Sales team consisting of Solutions Architects in the Data  AI domain.
Rapidly scale the designated Field Engineering segment organisation without sacrificing calibre.
Build a collaborative culture within a rapid-growth team. To embody and promote Databricks customer-obsessed, teamwork and diverse culture.
Support increasing Return on Investment of SA involvement in sales cycles by 2-3x over 18 months.
Promote a solution and value-based selling field-engineering organisation.
Coach and mentor the Solutions Architect team to understand our customers business needs and identify revenue potential in their accounts.
Interface with leadership  C-suite stakeholders at strategic customers in the assigned region to position the strength of Databricks, the comprehensive solutions strategy, and build trust and credibility in the account.
Build Databricks brand in India in partnership with the Marketing and Sales team
Bring the experience, priorities, and takeaways of the field engineering team to the planning and strategy roadmap of the organisation. 

 
What we look for:

6 years of managerial experience in a pre-sales  consulting  customer facing role, developing, managing and building a team of successful Big Data, Cloud, or SaaS professionals
Experience working with strategic Banking  Financial Services  Digital Enterprise accounts generating 1M ARR
6 years experience in Big Data Architecture incorporating components of Data Engineering  Data Warehouse  Machine Learning  Data Science 
Experience in scaling and mentoring field and technical teams managing both in-person and remote working models
Knowledgeable in and passionate about data-driven decisions, AI, and Cloud software models
Knowledgeable in Apache Spark  Databricks ecosystem

 
Benefits :

Private medical insurance
Accident coverage
Employees Provident Fund
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.