RDQ122R253
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business.
Streaming is one of the fastest growing product areas of the Databrick Lakehouse platform. In this role, you will drive product management for the backbone of Lakehouses streaming capabilities - Structured Streaming Engine. You will own and drive all aspects of product management including vision, strategy, roadmap, execution, and go-to-marketing. In addition, you will partner closely with various Databricks product teams to enable streaming for the overall Databrick product portfolio including data science, data engineering, and machine learning products.
The impact you will have

Drive product management for one of the fastest growing businesses at Databricks
Make company wide impact by driving streaming across the Databricks product portfolio
Develop and deepen understanding of and expertise in streaming, a hyper-growing domain in the data and AI industry
Define, shape, and drive the future of data processing, data applications, and data pipelines
Own the full life cycle of product development from ideation to requirements, development, pricing, launch, and go-to-market.

What We Look For

7 years of product management and related experience with enterprise or SaaS products.
Educational or professional background in computer science or related engineering fields.
Ability to partner with senior technical leaders from Engineering, while going deep on technical concepts.
Track record of delivering products with cross-functional teams common to enterprise software industry (field engineering, sales, marketing, partnerships, etc.)
Analytical skills to make data-driven decisions (e.g. analyze product usage)
A background in streaming is a plus but not required.

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

About Databricks
Want to help speed the development of medical breakthroughs? Make the next mode of transportation a reality? Or discover ways to reverse climate change? Were on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. The opportunity is huge and Databricks has emerged as a leader. Thousands of enterprises — including Comcast, Virgin Hyperloop and HM — already rely on us to power their businesses and were just getting started. Now its your turn - join us to grow your career and make an impact with some of the brightest minds in the industry.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range131,200—232,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.