SLSQ324R139
As a Commercial Account Executive your mission will be to acquire and grow some of our most strategic customers in Databricks.You know how to sell innovation and change and can guide deals forward to compress decision cycles. You love understanding a product in-depth and are passionate about communicating its value to customers and partners. Always prospecting for new opportunities, you will close new accounts while growing our business in existing accounts. You will report to the Country Manager, South Korea.
The impact you will have:


Assess your accounts and develop a strategy to identify and utilize all buying centers


Identify, build and expand use cases in each account to maximize Databricks impact


Orchestrate and use our teams to maximize the impact on your ecosystem


Build value with all engagements to guide successful negotiations to close point


Guide growth in usage for your customers


Identify all important uses cases and buying centers in an opportunity to increase the impact of Databricks in an organization


Create a Territory Strategy for South Korea


What we look for:


5 or more years experience in selling complex software deals to South Korean customers, preferably Gaming and Digital Native organizations.


Familiarity with the South Korean market. The local organizations, their priorities, buying process, buying cycles, and decision-making processes.


Background of selling usage-based SaaS solutions


Evidence of creating demand, business need and compelling reasons that provide large-scale account expansion


Knowledge of sales methodologies and process, e.g. account planning, MEDDPICC, value selling and accurate forecasting


Experience in engaging with and selling to C-Level customers


Experience in hunting in a greenfield space and also appetite to farm deeper into existing accounts to expand further


Build champions and collaborative teams to support implementation of expansion plan


Benefits


Benefits allowance


Equity awards


Paid parental leave


Gym reimbursement


Annual personal development fund


Work headphones reimbursement


Business travel insurance

About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.