P-298
[Locations Available: Bay Area (San Francisco  Mountain View, CA) or Seattle, WA]
Title: Technical Program Manager - Release Management
Do you excel at driving operations at scale? Do you like to and lead process improvements to ensure their success? Are you passionate about Release Management and building relationships across organizations? If you are, then join us at Databricks!
Were building a team of passionate Technical Program Managers to create and guide Release management processes across our Engineering organization.

You will implement and improve release processes for code through development, test, and production environments
You will work with our engineering and product team members to ensure Databricks solutions are engineered for reliability, scalability, and security - all while keeping operations top of mind.
Youll guide the direction of cross-cloud programs, set engineering goals and launch programs at scale
Youll be front and center of organizing controls, governance and standards across our infrastructure to achieve product stability and at least four nines of uptime.
Youll be reporting to a Technical Program Leader while working across multiple time-zones, seeing around corners to identify blockers, and ensuring needs are balanced against technical requirements.

What we look for:

5 years of technical programprojectrelationship management experience
Bachelors degree in a related field (EE, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering)
Experience leading cross-functional teams to complete projects with multiple dependencies and constraints
Experience defining releases, identifying risks, managing cost, coordinating scope, identifying dependencies, scheduling and deploying new products and features
Experience creating and cascading processes through an organization
Knowledge of SQL
Experience using Jira

Preferred Qualifications:

Masters or advanced technical degree
Knowledge of product development process (PDP) and lifecycle
Experience with large scale software and cloud native infrastructure
Previous hardware or software development experience is a plus

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources 

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range107,400—190,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.