MKTQ123R4
Location: San Francisco, CA or Mountain View, CA preferred
Were looking for a Chief of Staff to the CMO to define and lead transformational projects that improve the effectiveness of the Databricks Marketing organization and support our mission to be the leading enterprise Data  AI company. You will develop an understanding of operational challenges faced by teams and define appropriate solutions to address such challenges. You will ensure that team roles and responsibilities are clear, and team projects are on a trajectory to achieve those goals. As a member of the Marketing Leadership team, directly reporting to the CMO, you will extend the reach of the CMO by overseeing special projects end-to-end and supporting organizational efficiency. You will lead the operating rhythms, and partner with the all-domain leaders on all aspects of daily business operations, including: organizational strategy, investment decisioning, efficient operations, partner communications, employee engagement, executive presentations, objective and result management and long-term department strategy.
The impact you will have:

Understand Databricks company strategy, how it translates to Marketing and how to use those insights to direct the priorities of the CMO and leadership team
Create and lead quarterly planning by collaborating with multiple team members in Finance, Sales, Analytics and the Marketing leaders.
Develop and implement centralized operating reports to foster understanding, accountability, and coordination across the organization
Organize, and on occasion, lead, projects with a broad set of contributors, collecting input from partners and ensuring agreement across global teams on goals, plans, and deliverables.
Draft communications and own content development for the CMOs main internal and external speaking engagements
Manage quarterly projects calendar, leadership meeting agendas and tracking progress to increase accountability.
Identify opportunities, strategies and process improvements, manage priority lists to meet long range plans for growth
Partner with the CMO and HR to promote projects building an inclusive culture, belonging, and talent development.

What we look for:

Experience as a Chief of Staff or in a similar leadership role
10 years of marketing experience in a B2B enterprise software company, including recent experience at Director level (or above)
Understanding of marketing principles and methodologies working in dynamic Cloud or SaaS organizations
Strategic planning and project management skills, with experience achieving quantifiable results
Excellent cross-functional communication and relationship building skills with Senior Leadership and C-Level
Proficiency in data analysis and data-driven decision-making
Experience in organizational structure improvement, process optimization, and talent strategy calibration

Benefits

Medical, Dental, and Vision
401(k) Plan
FSA, HSA and Commuter Benefit Plans
Equity Awards
Flexible Time Off
Paid Parental Leave
Family Planning
Fitness Reimbursement
Annual Career Development Fund
Home OfficeWork Headphones Reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business Travel Accident Insurance
Mental Wellness Resources

LI-Hybrid
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range168,800—298,800 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.