Req ID: GAQ224R110
The role of Sr. Manager, Shared Services is an important one within the Global People Team at Databricks.  Reporting to Director, People Operations, the Sr. Manager, Shared Services will sit within the People Operations team, and creates the foundation of the Databricks People support team in our Costa Rica office. You will be asked to staff and manage a team, identify strategic opportunities for expanded Global Shared Services offerings, prepare your team and partners for changes, and implement centralized solutions. You will participate in (or lead) projects aimed at expanding centralization, applying technology to improve the Brickster experience, and discovering insights to recommend solutions based on data.
The impact you will have:

Lead Shared Services Team in providing the best customer service for all deliverables, ensuring efficient daily operations.
Provide updates and solutions for operations, improvements, risks, and progress against plan.
Define and report on important service measurements such as average response time, customer satisfaction, and ticket closure rate.
Analyze indicator data to identify trends, areas for improvement, and opportunities for optimization.
Modernize the delivery of support services through multiple channels (Chat, Chatbot, Automation, self-healing, video training)
Foster a positive work environment that promotes teamwork, collaboration, and continuous improvement.
Promote career paths, job descriptions and individual development plans (IDP) to maximize each team members growth.
Manage staffing levels, schedules, and workload distribution to ensure coverage and adherence to service level agreements.
Develop and implement Shared Services procedures, protocols, and best practices.
Coordinate incident response and resolution efforts, escalating important issues.
Collaborate with teams to ensure resolution of incidents and minimize downtime.
Assess and refine Shared Services processes to enhance efficiency and customer satisfaction.
Maintain comprehensive documentation of Shared Services procedures and solutions.
Promote knowledge sharing among team members to improve incident resolution times.
Lead recruiting, promotions, and personnel needs and changes within Shared Services.
Engage as a member of the People Operations management team.

What we look for:

Bachelors degree in human resources or a related field OR equivalent combination of education and experience
7 years of experience in Shared Services, with at least 3 years in a managerial or supervisory role.
Experience managing a shared services team.
Proficiency in service desk technologies (preferably Workday and FreshService).
Experience meeting service indicators and service level agreements.
Leadership by example and influence, and not by title. Let direct reports be experts in their own craft, while supporting and mentoring along their journey.
To deliver the appropriate message to IT leadership, partners, direct reports, and the business.
Collaboration with global users and vendor partners.

Benefits

Private Medical Insurance
Private Life Insurance
Equity Awards
Paid Parental Leave
Fitness Reimbursement
Annual Career Development Fund
Home OfficeWork Headphones Reimbursement
Business Travel Accident Insurance
Mental Wellness Resources
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.