As an Associate People Ops Specialist, you will play a valuable role within the People Operations team by delivering a consistent and positive employee experience throughout the employee lifecycle. You will report to the Sr. Manager, People Operations and will be responsible for providing global support to employees and managers as the first point of contact for HR related requests. You will partner across the organization to address specific requests, while delivering exceptional customer service. This role requires a proactive approach to managing employee inquiries, an ability to manage competing priorities, and a comittment to driving process efficiencies. Collaboration and teamwork are core values of this role.
The impact you will have:

Be the first contact for employee and manager inquiries, ensuring timely and accurate responses to their questions and requests
Assist employees with navigating employee resources, with a focus on promoting self service
Escalate requests to other functions across the People team and reassign to different departments, with a focus on a seamless transition and clear communication
Partner with functional teams within the People team to maintain an updated matrix for request escalations
Support global onboarding activities such as background checks 
Initiate Workday transactions including new hire data entry, basic data changes and document management, with a focus on data accuracy 
Produce employee letters including offer modifications, employment verification letters and business visa letters
Leverage data to identify opportunities for internal process improvements to promote efficiency and scalability
Create and maintain content for internal knowledge management program to facilitate knowledge sharing across the People Operations team
Other projects as assigned

What we look for:

Bachelors Degree or equivalent required
1 year of coordination or administrative experience
You provide exceptional customer service
Success with managing a high volume of work
Workday experience ideal

Benefits

Private Medical Insurance
Private Life Insurance
Equity Awards
Paid Parental Leave
Fitness Reimbursement
Annual Career Development Fund
Home OfficeWork Headphones Reimbursement
Business Travel Accident Insurance
Mental Wellness Resources
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.