FEQ424R217
As a Senior Big Data Solutions Architect (Sr Resident Solutions Architect) in our Professional Services team you will work with clients on short to medium term customer engagements on their big data challenges using the Databricks platform. You will provide data engineering, data science, and cloud technology projects which require integrating with client systems, training, and other technical tasks to help customers to get most value out of their data. RSAs are billable and know how to complete projects according to specification with excellent customer service. You will report to the regional ManagerLead.
The impact you will have:

You will work on a variety of impactful customer technical projects which may include designing and building reference architectures, creating how-tos and productionalizing customer use cases
Work with engagement managers to scope variety of professional services work with input from the customer
Guide strategic customers as they implement transformational big data projects, 3rd party migrations, including end-to-end design, build and deployment of industry-leading big data and AI applications
Consult on architecture and design; bootstrap hands-on projects which leads to a customers successful understanding, evaluation and adoption of Databricks.
Provide an escalated level of support for customer operational issues.
You will work with the Databricks technical team, Project Manager, Architect and Customer team to ensure the technical components of the engagement are delivered to meet customers needs.
Work with Engineering and Databricks Customer Support to provide product and implementation feedback and to guide rapid resolution for engagement specific product and support issues.

What we look for:

9 years experience in data engineering, data platforms  analytics
Comfortable writing code in either Python or Scala
Working knowledge of two or more common Cloud ecosystems (AWS, Azure, GCP) with expertise in at least one
Deep experience with distributed computing with Apache Spark and knowledge of Spark runtime internals
Familiarity with CICD for production deployments
Working knowledge of MLOps
Capable of design and deployment of highly performant end-to-end data architectures
Experience with technical project delivery - managing scope and timelines.
Documentation and white-boarding skills.
Experience working with clients and managing conflicts.

Benefits

Private medical, dental and cash refunds for health expenses
Life, disability and critical illness coverage
Group personal pension with company contribution
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.