FEQ324R93
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems. Our customers leverage the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to power their mission critical Data and AI applications to improve how their organisations leverage data and insights to make better decisions, faster. Customers rely on Databricks for the full range of data workloads, including data engineering, ETL, near real-time streaming, machine learning, SQL analytics, and advanced analytics. 
As a Lead Migration Solution Architect in the product specialist team, you will be a deep technical expert in Enterprise Data Warehousing (EDW) and in how customers can be successful with these use-cases on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform. You will work closely with customers, Databricks product team and the Global Databricks customer-facing technical field to develop architectures and solutions using our platform and APIs. You will bring your expertise in EDW to build scalable and reusable assets to help guide customers through the competitive landscape, best practices, and implementation; and develop technical champions along the way. You will provide thought leadership on best practices for migration of EDW workloads to the lakehouse. You will support enablement activities for the EMEA technical field and drive the EMEA chapter of the relevant SME group(s). You will drive customer success through direct engagement and scale your expertise across EMEA. 
You will report directly to the Sr. Director Product Specialists Databricks Field Engineering and can be located in either London, Paris or Munich. Databricks Field Engineering works with our current and future customers to grow adoption, win technical validations and advise customers on Databricks Lakehouse best practices. The LeadSr Migration Specialist Solution Architect will own the enablement and escalations within the Global Field Engineering team around EDW migrations.
The impact you will have:

Deliver thought leadership and best-practices in Data Warehousing and in particular in migrating data warehousing workloads from legacy tools to the Databricks Lakehouse Platform, ranging from architectural and security design to development and deployment approaches.
Provide guidance and oversight for large-scale enterprise data warehouse migrations, serving as a trusted technical advisor to senior tech leads and executives
Become a technical expert in areas such as cloud platforms, data management, performance, and architecture
Assist Solution Architects with more advanced aspects of the technical sale including custom proof of concept content, workload sizing, and custom architectures
Improve community adoption (through tutorials, training, hackathons, conference presentations)

What we look for:

Experience in designing and delivering Enterprise Data Warehousing Solutions in a client or customer environment
Ability to advise customers in Data Warehousing architecture: Prepare Databricks stakeholders for internal conversations and communicate directly, including anticipating blockers and address them before they become an issue
Certification andor demonstrated competence in the major cloud platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure) 
Demonstrated competence in the Databricks platform including hands-on experience with Python and SQL
Experience in pre-sales selling
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or equivalent work experience

Benefits

Private medical insurance
Private dental insurance
Health Cash Plan
Life, income protection  critical illness insurance
Pension PlanEquity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.