SLSQ424R310
As a Strategic Enterprise Account Executive your mission will be to acquire and grow some of our most strategic customers in Databricks. You know how to sell innovation and change and can guide deals forward to compress decision cycles. You love understanding a product in-depth and are passionate about communicating its value to customers and partners. Always prospecting for new opportunities, you will close new accounts while growing our business in existing accounts. You will report to the VP  General Manager, Korea.
 
The impact you will have:

Prospect for new customers
Assess your existing customers and develop a strategy to identify and engage all buying centers
Use a solution approach to selling and creating value for customers
Identify the most viable use cases in each account to maximize Databricks impact
Orchestrate and work with teams to maximize the impact of the Databricks ecosystem on your territory
Build value with all engagements to promote successful negotiations and close
Promote the Databricks enterprise cloud data platform
Be customer focused by delivering technical and business results using the Databricks Platform
Promote Teamwork...it makes the Dreamwork!

What we look for:

You have previously worked in an early-stage company and you know how to navigate and be successful in a fast-growing organization
Experience working with Samsung Electronics is a big plus
5 years of sales experience in SaaSPaaS, or Big Data companies
Prior customer relationships with CIOs and important decision-makers
Simply articulate intricate cloud technologies and big data
3 years of experience exceeding sales quotas
Success closing new accounts while upselling existing accounts
Written and verbal fluency in English and Korean
Bachelors Degree

Benefits

Benefits allowance
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.