P-226
To comply with U.S. federal government requirements, U.S. citizenship is required for this position. This role can be remote, however applicants must live in the Washington, D.C., Maryland or Virginia area.
As a Specialist Solutions Architect (SSA) - Machine Learning on the Public Sector team, you will guide customers in building big data solutions on Databricks that span a large variety of machine learning use cases. You will be in a customer-facing role, working with and supporting Solution Architects, that requires hands-on production experience with MLFlow and expertise in other MLOps technologies. SSAs help customers through design and successful implementation of essential workloads while aligning their technical roadmap for expanding the usage of the Databricks Lakehouse Platform. As a deep go-to-expert reporting to the Specialist Field Engineering Manager, you will continue to strengthen your technical skills through mentorship, learning, and internal training programs and establish yourself in an area of specialty - whether that be machine learning, MLOps, industry expertise, or more.
The impact you will have:

Provide technical leadership to guide strategic customers to successful implementations on big data projects, ranging from feature engineering, training, tracking, registry, serving to model monitoring all within a single platform
Architect production level workloads, including end-to-end ML pipelines load performance testing and optimization
Become a technical expert in Databricks Machine Learning and MLOps technologies
Assist Solution Architects with more advanced aspects of the technical sale including custom proof of concept content, estimating workload sizing, and custom architectures
Provide tutorials and training to improve community adoption (including hackathons and conference presentations)
Contribute to adoption of a variety of the ML offerings Databricks with customers as well as the larger Databricks Community

What we look for:

Must be eligible and willing to be processed for a U.S. Government clearance
[Preferred] DoD Secret or Top Secret Clearance
5 years experience in a technical role with expertise in at least one of the following:

Data ScientistML Engineer: model selection, model lifecycle, model scaling, AutoML, hyperparameter tuning, model serving, model monitoring, deep learning
MLOps Engineer: Build and maintain cloud infrastructure that supports the deployment of ML models and algorithms, monitors data drift, integration with production systems


Extensive experience in applying Data Science  ML in production to build data-driven products for solving business problems
Experience maintaining and extending production data systems to evolve with complex needs
Deep Specialty Expertise regarding ML concepts including Model Tracking, Model Serving and other aspects of productionizing ML pipelines in distributed data processing environments like Apache Spark, using tools like MLflow
Production programming experience in SQL and Python, Scala, or Java
2 years professional experience with Big Data technologies (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, Kafka) and architectures
2 years customer-facing experience in a pre-sales or post-sales role
Can meet expectations for technical training and role-specific outcomes within 6 months of hire
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or equivalent experience through work experience
Ability to travel up to 30 when needed in and around the DMV area

Benefits

Medical, Dental, and Vision
401(k) Plan
FSA, HSA and Commuter Benefit Plans
Equity Awards
Flexible Time Off
Paid Parental Leave
Family Planning
Fitness Reimbursement
Annual Career Development Fund
Home OfficeWork Headphones Reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 
Business Travel Accident Insurance
Mental Wellness Resources

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range139,700—247,300 USDZone 2 Pay Range139,700—247,300 USDZone 3 Pay Range139,700—247,300 USDZone 4 Pay Range139,700—247,300 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.