P-266
As a Business Development Representative (BDR), you will represent Databricks by helping our potential customers successfully navigate their journey with our data and AI platform. With a mix of strong process and creativity, you will help drive new business revenue through both inbound and outbound opportunity generation. You will engage effectively in written form as well as conduct high level conversations with data experts and senior business executives in prospect accounts to fuel our companys growth. You will work with our Marketing Team to improve our campaigns and messaging; and you will partner closely with our Sales Team to create and execute on a territory plan. This is a fun, fast-paced and yet challenging environment. Were looking for agile, team-centric professionals that demonstrate discipline, compassion, and technical curiosity to learn. You will contribute importantly to Databricks overall goals and have the opportunity to build valuable, transferable skills to help grow your career on multiple paths.
The impact you will have: 

Build knowledge of our technology and ecosystem of partners
Follow up on a high volume of leads effectively and efficiently
Establish rapport with all levels of customers including senior executives
Understand a prospects needs and effectively communicate how Databricks will meet them
Use research and data to prioritize and customize outreach
Use Salesforce.com for lead and account management and forecasting
Consistently meet new business opportunity and pipeline targets

What we look for:

2 years of sales or office experience
Genuine curiosity around Cloud, big data and AI
Consistent measurable overachievement in past experiences
Creative, self disciplined and passionate about what you do
Motivated by purpose and by winning with a team-first attitude
Bachelors Degree Preferred

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mental wellness resources

About Databricks
Want to help speed the development of medical breakthroughs? Make the next mode of transportation a reality? Or discover ways to reverse climate change? Were on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. The opportunity is huge and Databricks has emerged as a leader. Thousands of enterprises — including Comcast, Virgin Hyperloop and HM — already rely on us to power their businesses and were just getting started. Now its your turn - join us to grow your career and make an impact with some of the brightest minds in the industry.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range82,000—82,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.