FEQ424R208
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations within the Netherlands.
At Databricks, our core values are at the heart of everything we do; creating a culture of proactiveness and a customer-centric mindset guides us to create a unified platform that makes data science and analytics accessible to everyone. We aim to inspire our customers to make informed decisions that push their business forward. We provide a user-friendly and intuitive platform that makes it easy to turn insights into action and fosters a culture of creativity, experimentation, and continuous improvement. You will be an essential part of this mission, using your technical expertise to demonstrate how our Lakehouse Platform can help customers solve their complex data challenges. Youll work with a collaborative, customer-focused team who values innovation and creativity, using your skills to create customized solutions to help our customers achieve their goals and guide their businesses forward. Join us in our quest to change how people work with data and make a better world! Reporting the Manager, Field Engineering
The impact you will have: 

Form successful relationships with clients throughout your assigned territory to provide technical and business value in collaboration with an Account Executive and a Senior Solutions Architect.
Gain excitement from clients about Databricks through hands-on evaluation and Spark programming, integrating with the wider cloud ecosystem and 3rd party applications.
Contribute to building the Databricks technical through engagement at workshops, seminars, and meet-ups.
Become a Big Data Analytics advisor on aspects of architecture and design.
Support your customers by authoring reference architectures, how-tos, and demo applications.
Develop both technically and in the pre-sales aspect with the goal of becoming an independently operating Solutions Architect.

What we look for:

Ideally, you will have experience working within the Manufacturing, Industrial andor Energy industry market.
Familiarity working with clients, creating a narrative, answering customer questions, aligning the agenda with important interests, and achieving tangible outcomes.
Ability to independently deliver a technical proposition, identify customers pain-points, and explain important areas for business value to develop a trusted advisor skillset.
Code in a core programming language such as Python, Java, or Scala.
Knowledgeable in a core Big Data Analytics domain with some exposure to advanced proofs-of-concept and an understanding of a major public cloud platform.
Experience diving deeper into solution architecture and design.
Nice to have: Databricks Certification

Benefits

Health insurance reimbursement and collective healthcare scheme
Life, accident and disability coverage
Company pension
Paid parental leave
Annual vacation bonus
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance

 About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.