FEQ424R238
 
The Solutions Architect Manager will lead a team of pre-sales Solutions Architects. As you will help to continue expansion of the French market, you will build technical pre-sales teams. Your experience partnering with the sales organisation will help close revenue with the right approach whilst coaching new sales and pre-sales teams to work together. You will guide and get involved to enhance your teams effectiveness; be an expert at communicating complex, business value-focused solutions; support complex sales cycles, and build relationships with important partners in large corporations.
 
The impact you will have:

Manage hiring and building the Solutions Architect team, scaling the designated field engineering segment organization without sacrificing quality
Build a motivated collaborative culture within a hyper-growth team. To embody and promote Databricks customer-obsessed, teamwork and diverse culture
Support increase Return on investment of SA involvement in sales cycles by 2-3x over 18 months
Ensure a solution and value-based selling field-engineering organization
Display an understanding of needs and revenue potential for accounts in the assigned region
Continue to build Databricks brand in France in partnership with the Marketing and Sales team

 
What we look for:

Familiar with building a team of successful Big Data, Cloud, or SaaS professionals
Have experience scaling and mentoring field or technical teams from scratch at hyper-growth speed
Knowledgeable in and passionate about data-driven decisions, AI, and Cloud software models
Great at instituting processes for technical field members to lead efficiency
Technical background either in Data Engineering  Database technologies or Data Science
Fluent in French

 
Benefits: 

Complementary health insurance
Complementary life and disability coverage
Complementary pension
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.