SLSQ224R311
The Sales Strategy  Operations team works directly with Databricks Sales Leadership team to accelerate growth. Our team is focused on empowering our stakeholders and senior leadership with data-driven insights  tools to shape the GTM strategy  drive operational scale in an extremely high-growth environment. 
We are looking for a Senior Analyst to serve as the business partner for the Public Sector leadership team under the Regulated Industries Business Unit. This is a critical and visible position to shape the GTM Strategy of one of the fastest-growing verticals at Databricks.
In this role, you will conduct in-depth analyses on the business, build scalable tools for stakeholders, and own operational cadences for the Public Sector team. You will also own initiatives supporting the Regulated Industries BU more broadly.
The ideal candidate is a self-starter with endless curiosity and can work cross-functionally to tackle complex problems end-to-end. We are looking for someone who is solution oriented and thrives in diving deep into ambiguous data sets to derive recommendations to drive business decisions. 
The impact you will have:

Directly serve as the Strategy partner for the VP of Public Sector  his leadership team 
Independently own analysis with large datasets to gather insights  guide investment and growth
Build scalable tools (dashboards, scorecards, data packs) for Regulated Industries leadership  
Own all reporting, forecasting, territory planning, and quotaproductivity modeling for Public Sector
Work cross-functionally and globally with internal stakeholders to resolve issues, understand business and data challenges, identify optimization opportunities, and respond to escalation and exception requests

What we look for:

Strong Excel skills required. Salesforce, SQL, andor Tableau experience preferred. 
You have exceptional problem solving and analytical skills. You are technical and fluent in working with large datasets. 
You have the ability to work independently in a fast paced environment
You have a get it done attitude and want to build something that lasts. Not only do you have the ability and the desire to architect the high level strategy, you want to operationalize it and have high attention to detail
You excel in a collaborative environment and have a high degree of honesty, integrity and sound judgment. You translate team member needs into clear tasks and deliverables for contributors. You work through dependencies, bottlenecks, and tradeoffs with ease
You have excellent spoken and written communication  presentation skills.
You have 4 years experience in sales strategy, management consulting, investment banking, andor business development.

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range85,900—152,000 USDZone 2 Pay Range77,300—136,800 USDZone 3 Pay Range73,000—129,200 USDZone 4 Pay Range68,800—121,600 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.