SLSQ324R163
As an Enterprise Account Executive your mission will be to acquire and grow some of our focus customers in Databricks.You know how to sell within Manufacturing vertical domain and can guide deals forward to compress decision cycles. You love understanding a product in-depth and are passionate about communicating its value to customers and partners. Always prospecting for new opportunities, you will close new accounts while growing our business in existing accounts. You will report to the Country Manager of Japan.
The impact you will have:

You will secure new logos with named strategic accounts in the Manufacturing vertical.
You will create a focused and targeted logo acquisition strategy.
Expand Databricks use cases in existing and newly won accounts to maximize impact for customers.
Establish essential C-Level relationships, including Engineering, Platform, Architecture, and Data Science roles, who will, in turn, be your industry advocates.
You will build value in all engagements to guide successful negotiations.
You will plan, document, and drive the growth of Databricks usage for your customers.
You will develop a deep and detailed understanding of the customers business.
Provide leadership to the customer, important staff, and technical teams.
Identify all important data use cases and buying centers in an opportunity, to increase the impact of Databricks in an organization.
Orchestrate and use Databricks teams and ecosystem partners to maximize your impact on your sales motions.

What we look for:

7 years experience selling multi-million dollar complex software deals to the regions most recognizable organizations within the Enterprise segment.
Selling experience to the Enterprise segments.
Knowledge of segment priorities, buying processes, buying cycles, decision-making process, and the ecosystem
Background of selling usage-based SaaS solutions, or other Data AIML technologies.
5 years of experience in sales methodologies and processes, e.g. account planning, MEDDPICC, value selling, and Command of the Message.
5 years of experience in hunting in a greenfield space while also consulting with existing accounts to expand further use.
Build customer champions and collaborative teams to support the implementation of the expansion plan.
Understanding of how to develop a clear partner strategy and manage it to success.

Benefits

Benefits allowance
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.