Req ID GAQ124R30
This is your chance to make an impact with our growing team! You will partner with leaders across the organization as a strategic partner, consultant, and steward of the overall employee experience. Youll be a trusted advisor and partner in continued development of the  employee relations function as we search scalable solutions to support our rapid growth. Under the guidance of and through a partnership with the Employee Relations Director, you will be an ambassador for our overall principles, values, programs and policies, driving a global, diverse, performance-based work environment.
The impact you will have: 

Provide advice and counsel to employees that lead to resolution in the following subject-matter areas: performance management, escalated leave and absence cases and policy questionsinterpretation. 
Conduct virtual meetings with individual contributors or people managers to obtain pertinent information, determine applicability of Databricks policies and procedures, recommending an action plan and escalation where appropriate.
Resolve issues at an early stage by sharing applicable resources and providing access to self-service tools.
Maintain appropriate documentation of case work and track progress through conclusion on case management platform.
Partner with our People Partner team to manage escalated employee leaveabsence matters, employee misconduct issues, and performance management situations.

What we look for:

Bachelors degree required.  
5 years of Employee Relations experience, with a focus on strategic partnership with managers up through the Senior Director level
Ability to multi-task, deal with ambiguity, influence decision-makers and work collaboratively in a team environment
Demonstrated proficiency in advising and coaching managers on performance management situations
Experience in managing a high volume workload and prioritizing time sensitive matters
Capability to coordinate internal resources in solution development for emerging issues 
Ability to handle sensitive information with confidentiality and professionalism.

Benefits 

Private Medical Insurance 
Private Life Insurance
Equity Awards
Paid Parental Leave 
Fitness Reimbursement
Annual Career Development Fund
Home OfficeWork Headphones Reimbursement
Business Travel Accident Insurance
Mental Wellness Resources
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.