P-380
Databricks Administrative Assistants (AA) play an important role in driving efficiency and scaling our most senior leaders. As we expand our offices globally, we are looking for AA in Costa Rica to support our leadership team. These roles will work directly with our EAAA in the United States to support the calendar scheduling, travel, expenses, and correspondences with internal and external stakeholders on behalf of our leaders. Each AA will support three Vice President or Senior Vice President leaders and on occasion, this role may be required to travel to support critical company events.
The impact you will have:

The executive staff is efficient in their use of time, leading to a more productive team and company.
Manage complex calendars - organizes all meetings including but not limited to team meetings, customer, and internal business partner meetings across international time zones and makes travel arrangements.
Supported executives calendars are accurate and forward-looking.
The calendar is effectively prioritized and meetings are scheduled in a timely manner.
Executive travel is planned and booked 30 days out; invoices and expenses are submitted within 2 weeks of cost occurring.
Act as a primary point of contact for any stakeholders for all meeting requests.
Builds and maintains records of all meeting requests and closes out all requests in a timely manner. Keeps to a strong SLA on responding to requests.
Ensures all meeting invites have the appropriate details to have an effective meeting outcome.
May be required to support other executive staff members if theres a gap in coverage due to PTO, sickness, maternity leave or other absence.
Manage confidential information with discretion and sensitivity.
Act as a liaison with other organizations while coordinating efforts to promote proper communication and collaboration.

What we look for:

8 years of applicable executive administrative experience, from a global software organization
Attention to detail, organization and process abilities
Strong calendaring skills (Gmail and Google Calendar experience mandatory)
Excellent organizational, time-management and prioritization skills
Strong teamwork skills; ability to offer suggestions and improvements to process and work very collaboratively with others
Relationship management skills, and the ability to build a personal network throughout the company
Excellent verbal and written communication skills (C1 Level and above required)
Willing to adjust the schedule to the respective time zones of the supported. (Currently time zones of the US Territory)
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively with senior leaders and external partners
Ability to maintain confidentiality and handle sensitive information with discretion
Proactive and solution-oriented mindset
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.