SLSQ424R363
Were looking for a Business Development Representative to help generate pipeline across accounts in the India Enterprise market. This role is perfect for a dynamic sales professional with previous experience in a similar role. You will have the opportunity to accelerate your career in a high growth environment, reporting to the Senior Manager, Sales Development India.
The impact you will have:


Develop your skill-set around value-based selling, big data and AI


Prioritize and qualify inbound leads from Marketing programs and promotions within assigned SLAs


Create outbound activities through personalized email, cold calling, social selling for opportunity qualification


Develop compelling outreach campaigns for all levels of personas, including senior executives, to create opportunities in essential target accounts


Uncover and identify client needs and progressing conversations into sales opportunities through communicating how Databricks can help solve their Data challenges


What we look for:


Minimum of 3 years of previous work experience in outbound sales is advantageous


Ability to understand technical concepts and has a genuine enthusiasm for technology


Determination and courage to succeed and lean in to build the next best enterprise software company


Consistent, measurable over-achievement in past experiences


Curiosity and hunger to learn and stay up-to-date about the big dataAI industry


Thrives in fast-paced and dynamic environments


High degree of ownership


Benefits


Private medical insurance


Accident coverage


Employees Provident Fund


Equity awards


Paid parental leave


Gym reimbursement


Annual personal development fund


Work headphones reimbursement


Business travel insurance

About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.