RDQ424R182
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers we leap at every opportunity to tackle technical challenges, from designing next-gen UIUX for interfacing with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. And were only getting started.
We are looking for a Product Manager on the Platform PM team. This team owns the set up, ongoing administration and governance of the Lakehouse platform, which is critical in driving the broad adoption of Databricks within an organization. The capabilities built by this team enable admins to trust Databricks with their mission-critical workloads while ensuring the platform is used cost-effectively, securely and compliant with organizational standards.
The impact you will have:

Envision and deliver new products and features from concept to launch and rollout, including customer validation, marketing plan, documentation, and field enablement.
Own and drive projects spanning multiple engineering groups
Launch platform capabilities to manage the Databricks platform at scale and enable compliance with organizational policies
Partner with the Data Science team and introduce new capabilities to optimize the Databricks usage for performance and cost
Enhance Databricks workspace resource and life cycle management
Bring deep insights about the Databricks admin persona to the engineering and leadership teams by working closely with our customers and field
Mentor and develop junior PMs

What we look for:

7 years of Product Management experience
An accomplished product manager with prior experience launching and growing enterprise SaaS products
Must have experience working with large-scale IaaSSaaS platforms or enterprise B2B products
Should have technical knowledge and experience working with cloud governance and access management products
Demonstrated experience partnering with technical leaders with an ability to deep-dive into complex technical concepts
Passion for designing products that simplify the admin persona experience
Must have experience presenting at conferences, interacting with press and analysts, and developing junior PMs
Familiarity with data, ML, and AI technologies
Ownership and get-stuff-done attitude
Educational background in computer science or related engineering field

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range131,200—232,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.