GAQ324R101At Databricks Information Technology, we are a product led organization transforming the way we work from how easy it is to use our IT services to the applications we develop that help us scale seamlessly in face of incredible growth.
The Corporate Engineering team is responsible for building  providing services and infrastructure that enable bricksters to be successful. A core area of focus for this role is making project management as efficient as possible by providing powerful JIRA enterprise solutions and automation to Databricks.
Databricks is hiring an experienced JIRA and Atlassian Solutions Engineer to help scale and optimize our business processes and project management infrastructure as the company continues its hyper-growth. You will be a key member of the Corporate Engineering team to build out governance, best practices and automation for our Atlassian Project Management Systems (JIRA, Confluence). You will report to the Sr. Manager, Systems Engineering as part of the CIOs organization.
The impact you will have:

You will drive governance and hygiene standards to make the JIRA environment a highly performant, purpose optimized and consistent environment for all teams.
You will design and implement solutions that improve business process automation and improve overall user experiences and time to resolution for the user community.
You will be responsible for the overall health and availability of all Atlassian (JIRA, Confluence) systems
You will support and contribute to Databricks Business Stakeholders in Project Management best practices, guidelines and implementations.
You will collaborate with and contribute to technical integrations between Atlassian systems and external cloud and IT systems.

What we look for:

5 years of experience or related experience in administering, maintaining and managing Atlassian product suite,
5 level experience with JIRA administration, governance and best practices for Project Management.
Has experience integrating JIRA with external Enterprise systems such as HR, Incident Management, Messaging and Monitoring systems.
Strong hands-on technical skills. Can drill deep into JIRA workflows, and be able to design schema configurations and templates to optimize Databricks business processes when needed.
Familiarity with APIs and designing solutions to leverage interfaces to build automation or capabilities such as dashboarding or monitoring.
Ability to implement scripting based automation solutions and collaborate with other software engineers to provide comprehensive business solutions based on JIRA.
Comfortable programming in languages such as Spark, SQL, Python, node.js, golang or Scala is ideal.
Bachelors Degree in CISMIS, engineering or equivalent and relevant experience

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources

U.S. Citizenship Requirement:In order to comply with U.S. Government information security and federal contractor regulations, including Department of Defense Cloud Computing Security Requirements for Impact Level 6 Cloud Service Provider personnel, and facilitate compliance with other regulations such as FedRAMP High baseline, and requirements of certain federal contracts, this role is open to United States citizens on United States Soil only.
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range94,300—166,800 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.