GAQ124R13
Mission
You will be an important addition to our People Operations team, serving as a bridge between our global People team and our India-based workforce. As the Staff People Operations Generalist you will report directly to the Sr. Manager, People Operations, and will have both administrative and strategic responsibilities. You will help with streamlining HR operations, from onboarding to offboarding, while contributing to the enhancement of our people processes, reporting, and data-driven insights. This position requires an adaptable approach, the capacity to solve pressing issues in a timely manner, and a forward-thinking attitude for leading projects that yield scalable solutions.
The impact you will have:

Guide communication between the Regional People team and the Central People team to ensure that global programs and policies are adapted to support the India-based workforce.
Partner with people support and be an escalation point for team members and guide them on best practices, and assist People Partners and Employee Relations Partners with case management queries.
Collaborate with the Global Benefits Team to support India-related benefits activities, offering locally relevant input on new benefits programs, marketing internal benefit programs, and enhancing employee understanding of leave processes and policies.
Work with the Payroll, Facilities, and Legal teams to resolve employee and manager inquiries, and recommend long-term solutions.
Streamlining of HR processes, reducing administrative burdens, and increasing overall efficiency within the People Operations department.
Support in the implementation of core People programs in India, and other projects specific to the APAC region.

What we look for:

Bachelors degree in human resources or a related field OR equivalent combination of education and experience.
At least 10-12 years of relevant experience in HR and People Operations roles in India
Having prior experience assisting other markets throughout the APAC region is considered advantageous.
Knowledge of Indian HR practices, benefits, and legal requirements, with a willingness to develop subject matter expertise.
High level of empathy for employee needs, with a commitment to enhancing the employee experience.
Proficiency in using data to provide proactive insights to other team members and stakeholders.
Leadership, with the ability to create plans for change management and drive program strategy and execution.
The ability to partner with stakeholders to identify and implement solutions.
Proficiency in Workday
This is a hybrid role requiring you to be in the office 1-3 days per week.

Benefits

Benefits allowance
Employees Provident Fund
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.