

GAQ424R69
Location: San Francisco, CA or Mountain View, CA
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.
At Databricks Information Technology, we are a product led organization transforming the way we work from how easy it is to use our IT services to the applications we develop that help us scale seamlessly in face of incredible growth. 
Databricks is looking for a Sr. IT Product Manager to lead roadmap, scoping, and planning efforts for our use of Salesforce and related products supporting the go-to-market (GTM) and customer support teams. You will work closely with the leaders and stakeholders across lines of business to define and shape ideas for business transformation projects into actionable plans aligned with best practices and long term goals. You will report to the Director of IT Product Specialist  Sales Systems and work closely with our leadership and business partners.
The impact you will have:


DesignStrategy: As a Sr. Product Manager at Databricks, you will be responsible for defining the product vision and strategy for end-to-end GTM motion. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to identify business opportunities and define product requirements.


Collaboration: The role of a Sr. Product Manager is collaborative in nature and building strong relationships is key. You will work closely with business partners and engineering teams to ensure timely delivery of high-quality products and drive adoption of these products. 


Analytics: In this role, you will play an analytical role in quickly analyzing the opportunities to improve our Salesforce environment, scoping requirements and  subsequently translating results into good product designs.


What we look for:


5 years of relevant product management experience with a Bachelors degree; or 3 years and a Masters degree; or a PhD without experience; or equivalent work experience.


Ability to analyze business requirements and develop strong questions that will enable us to refine scope and measure the definition success


Strong knowledge of Salesforce (Sales  Service Cloud) and common go-to-market and customer support business processes


Strong knowledge of consumption based business models


Strong understanding and experience with AgileScrum teams as a Product Owner


Strong domain expertise working with teams across organizations with stellar track record of success


Strong market-analytics skills


Strong data and metrics skills to backup assumptions, recommendations and drive actions


Benefits


Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision


401(k) Plan


Equity awards


Flexible time off


Paid parental leave


Family Planning


Gym reimbursement


Annual personal development fund


Work headphones reimbursement


Employee Assistance Program (EAP)


Business travel accident insurance


Mental wellness resources




 
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range112,100—198,500 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.