RDQ324R159
Location:
San Francisco, CA; Mountain View, CA; McLean, VA; Bellevue, WA; Seattle, WAWhile candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other US locations.
 
Mission
The Databricks Security Assurance Team enables Databricks to manage security risk and achieve certifications, in order to help secure Databricks and provide confidence to our customers. As a Staff Security Assurance Project Manager, you will be responsible for project managing and supporting critical Databricks Security Team projects. You will report to the Senior Director of Security Assurance.
 
Outcomes

You will successfully manage tasks, milestones, dependencies, etc. for Databricks Security Team projects to obtain new security compliance attestations and certifications. 
You will drive complex decisions to resolution.
You will report project status accurately on a weekly cadence.
You will escalate project problems and issues, if necessary, in a timely manner.
You will forge relationships with Databricks Security Assurance Team compliance subject matter experts, Engineering, IT, Product, and other teams to help ensure project success.

Competencies

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience.
8 years of security and technical programproject related experience
Experience managing projects including managing scope, identifying and managing dependencies as well as risks.
Domain experience in industry and US government security compliance frameworks (e.g. PCI, HIPAA, FedRAMP) and broader security experience.
Experience managing security compliance initiatives to market.
Experience with cross-functional teams completing projects with multiple dependencies and constraints.
Experience working effectively across the spectrum of individual contributors and senior leadership within an organization.
Establish relationships with geo-diverse partners.

 
U.S. Citizenship Requirement:
In order to comply with U.S. Government information security and federal contractor regulations, including Department of Defense Cloud Computing Security Requirements for Impact Level 6 Cloud Service Provider personnel, and facilitate compliance with other regulations such as FedRAMP High baseline, and requirements of certain federal contracts, this role is open to United States citizens on United States Soil only.
Benefits


Medical, Dental, and Vision


401(k) Plan


FSA, HSA and Commuter Benefit Plans


Equity Awards


Flexible Time Off


Paid Parental Leave 


Family Planning


Fitness Reimbursement


Annual Career Development Fund


Home OfficeWork Headphones Reimbursement


Employee Assistance Program (EAP)


Business Travel Accident Insurance


Mental Wellness Resources


Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range155,500—275,000 USDZone 2 Pay Range139,900—247,500 USDZone 3 Pay Range132,200—233,800 USDZone 4 Pay Range124,300—220,000 USD
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range155,500—275,000 USD
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 2 Pay Range139,900—247,500 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.