CSQ424R71
As a Manager (Professional Services), you will hire  manage Big Data Engineers  Architects and participate in technical and design discussions with regions and customers. You will also assist our customers by overseeing projects in their Databricks journey and provide them with the guidance, knowledge, and enable them to accomplish the value and achieve their strategic objectives using our products. This individual is expected to be based in Bengaluru. 
The impact you will have:

Hire great people and provide technical guidance, career development, and mentoring to team members
Participate in key technical and design discussions with technical leads in the team as a hands-on manager
Experience leading the development of IP, reusable tooling, and assets for field professional services teams and partners
Partner with key business stakeholders to prioritise work and create amazing products to support our data platform.
Manage a team of technical data engineers to achieve customer, company, and team goals
Acts as the first point of escalation for customers when they have questions with our delivery. Additionally, provides escalation as needed into other parts of Databricks to ensure rapid resolution of technical and business issues.
Provide input to grow and improve internal processes and customer success service offerings.
Effectively builds and leverages customer relationships throughout the sales and delivery process.

What we look for:

12 years of industry experience
6 years of successful experience in a customer facing role
4 years of experience leading a technical team of Data Engineers  Architects
Extensive experience in Big Data ecosystem (Spark, Hadoop ecosystem, Cassandra etc)
Knowledge of AWS  Azure  GCP
Knowledge of Databricks ecosystem is a plus
Proven documentation skills, along with strong project management experience.
Strong abilities manage multiple engagements, while delivering extremely high levels of customer satisfaction.
Excellent people skills to partner with various key business stakeholders.
Conversant with business issues our customers face today and likely big data use cases in different industries
Experience estimating effort and scope for services

Benefits :

Private medical insurance
Accident coverage
Employees Provident Fund
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.