CSQ324R115
At Databricks we work on some of the most complex distributed processing and machine learning problems in the world and our customers challenge us with interesting new big data and AI use cases. You will shape the future big data and the machine learning landscape for leading Fortune 500 organizations.
Project Managers accomplish the mission of the Professional Services team, which is to accelerate and de-risk our customers outcome through improved project success. Whilst maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction project managers balance delivery responsibilities with the commercial goals of the professional services organization. You will report to the Sr. Manager, Professional Services.
The impact you will have:

You will take ownership of all commercial delivery of services from a project administration and director perspective across numerous concurrent projects in Asean and Greater China Region ranging from a single individual for 2-3 weeks to 6 month engagements of multi-person teams
You will define, manage, scope and mitigate risk across projects including enforcing project reporting, milestone tracking and financial management of engagements to accelerate our customers success adoption and their associated outcomes.
Work with the account management and customer teams to complete handover from sales to delivery teams
Work with the account management team to ensure accurate reporting on projects and keeping all relevant parties up-to-date with project activity and success

What we look for:

Individuals who excel in a high paced environment working with cross-functional teams on multiple customer engagements often concurrently.
4 years experience successfully managing and overseeing projects with teams of up to 5 people with contract values in excess of 0.5 million
Experience in managing enterprise scale projects, with global deployments ideally within the big data and analytics industry domain
Experience of industry project management techniques including agile project delivery ideally with PMIPRINCEAGILE certification
Good communication and analytical skills with ability to mentor team members to achieve success.
Initiative, determination and a high degree of resourcefulness
Strong commercial focus and will have managed both TM and Fixed Price project engagements
Written and verbal fluency in both English and Mandarin

Benefits

Private medical, dental and optical
Life, accident, disability and critical illness coverage
Central Provident Fund for local nationals
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.