P-1008
Databricks is looking for a Head of Product Data Science to grow the product data science team and lead the development of data and AI products. You will lead a team of data scientists and work directly in partnership with product managers and engineering leaders to empower them with data-driven insights and solutions. You, along with your team, will dig into the data to uncover new insights, identify opportunities and actions for product improvements and new product development, determine product metrics with goals, design experiments, and promote customer experience, engagement, and growth of Databricks products. As the leader for Product Data Science, you will establish the roadmap for your team and implement projects in data science, artificial intelligence, machine learning, and product insights. You will also partner with our engineering teams to create requirements of the Databricks product to allow data scientists to easily explore and analyze new data sets for insights and to build data products.
At Databricks, we are obsessed with enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems, from security threat detection to cancer drug development. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform, so our customers can focus on the high-value challenges that are central to their missions.
The impact you will have:

Lead data scientists to provide product insights and develop important data and AI products and capabilities
Develop data science solutions to identify opportunities for product improvements, new product features, improve and forecast growth, and improve product use and customer experience
Partner with product managers and stakeholders to understand the business need and priorities to build a roadmap of strategic capabilities and ensure delivery and adoptions
Design metrics and KPI definitions with goals for different product areas, report and communicate insights around product success to partners and the senior management team
Function as a thought partner with senior management and stakeholders, and provide leadership in developing the long-term vision and requirements for the Databricks product

What we look for:

10 years of product data science, machine learning, advanced analytics experience in high velocity, high-growth companies
5 years of management experience hiring and developing teams
Experience developing data science, analytics, and machine learning and AI products and capabilities in a cloud environment
Knowledge of statistics and rigorous analytical techniques
Experience with data visualization tools, knowledge of data engineering, data modeling, and big data technologies
Leadership skills and experience to lead across functional and organizational lines
Strong communication skills to explain and evangelize analytics and data science to executives and the senior management team
Bias to action and passion for delivering high-quality data solutions
A passion for problem-solving and comfort with ambiguity
MS or Ph.D. in quantitative fields (Statistics, Math, CS or Engineering)

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range204,000—286,500 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.