P-163
At Databricks, we are passionate about helping data teams solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business.
Founded by engineers and customer obsessed, Databricks has started a multi-year journey to build the best Lakehouse Platform. For this we are building on top of a great foundation but our goal is to go further to build dramatically better products. From the Storage Engine (data layout, encryption, caching, ...) to the Query Engine (Vectorization, Query Optimization, ), we want to revisit every component to provide our customers with the fastest, easiest to use and most secure data platform for all their data workloads.
As an Engineering Manager, you will join as a founding member of the not only the Berlin site, but really as a founding team for our multi-year journey to achieve our Lakehouse vision. You will work with other leaders to establish the direction of the product and bring to life new features.
The responsibilities you will have:

Hire great engineers to build an outstanding team.
Support engineers in their career development by providing clear feedback and develop engineering leaders.
Ensure high technical standards by instituting processes (architecture reviews, testing) and culture (engineering excellence).
Work with engineering and product leadership to build a long-term roadmap and vision
Coordinate execution and collaborate across teams to unblock cross-cutting projects.
Participate in developing the Berlin site

What we look for:

Experience with distributed data systems and the processes around testing, monitoring, and benchmarking
Partner with PM, Sales, and Customers to develop new features.
BS (or higher) in Computer Science, or a related field.
5 years of Engineering experience and 2 years of Engineering Management experience.

Benefits

Employer contributions to public or private health plan
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
Paid Parental Leave
Mental wellness resources

About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 5,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, HM, and over 40 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.