The Manager, Specialist Solutions Architect will lead a team of Partner Solution Architects. As you help mature our consulting  SI partner development function, you will provide technical guidance for practices at our consulting partners that span pre-sales teams and their data analytics delivery organizations. Your experience and influence, will help accelerate Customer Success and Databricks DBU consumption through a global partner ecosystem. You will guide and enhance your teams effectiveness; be an expert at communicating complex, outcome-based results that drive consumptions and help our joint customers achieve their desired outcome. 
The impact you will have:

You will grow a team of Partner Solutions Architects for a company in high-growth mode.
Crush your OKRs! - by making sure our partners know how to build a comprehensive technical point of view to establish the lakehouse architecture across a wide array of their customers, identify valuable business-impacting offers and guide the adoption of the Databricks platform into partner solutions.  This will establish partners as trusted advisors by having strong capability and Databricks practices.
Lead a team to make partners grow their practice by driving priorities alongside partner sales and partner alliances along with the other databricks technical functions (Specialist, Professional Services, and Product)
Establish relationships across the business to make your partners and our customers successful.
Build a collaborative culture within a hyper-growth team to embody and ensure Databricks company values
Drive Customer Success and DBU consumption through consulting partners
Display a deep understanding of a consulting services business needs, revenue potential, escalation management and project-portfolio management as it relates to enterprise data transformation initiatives

What we look for:

5 years experience in senior pre-sales or post-sales roles, where you have assisted in the development of a successful team of professionals in Big Data, Cloud, or SaaS
PlayerCoach capability, comfortable both leading or contributing to work on projects, with partners on our joint customers
Have experience scaling and mentoring field or technical teams from scratch at hyper-growth speed
Knowledgeable in and passionate about data-driven decisions, AI, and Cloud software models
Great at instituting processes for technical field members to promote efficiency
Bachelors Degree in STEM subject, or MSc desirable
Technical background either in Data Engineering  Database technologies or Data Science

Benefits

Employer contributions to public or private health plan
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range182,000—322,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.