FEQ324R162
While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.
Databricks is experiencing tremendous growth and we are looking for a Technical Enablement Specialist to join our Technical Enablement Team. You will report to the Sr. Technical Enablement Manager for Field Engineering.
An ideal candidate is passionate about the Data and AI space, technology, and enablement. The candidate should be accountable, highly organized, and able to lead cross-functional projects. The candidate should also have a strategic mindset and be able to adapt to changing priorities in order to drive performance, productivity, and results via building strong relationships.
The Technical Enablement teams mission is to provide the technical field team, and all technical customer-facing role, with an outstanding enablement program throughout their careers at Databricks. The Technical Enablement Specialist will develop cross functional partnerships and create learning programs to equip our technical teams with the ability to understand the Databricks platform, while assessing and validating the learner journey.
The impact you will have:

Work with leadership and stakeholders to prioritize and implement technical enablement programs
Develop curriculum and programs that improve the productivity of our technical field
Understand the Technical Training deliverable roadmap and own the program initiatives
Contribute to the technical enablement strategy by developing scalable and interactive learning programs, including program design, development, validations, and managing reporting
Work with engineering, support and product management to keep up-to-date with a fast-evolving platform, product, messaging, product capabilities, and new processes
Establish relationships across the business and leverage SMEs to further enhance enablement programs and content
Identify areas for improvement that lead to measurable outcomes, always looking to evolve the enablement and training solutions by Databricks

What we look for:

Minimum 6 years experience in enablement, technical sales, technical sales management, or any technical field role at a SaaS company
Can translate datainsights into strategies and provide data driven solutions
Solid understanding of the enablement processes, and how to evangelize and roll out the programs effectively across the organization.
Results-driven with strong project management skills and customer focus
Excellent communication and storytelling skills with the ability to break down concepts and clearly explain them to different audiences
Ability to work well in a fast-paced dynamic environment, able to manage competing priorities, and stay flexible through growth and change.

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range98,700—174,600 USDZone 2 Pay Range88,800—157,100 USDZone 3 Pay Range83,800—148,400 USDZone 4 Pay Range78,900—139,600 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.