GAQ324R126
Locations: 
Denver, CO; Seattle, WA; Washington, D.C.
Databricks is seeking a Senior Product Counsel to help the Databricks legal team provide cutting-edge, practical legal advice to Databricks engineering and product management teams as we navigate rapidly evolving global laws and regulations in big data, including data privacy, data protection and AI. This role will report to the Assistant General Counsel, Product.
The impact you will have: 

Exercise keen business and legal judgment. You know when to say yes, no, unless , and no, but you also know when to escalate concerns.
Contribute to the development of processes to improve our product counseling function.
Partner with teams across Databricks and close external partners that are building, deploying, and operating technology for external and internal users.
Demonstrate expertise in product counseling, privacy and security laws, marketing, and technology transactions as well as the capacity to be a generalist and learn new areas of law and legal skills quickly.
Work cross-functionally with the commercialization, product marketing, marketing, and communications teams to bring our transformative offerings to market.
Collaborate with other legal leaders in commercial, go-to-market, compliance, corporate, and public affairs with respect to product issues.
Deeply understand product and data risk issues to be able to hear and answer questions that arent asked and translate technical and security concerns into answers understandable to non-technical lawyers.
Provide end-to-end product counseling - from ideation to end of life.
Assist your product Stakeholders in developing process improvements.
Review marketing and other communications relating to products that you work on.
Draft and update form agreements regarding products and services, and negotiate product and security related changes to customer contracts, including those in DPAs and BAAs.
Provide general legal support on a flexible, as-needed basis with respect to other areas of the business
Work with potential vendors to understand data flows to determine privacy and data protection risk, and coordinate with the privacy legal team as appropriate.
Contribute as a team player to help further the status of the legal department as an effective, respected, and valued resource within the company

 
What we look for:
 

Minimum 5 to 7 years relevant legal experience at a top law firm andor in-house (a combination of both is a plus), with minimum of 2 years focused experience in product, privacy, AI andor IP law
Experience working for a company offering platform services to business customers is a plus
Deep understanding of cloud and software technology, and a strong desire to work on legal issues in these areas
Technical background -- either an engineering or hard science academic background, demonstrated ability to acquire deep product understanding, or significant life experience as a general technology nerd
State bar membership required
Ability to prioritize and manage time, and client expectations, in the face of competing demands, often without direct guidance as we scale our rapidly expanding business
Comfortable working with distributed teams
Ability to exercise good judgment in raising issues and when collaborating with others
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 2 Pay Range167,300—296,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.