SLSQ424R439
While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.
As the Technical Director, Cybersecurity Go-to-market, you will drive the global go-to-market strategy to grow the Cybersecurity business from a revenue and new logo perspective. Your primary day-to-day responsibilities will be to develop notebooks for Cybersecurity use-cases and to build technical solutions to build the security ecosystem. This job requires Cybersecurity, Data Science and programming expertise. You will work directly with customers, our field teams and cross-functional teams to promote Databricks adoption for security use cases. You will be the technical domain expert for executing cybersecurity use cases on  Databricks. You will have a passion for building on the Databricks platform, working with partners, and a passion for project management. This job will require travel for conferences, customer and team meetings once in-person meetings become safe. You will report to the VP of Cybersecurity, Financial Services and Sustainability GTM with a dotted line into the CSO office. 
The impact you will have: 

Develop use cases, technical thought leadership and help create comprehensive GTM strategy with cross-functional teams in order to drive cybersecurity revenues.
Create enablement content to empower sales representatives and solution architects with cybersecurity knowledge, trends and use cases 
Be an expert to customers and field teams for Databricks powered SecOps
Partner with marketing to develop Cybersecurity content, collateral, notebooks, and blogs and speak at industry events. 
Build demos for repeatable use cases and work closely with sales and pre-sales teams to win POCs
Work closely with cross functional teams (CSO office, sales, marketing, product management, etc) on various cybersecurity initiatives. 
Act as the productproject manager for 3rd party contractors, partner or internal projects
Create and communicate roadmap for Security GTM sales programs and build metricsOKR tracking against revenue goals. 
Work with marquee customers and partners on security initiatives and support progression of pipeline in Cybersecurity. 
Manage matrixed and multiple teams to accomplish GTM projects

What we look for:

10 years experience working as a security practitioner Experience building integrations for SaaS, PaaS products and cyber solutions.
Knowledge of cloud architectures, cloud security, and developed MLAI models for security use cases
Experience with program managing solutions which includes: collecting, tracking and prioritizing requirements, working with marketing to develop marketing assets and event planning.
Experience with Sales Enablement, program management, project management, and strategic planning
Present at security conferences or published security research papers.
Leadership experience with large-scale, cross-functional teams
Proficiency in programming in Python
Strong customer facing presence (security, IT and Business Leaders) and ability to cultivate executive relationships and open doors for the field.

Benefits:


Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision


401(k) Plan


Equity awards


Flexible time off


Paid parental leave


Family Planning


Gym reimbursement


Annual personal development fund


Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Mental Health Wellness Programs 

 
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles. Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. 
Canada Pay Range 
227,600 - 402,600 CADAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.