FEQ424R17
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.
At Databricks, our core values are at the heart of everything we do; creating a culture of proactiveness and a customer-centric mindset guides us to create a unified platform that makes data science and analytics accessible to everyone. We aim to inspire our customers to make informed decisions that push their business forward. We provide a user-friendly and intuitive platform that makes it easy to turn insights into action and fosters a culture of creativity, experimentation, and continuous improvement. You will be an essential part of this mission, using your technical expertise to demonstrate how our Lakehouse Platform can help customers solve their complex data challenges. Youll work with a collaborative, customer-focused team who values innovation and creativity, using your skills to create customized solutions to help our customers achieve their goals and guide their businesses forward. Join us in our quest to change how people work with data and make a better world!
The impact you will have:

Form successful relationships with clients throughout your assigned territory, providing technical and business value to Databricks customers in collaboration with Account Executives.
Operate as an expert in big data analytics to excite customers about Databricks. You will develop into a champion and trusted advisor on multiple issues of architecture, design, and implementation to lead to the successful adoption of the Databricks Lakehouse platform.
Scale best practices in your field and support customers by authoring reference architectures, how-tos, and demo applications, and help build the Databricks community in your region by leading workshops, seminars, and meet-ups.
Grow your knowledge and expertise to the level of a technical andor industry specialist.

What we look for:

Engage customers in technical sales, challenge their questions, guide clear outcomes, and communicate technical and value propositions.
Develop customer relationships and build internal partnerships with account executives and teams.
Prior experience with coding in a core programming language (i.e., Python, Java, Scala) and willingness to learn a base level of Spark.
Proficient with Big Data Analytics technologies, including hands-on expertise with complex proofs-of-concept and public cloud platform(s).  
Experienced in use case discovery, scoping, and delivering complex solution architecture designs to multiple audiences requiring an ability to context switch in levels of technical depth.
Fluent in Italian and English
Nice to have: Databricks Certification

Benefits

Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Employee referral bonus
Equity awards
Fitness reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Private Medical Insurance
Life, accident  disability insurance

 About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.