P-974
At Databricks, we are passionate about helping data teams solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers and dedicated to our customers, we leap at every opportunity to solve technical challenges, from designing next-gen UIUX for working with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. And were only getting started.
As a software engineer, you will work with our engineering team to build infrastructure and products for the Databricks platform. Were hiring across all of our teams, including backend, full stack, infrastructure, databases, systems, tools, cloud, and customer-facing products You will join a cohort of engineers who will build their careers through collaborative projects and learning opportunities. With a dedicated mentor and supportive team, youll onboard quickly and start contributing to impactful projects soon after starting here at Databricks!
The impact you will have:

Work with a team to build features and improve architecture for the Databricks platform
Develop and extend the Databricks product
Own full software development lifecycle: design, development, testing, and operating in production
Build solutions with a high level of reliability, scalability, and security

What we look for:

You will graduate in December 2023 or Spring 2024 with a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related subject
You have implementation skills with a general purpose program language, such as Python, Java, or C
You have knowledge of algorithms, data structures, and OOP principles
You have experience managing end-to-end projects

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance

We are hiring Software Engineer - New Grads across multiple offices. Please apply for the single location that youre the most interested in, and we will discuss more with you as you move through the process. We can only consider one application in 30 days. 
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range133,000—143,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.