 
P-962
At Databricks, we are passionate about helping data teams solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business.
Founded by engineers, Databricks has started a multi-year journey to build the best Lakehouse Platform. For this we are building on top of a great foundation but our goal is to go further to build dramatically better products. We want to revisit every component to provide our customers with the fastest, easiest to use and most secure data platform for all their data workloads.
As a software engineer, you will join as a founding member of not only the Belgrade site, but really as a founding team for our multi-year journey to achieve our Lakehouse vision. You will be involved in the entire development cycle and exemplify all core Databricks values.
The impact youll have:
Our backend teams span many domains across our essential service platforms. For instance, you might work on challenges such as:

Problems that span from product to infrastructure including: distributed systems, at-scale service architecture and monitoring, workflow orchestration, and developer experience.
Build reliable, secure and high performance services and client libraries for storing and accessing humongous amount of data on cloud storage backends, e.g., AWS S3, GCS, Azure Blob Store.
Develop product features that empower our customers to easily store and access their data.

What we look for:

BS (or higher) in Computer Science, or a related field
5 years of production level experience in one of: Java, Scala, C, or similar language
Experience developing large-scale distributed systems
Experience working on a SaaS platform or with Service-Oriented Architectures
Knowledge of SQL

Benefits

Employer contributions to public or private health plan
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
Paid Parental Leave
Mental wellness resources
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.