CSQ324R117
The Sr. Engagement Manager assures customer success by driving customer satisfaction throughout the customer success  services life-cycle for our customers, from orchestrating the engagement to successful delivery and beyond.
As a Sr. Engagement Manager, you will ensure that our customers in Asean and Greater China Region are making the most value of our products and services by positioning, preparing, managing the delivery and follow-up of our professional services and training engagements. This role is a strategic and cross-functional position that will partner closely with Sales, Customer Success, Support and Product Teams on campaigns, programs, and content. You will report to the APJ Sr. Director, Professional Services.
The impact you will have:

Demonstrate a passion for the job and lead by example by putting Databricks and our customers first to achieve the sales and delivery mission
Collaborate with the sales counterpart and engages early in the sales process to seek to understand our customers needs, their business, how success is defined, and ensure that we are exceeding expectations in delivery and developing valued solutions
Identify opportunities for new services by understanding and addressing potential new use-cases and the ability to articulate the business value in the upsell, or extension of services
Performs as the Sr. Engagement Manager in the assigned area with full accountability for meetingexceeding Professional Services and Training bookings and revenue targets
Ability to articulate relevant customer success stories, services offerings, and metrics that demonstrate value to the customer
Consult with clients to understand and analyze engagement scope, requirements, time, cost and benefits. Responsible for estimating, scoping and developing the statement of work documents as necessary
Drive resolution of delivery challenges, address resource contentions, scoping issues and manage expectations

What we look for:

Data and AI domain knowledge and experience working with customers to realise business value through to production implementations
Proven experience in senior customer-facing roles that require a mix of influencing, validating, negotiating, understanding and execution
Excellent customer-facing skills and the ability to communicate with Executives as well as other stakeholders both internally and externally
Consistent track record of identifying customer needs and successfully implementing solutions
Demonstrate strong leadership experience, the ability to enforce good project governance and drive delivery excellence
Strong service delivery and program management skills with the ability to synthesize customer success outcomes into well-structured program plans that deliver against such outcomes
Proven experience in estimating effort and scope for services
Outstanding communication and customer relationship skills

Benefits

Private medical, dental and optical
Life, accident, disability and critical illness coverage
Central Provident Fund for local nationals
Equity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.