
P-273
 
While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered. LI-REMOTE
As a Solutions Architects on the Digital Natives team, you will shape the future of the big data landscape by working with the most sophisticated data engineering and data science teams in the world.
Reporting to the Field Engineering Manager, you will collaborate with customers, product teams, and the broader customer-facing team to develop architectures and solutions using our platform and APIs. You will guide customers through the competitive landscape, best practices, and implementation; and develop technical champions along the way.
The impact you will have:

You will partner with the sales team and provide technical leadership to help customers understand how Databricks can help solve their business problems.
Consult on Big Data architectures, implement proof of concepts for strategic projects, spanning data engineering, data science and machine learning, and SQL analysis workflows. As well as validating integrations with cloud services, home grown tools, and other 3rd party applications
Collaborate with your fellow Solutions Architects, using your skills to support each other and our users
Become an expert in, promote, and recruit contributors for Databricks inspired open-source projects (Spark, Delta Lake, and MLflow) across the developer community.

What we look for:

3 years in a data engineering, data science, technical architecture, or similar pre-salesconsulting role
Experience building distributed data systems
Comfortable programming in, and debugging, Python and SQL
Have built solutions with public cloud providers such as AWS, Azure, or GCP
Expertise in one of the following:

Data Engineering technologies (Ex: Spark, Hadoop, Kafka)
Data Science and Machine Learning technologies (Ex: pandas, scikit-learn, pytorch, Tensorflow)


Available to travel to customers in your region
[Desired] Degree in a quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research)
Nice to have: Databricks Certification

NOTE: If your experience isnt a perfect match for the job description, but you feel like youre a good fit for the role, apply.  We want to work with smart, passionate, people who are good at their job, and, a lot of times, those people have non-linear career paths.
Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mental wellness resources

 

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range139,700—247,300 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.