As an Account Executive your mission will be to help further build our India business, which is one of our fastest growing markets in APJ. The Databricks Sales Team is driving growth through strategic and innovative partnership with our customers, helping businesses thrive by solving the worlds toughest problems with our solutions. You will be inspiring and guiding customers on their data journey, making organisations more collaborative and productive than ever before. You will play an important role in the business in India, with the opportunity to strategically build your territory in close partnership with the business leaders. Using your passion with technology and drive to build, you will help businesses all across India reach their full potential, through the power of Databricks.
You know how to sell innovation and change and can guide deals forward to compress decision cycles. You love understanding a product in-depth and are passionate about communicating its value to customers and partners. Always prospecting for new opportunities, you will close new accounts while growing our business in existing accounts.
The impact you will have:

Prospect for new customers
Assess your existing customers and develop a strategy to identify and engage all buying centres
Use a solution approach to selling and creating value for customers
Identify the most viable use cases in each account to maximise Databricks impact
Orchestrate and work with teams to maximise the impact of the Databricks ecosystem on your territory
Build value with all engagements to promote successful negotiations and close
Promote the Databricks enterprise cloud data platform
Be customer-focused by delivering technical and business results using the Databricks Platform
Promote Teamwork

What we look for:

You have previously worked in an early-stage company and you know how to navigate and be successful in a fast-growing organisation
5 years of sales experience in SaaSPaaS, or Big Data companies
Prior customer relationships with CIOs and important decision-makers
Simply articulate intricate cloud technologies and big data
3 years of experience exceeding sales quotas
Success closing new accounts while upselling existing accounts
Bachelors Degree

Benefits

Private medical insurance
Accident coverage
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
Mental wellness resources

About Databricks
Want to help speed the development of medical breakthroughs? Make the next mode of transportation a reality? Or discover ways to reverse climate change? Were on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. The opportunity is huge and Databricks has emerged as a leader. Thousands of enterprises — including Comcast, Virgin Hyperloop and HM — already rely on us to power their businesses and were just getting started. Now its your turn - join us to grow your career and make an impact with some of the brightest minds in the industry.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.