FEQ424R120
While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.
The Sr. Manager, Specialist Solutions Architect will lead a team of Specialist Solution Architects, specializing in Platform Administration and Security, across different industry verticals in the Americas. Your team will provide deep technical expertise in these areas to admin and security personas within our customers, by working alongside with Solutions Architect (SA) teams and Delivery Solutions Architect (DSA) team.
Through your experience partnering with the pre-sales team and other functions in the GTM team, your team will help accelerate Databricks adoption. You will guide and enhance your teams effectiveness; and be an expert at communicating complex, outcome-based results that drive consumption and help our customers achieve their desired outcomes.
What we look for:

Demonstrated expertise in designing and implementing enterprise-scale data lakes and data applications, with a focus on integration and governance of cloud platforms, infrastructure, networking, identity, and security.
Experience in senior pre-sales or post-sales roles, that have assisted in the development or building of a successful team in Big Data, Cloud, or SaaS professionals
PlayerCoach capability, comfortable both leading or contributing to work on projects, with production-level quality
Have experience scaling and mentoring field or technical teams from scratch at hyper-growth speed
Knowledgeable in and passionate about data-driven decisions, AI, and Cloud software models
Great at instituting processes for technical field members to promote efficiency
Bachelors Degree in STEM subject, or MSc desirable
Technical background either in Data Engineering  Database technologies, Data Science, or cloud platforms

The impact you will have: 

Hiring and building the Specialist Solutions Architect team, scaling the designated field engineering segment organization without sacrificing quality
Build a collaborative culture within a hyper-growth team to embody and ensure Databricks company values
Drive DBU consumption and product adoption among our prospects and customers
Collaborate closely and partner with cross-functional teams and programs, including each of the industry verticals, Product Development, Operations, and other Field Engineering teams, to prioritize our investments, leading the team to exceed customer success and revenue targets
Display a deep understanding of business needs, revenue potential, escalation management, and project-portfolio management

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range196,300—347,300 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.