While candidates in the Bay Area are encouraged for this role, candidates in the Seattle area will also be considered.
At Databricks, we are on a mission to simplify data science, empowering people to solve the worlds most challenging problems. As a product designer, your focus will be on improving the user experience for search, file browsing, and data discovery. Our team of designers combines the creativity of a craftsperson with the inquisitiveness of a data scientist. We value excellent design, and we are dedicated to making data accessible through scalable experiences.
In this role, you will work closely with cross-functional teams, including product management, and engineering to create high-quality, well-designed software. You will contribute to the vision for the system, processes, and tools that empower our teams to build outstanding products. Your efforts will be instrumental in creating compelling and accessible experiences for our users.
As a core member of our product design team, you will collaborate with your colleagues to design components, systems, and tools that will unlock innovative experiences at Databricks. Your work will directly contribute to our mission of making data science simpler, enabling people to solve the worlds toughest problems.
The impact you will have:

Lead search functionality across the product, shaping the product vision
Design the homepage and other key product areas for quick access to relevant content
Work with designers, elevating their skills and adhering to best practices
Create system components and patterns in collaboration with the product design team
Collaborate with other designers to unify designs across products
Develop and maintain detailed user-interface specifications and design pattern documentation
Write documentation and guidance for design components, styles, and patterns

What we look for:

A portfolio showcasing 4 years of product design experience, including 2 years of relevant design systems experience
Strong interaction design and product design work
4 years of experience shipping great digital products
A diverse product design skillset that can delight a technical audience
Entrepreneurial mindset and ability to analyze business metrics, conduct customer conversations, and debate with the engineering team
Use research to understand customer goals and validate design proposals
A bachelors degree or equivalent in HCI, interaction design, graphic design, computer science, or related disciplines
Bonus points for experience designing in the data industry or similar fields.

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 2 Pay Range119,700—211,900 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.