P-966
See important information about CodeSignal below. We are unable to merge accounts, so if youve taken the assessment before, please apply using the same email address.
At Databricks, we are passionate about helping data teams solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business.
As a Software Engineering Intern, you will join a team of engineers to build features that contribute directly to the Databricks platform. Were hiring across all of our teams, including full stack, backend, infrastructure, systems, tools, cloud, databases, and customer-facing products. You will have a dedicated mentor and will join our 2024 intern cohort where youll connect with engineers, other interns, and leaders from across the company.
We are hiring Software Engineering Interns across multiple offices. Please apply for the single location that youre the most interested in, and we will discuss more with you as you move through the process. We can only consider one application in 30 days. 
The impact you will have:

Work with a team to build features for the Databricks platform
Manage your project end-to-end, including design, code, and feedback
Learn about building a platform that scales quickly while maintaining quality and security

What we look for:

You will graduate in fall 2024 or spring 2025 with a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related subject
You have implementation skills with a general purpose program language, such as Python, Java, or C
You have good knowledge of algorithms, data structures, and OOP principles
You are excited to solve ambiguous problems with a collaborative team

You can select one of the following programs through this application: Winter 16-week co-op, Summer 16-week co-op, or Summer 12-week internship. Co-ops are only available to students enrolled in a co-op program.
All applicants will receive a CodeSignal assessment to the email on your application. We cannot merge CodeSignal accounts if you have taken the assessment with a different email address. Completing CodeSignal is optional. Databricks takes a holistic and individual approach when reviewing candidates completed applications. While candidates may choose to take the CodeSignal assessment for consideration with their application, Databricks does not have a specific recommendation regarding an applicants decision to apply with our without completing CodeSignal.
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 SF Bay Area Hourly Rate50—55 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.