GAQ424R67
About the Team
The mission of the legal department at Databricks is to help scale the business overall while ensuring governance and compliance, contributing to customer and corporate security, and corporate risk management and mitigation. 
Outcomes
The most dynamic sector in which to build your legal career right now is the global, data-driven, cloud-based provision of artificial intelligence, data analytics, and machine learning services.
Databricks seeks a Director and Associate General Counsel to establish our commercial legal operations in Costa Rica. You will join Databricks growing global commercial legal team supporting our business activities generally and specifically initiating the hire and management of a team of contracts specialists. These contract managers will work on diverse matters, including reviewing and negotiating customer orders and agreements and providing legal support for revenue-generating activities in our AMER region and elsewhere. 
Reporting to our VP Global Commercial Legal, your responsibilities will include building a successful team to oversee commercial contracts and to support and resolve issues relating to quarterly revenue generation.
Responsibilities: 

Establish yourself as the leader of the Costa Rican commercial legal team
Hire and manage contracts managers to grow a successful team to support the wider commercial legal group
Resolve complex, non-standard agreements and orders
Be a Legal business partner to Sales leadership providing general legal advice on forecasting, deal process, and contract management
Understand product, data security, and privacy process issues to direct Sales leadership during negotiations
Help with standardization of documentation across multiple jurisdictions
Quickly assimilate Databricks internal structures, product offerings, technology, securitydata protection systems, policies, and standard commercial contracts to enable effective support across all lines of business

Qualifications  Experience         

Relevant tech sector legal experience focused on commercial transactions including complex cloud contracts, with a minimum of 10 years experience including significant experience in-house (preferably at a high-growth technology company)
Understanding of cloud services, software technology and professional services contracts and orders
Demonstrable success in recruiting, leading, and managing junior legal team members
Understanding of intellectual property, data privacy, and contract law
Substantial experience drafting and negotiating complex transactions involving security, privacy and IP issues
Solid experience of business process gained in-house relating to commercial, contract, intellectual property and data privacy law
Ability to prioritize, manage time, and client expectations in the face of competing demands
Law degree  and member of the Costa Rican Bar Association
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.