MKTQ424R22
Do you get excited about creating the best event experiences? Do you enjoy the fast-paced culture of a high-growth tech startup where you have the opportunity to directly influence the business success? The Senior Event Content Manager at Databricks will report to the Sr. Group Manager, Event Marketing and guide the session content workstream for corporate events including Data  AI Summit. You will ensure the delivery of first-class, valuable, engaging, and high-impact session content, with a strong focus on operational excellence to achieve scalability. This role is open to remote work.
The impact you will have:
Drive the delivery of high-quality session content experience for corporate events at Databricks that meet attendees educational needs and support Databrickss priorities and important messages.Analyze content consumption and conversion to business to create and develop a content strategy. Partner with Product Marketing, Dev Rel, Partner Marketing, Industry Marketing and other stakeholders to help support event goals. Facilitate stakeholder input, summarize product information, identify dependencies and deliver a comprehensive roadmap for session content.Collaborate with Databricks Dev Rel team to lead the OSS community to get state-of-the-art content submissions. Work with internal reviewers to build a strong community content agenda.Oversee all content operations including call for presentations, track organization, speakersession selection, allocations, scheduling, track ownerspeaker management and collaboration with the Event Tech team. Build out the speaker review process. Develop creative content methods of engagement.Collaborate on event marcom, contributing to email and promotional comms, working closely with the web and event tech teams on session page design and execution and ensuring agreement on content deadlines to meet marcompromo needsCollaborate with logistics, AV and infrastructure teams to improve room and session sizes and ensure session room requirements, AV needs, wifi, room management, scanning, etc. are planned forWork with the event teach team for implementation and management of event tech tools for content management, solving any unique challenges and ensuring data accuracy. Collaborate with Marcom team to ensure messaging and instructions on how to use the mobile app.Oversee the content specialist contractor and vendor operational support.Create various reports that share key findings throughout content development and post-event cyclesDevelop strong relationships with the event team and other cross-functional teams
What we look for:
8 years of experience in event content managementKnowledge of event content pillars and best practicesEfficient project management skills to build cohesive plans, and create agreement across groupsExperience managing complex projects with multiple stakeholders across the globeDeep understanding of the process and tools for content management. This includes the ability to learn new tools and processes.Experience with Salesforce.com, Google Suite, Asana, Tableau, Marketo, Rainfocus, Swoogo, etc.
Benefits
Medical, Dental, and Vision401(k) PlanFSA, HSA and Commuter Benefit PlansEquity AwardsFlexible Time OffPaid Parental LeaveFamily PlanningFitness ReimbursementAnnual Career Development FundHome OfficeWork Headphones ReimbursementEmployee Assistance Program (EAP)Business Travel Accident InsuranceMental Wellness Resources
LI-Remote
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range110,700—196,000 USDZone 2 Pay Range99,600—176,400 USDZone 3 Pay Range94,100—166,600 USDZone 4 Pay Range88,600—156,800 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.