SLSQ424R40
As part of our accelerating APJ growth, Databricks is looking for a dynamic Enterprise Account Executive to join the founding team. This is an exciting new logo Sales role that will make an important impact on the revenue and expansion of our business in ASEAN.
As an Enterprise Account Executive your mission will be to acquire and grow some of our focus customers in Databricks.You know how to sell within a specific vertical domain and can guide deals forward to compress decision cycles. You love understanding a product in-depth and are passionate about communicating its value to customers and partners. Always prospecting for new opportunities, you will close new accounts while growing our business in existing accounts.
You will be reporting to the Senior Director of Enterprise Sales, ASEAN.
The impact you will have:

Evangelize Databricks Unified Analytics Platform powered by Spark and launch the Databricks brand in Enterprise Accounts across all industries
Prospect, identify and source new sales opportunities, building pipeline individually and with the Databricks SDR team
Engage with business and technical decision makers and lead them through the evaluation and buying process
Exceed individual activity, pipeline and annual revenue targets
Engage with and drive business through local partners (technology partners, ISVs, SIs and GSIs)
Drive customer success and upsell in existing customers
Create a Territory Strategy focused on the public sector industry and other industries.

What we look for:

7 years of experience selling SaaS solutions to Enterprise Customers in the public sector industry and other industries in Singapore.
Proven success in Enterprise Sales roles, ideally in Big Data, Cloud, or SaaS technology
Demonstrable experience of selling innovation, ideally in Big Data, Cloud, or SaaS technology
Solution and business-outcomes focused sales approach (Command of the Message, MEDDPIC, Challenger Sale)
Ability to simply articulate intricate cloud  big data technologies and their business value for the customer
Proven success and upward trajectory in whatever you have done

Benefits

Private medical, dental and optical
Life, accident, disability and critical illness coverage
Central Provident Fund for local nationals
Equity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resourcesEmployee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.