CSQ125R2
Mission
As a  Senior Backline Technical Solutions Engineer you will help our customers to be successful with the Databricks platform by resolving important technical customer escalations and the support team. You will be the technical bridge between support and engineering and the first line of defense for engineering. You will ensure that all issues are vetted by you before it reaches the engineering team. You will report to the Senior Backline Manager of the Backline Escalations Team.
Outcomes

Troubleshoot, resolve and suggest deep code-level analysis of Spark to address complex customer issues related to Spark core internals, Spark SQL, Structured Streaming and Databricks Delta.
Provide best practices guidance around Spark runtime performance and usage of Spark core libraries and APIs for custom-built solutions developed by Databricks customers.
Help the support team with detailed troubleshooting guides and runbooks.
Contribute to automation and tooling programs to make daily troubleshooting efficient.
Work with the Spark Engineering Team and spread awareness of upcoming features and releases.
Identify Spark bugs and suggest possible workarounds.
Demonstrate ownership and coordinate with engineering and escalation teams to achieve resolution of customer issues and requests
Participate in weekend and weekday on call rotation.

Competencies

Minimum 6 years experience developing, testing, and sustaining Python or Java or Scala-based applications.
Comfortable with compiling, building and navigating the Apache Spark source code.
Comfortable with identifying and applying patchesbug fixes to the Apache Spark source code.
Experience in Big DataHadoopSparkKafkaElasticsearch data pipelines.
Hands-on experience with SQL-based database systems.
Experience in JVM, GC, Thread dump-based troubleshooting is required.
Experience with AWS or Azure related services.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related field is required.
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.