MKTQ424R23
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.
The Senior Demand Generation Nurture Manager will develop, execute  optimize comprehensive Nurture marketing strategies to better engage, retain, and grow customers and users through their journey with Databricks. This role will be responsible for building best-in-class, scalable and always-on Nurture capabilities across audiences and channels, tightly integrated with other programs in-market.
The impact you will have:
Establish our marketing Nurture capabilities as a repeatable, scalable, always-on engine across geos, audiences and channels, with best-in-class Nurture programs driving an increasing share of business outcomesBuild Nurture into a core marketing capability, integrated with and embedded within our audience marketing approach, with hIghly performant nurture programs that cater to various prospect  customer segments across their journeyDevelop scalable, automated campaign journeys and capabilities to deliver triggered static and dynamic content and messages across nurture tracks, in collaboration with product marketing and marketing operations, to scale business outcomesCreate testing and optimization frameworks to creatively explore and test new segments, messages, content and offers; Drive continuous improvement through a consistent testing strategy (template formats, layouts, subject lines, copy, landing pages, etc.) while iterating quickly to optimize across all Nurture metricsDeepen our understanding of customer behavior, identify patterns in their behavior and interactions across nurture touchpoints, and leverage those insights to refine segmentation and deepen our engagement with segments across touchpointsLeveraging industry best practices, guide creative development of nurture templates and landing pages; Serve as the subject matter expert to help the team learn how to incorporate best practices into all planning, decisions and execution  from creative to segmentation to deliverabilityEvolve our nurture campaign to include multiple channels in addition to email, to engage our audiences and progress them deeper in the funnel.
What we look for:
7 years of professional experience, of which 5 years experience in demand generation in a high growth SaaS startup.Expertise in building high performing and scalable email and cross-channel nurture programs, with deep understanding of nurture best practices, metrics  optimization tacticsExperience with experimentation and comfort with data analysis andor working with analysts to measure program impactFluent in interpreting data, creating alignment around actionable insights and translating it into applicable changesEstablished track record of bringing customer data, segments, channel, creative, content, and offers together to drive needed business outcomes via lifecycle  nurture strategiesExpert in end-to-end campaign development, execution, and measurement, specifically working with Marketing operations in the set up, execution and optimization of nurture programsStrong interpersonal skills to build collaborative relationships and create alignment with team members and cross-functional teams.Strategic and creative problem solver, who can develop and manage tactical execution plans that keep the customer at the center, drive higher engagement with prospects and customers, and deliver on key objectivesStrong project management skills to effectively deliver complex programs working across multiple teams
Benefits
Medical, Dental, and Vision401(k) PlanFSA, HSA and Commuter Benefit PlansEquity AwardsFlexible Time OffPaid Parental LeaveFamily PlanningFitness ReimbursementAnnual Career Development FundHome OfficeWork Headphones ReimbursementEmployee Assistance Program (EAP)Business Travel Accident InsuranceMental Wellness Resources
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range119,000—210,500 USDZone 2 Pay Range107,100—189,500 USDZone 3 Pay Range101,200—178,900 USDZone 4 Pay Range95,200—168,400 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.