Req ID: GAQ324R111
Databricks is looking for a Senior Financial Analyst to join the Sales Finance team in the FPA organization. The Sales Finance teams primary goal is to help Databricks continue optimizing investment for long-term growth through thoughtful analysis and improving visibility across the business.
You will be a trusted advisor to Sales and Finance leadership, delivering insights and providing recommendations for driving sustainable growth. You will improve forecast reliability, enhance corporate reporting, establish processes, and scale our systems to help grow the business. You will also serve as the liaison between finance, accounting, commission administration and sales operations to find ways to improve, automate, and scale our commission model.
The Impact You Will Have:

Maintain and improve the sales commissions forecast model
Partner with sales strategy to improve the quota setting and comp plan design process
Lead variance analyses during monthquarteryear end close
Prepare monthlyquarterly presentations to give more insights on commission expenses, headcount and various KPIs
Develop relationships with partners across finance, accounting, commission administration and sales operations
Assist with operationalizing processes for our MA activities

What We Look For:

BS in Business, Economics, Accounting, Finance or comparable field
3-5 years of finance, public accounting, or investment banking experience; familiarity with the software industry (and SaaS) a plus
Excellent analytical, organizational, and collaboration skills
Experience simplifying and scaling while supporting a fast moving, high-growth business
Curiosity to learn and solve problems independently
Ability to prioritize objectives in a fast-paced environment to ensure deliverables are met in a timely manner
Expert in ExcelG sheets (can maintain complex spreadsheets); comfortable managing large datasets and driver-based models

Benefits:

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range94,300—166,800 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.