RDQ224R412
Join Databricks in a period of tremendous growth and innovation. Technical writers here play a critical role in the product group: You will create compelling content that shows data scientists, data engineers, and data analysts how to use Databricks to solve their toughest data analytics, machine learning, and AI problems.
To succeed in this role, you have a technical background in data science, data engineering, andor business analytics. You are passionate about instructional writing, with a focus on clarity, straightforward storytelling, and an information architects approach to organizing material. The work is going to come fast and furious, but youll never let up on your advocacy for the customer. 
If youre excited to work with some of the industrys brightest innovators in data and AI, we want to talk to you. 
What youll do

Write high-impact documentation for all parts of the data science and data engineering lifecycle, including deployment and configuration guidance for IT and DevOps engineers, user guidance for data scientists and data engineers, API and command references, tutorials, walkthroughs, sample apps, and best practices guides.
Collaborate with engineers and product managers to develop effective, customer-focused documentation.
Collaborate with customer-facing technical staff (support engineers, solutions architects, developer relations) on best practices, onboarding material, and other scenario-based guidance.
Help drive a use-case-based information-architecture approach to organizing content.
Help us continually improve our authoring and production tools and processes.
Edit content contributed by engineering and the field for technical accuracy, grammar, usage, adherence to style, and fit in information architecture.
Manage contributed articles through technical review, content edits, and publication.

What we look for

4 years documenting sophisticated technologies for developers and IT professionals, or equivalent work experience (as a software developer, product manager, or solutions architect, for example).
Experience working with machine learning, generative AI, data science, data engineering, data warehousing, data analytics, and ELT.
Experience documenting SDKs, APIs, CLIs, and developer and DevOps workflows in general.
Experience using generative AI technologies in content development.
Mastery of the tools of the technical writer: consistent voice, straightforward and lively style, and understanding of the rules of grammar and usage.
Demonstrated understanding of information architecture concepts and how to apply them to a constantly changing website.
Proven project management skills.
Proficiency in Markdown-style formats with Git and GitHub.
Understanding of cloud and distributed data infrastructure.
Basic proficiency in at least one programming language, preferably Python or Scala.
Strong analytical skills, with excellent problem-solving abilities.
Attention to technical accuracy and detail.
Experience performing data analysis to drive decision-making.

Nice to have

Experience developing short video tutorials.
Experience creating effective and on-brand diagrams.

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 2 Pay Range88,100—155,800 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.