SLSQ424R319
Databricks operates at the leading edge of the Unified Data Analytics and AI space. Our customers turn to us to lead the accelerated innovation that their businesses need to gain first mover advantage in todays ultra competitive landscape.
We are looking for a creative, delivery oriented Enterprise Account Executive to join the team in the Netherlands to maximise the phenomenal market opportunity that exists for Databricks in the financial services sector. As an Enterprise Account Executive at Databricks you will need to build relationships with C-level executives and data professionals in order to acquire new enterprise-class customers in the financial services sector. To be successful in this role you will need to develop bespoke use-cases to address the specific challenges facing financial services organisations and share an informed point of view on the Big Data and Advanced Analytics space. 
The impact you will have: 

Assess your list of assigned (25) accounts and develop a strategy to execute against it
Identify new business opportunities, win new clients and increase the subsequent usage of the Lakehouse platform
Build and nurture C-level relationships at your clients
Orchestrate and utilise our field engineering teams to ensure valuable outcomes for your clients
Lead your customers and partners to identify impactful big data and AI use cases whilst proving their value on the Databricks Lakehouse platform.
Build exceptional value with all engagements to guide successful negotiations to close point.

 
What we look for:

Track record of achieving and over-achieving against quota
Experience selling complex software deals to new enterprise clients in the financial services sector in the Netherlands 
A passion for winning new clients (also known as the hunter mentality!)
Strong tenure in previous roles
Understanding of consumption-based, land and expand sales models advantageous
Evidence of creating demand and delivering substantial value for clients
Experience working with sales methodologies and process, e.g. account planning, MEDDPICC, Value Selling and accurate forecasting
Experience developing partnerships with champions and client teams to support execution of your territory plan
Experience developing a clear partner strategy and implement it to achieve success
Understanding of how to identify important uses cases and buying centres to increase the impact of Databricks for clients
Fluent Dutch and business English required

 
Benefits

Medical insurance reimbursement or collective healthcare scheme
Accident and income protection insurance
Pension Plan
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Equity awards
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus

 
LI-RemoteAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.