Global Travel Specialist
Remote - San Jose, Costa Rica
 
Databricks is looking for a motivated and enthusiastic Global Travel Specialist to join our fast-growing Travel  Expense team to take charge of our travel operations on a global scale! You will report to the Head of Travel  Expense and will work with other teams, such as Procurement, FPA, Physical Security and HR to deliver a best in class travel experience for all employees. The successful candidates responsibilities will include optimizing and growing our travel operations and footprint, supporting our end users with travel issues and escalations, solidifying and maintaining internal and external relationships with our partners, and will be critical in the program decision making when it comes to strategy, policy and processes.
 
The impact you will have:

You will contribute to strategy, day-to-day operations, and policies for business travel arrangements
You will Manage relationships with travel suppliers, including airlines, hotels, car rental agencies, and travel management companies, negotiating contracts and securing competitive rates.
You will oversee the travel booking process, ensuring efficient and cost-effective travel arrangements are made for employees and stakeholders across various destinations.
You will provide guidance and support to employees on travel-related matters, including visa requirements, travel insurance, and health and safety protocols.
You will monitor travel expenses and implement strategies to optimize travel costs while maintaining quality standards.
You will stay up-to-date with industry trends and changes in travel regulations, sharing relevant information with the team and implementing necessary adjustments to travel policies.
You will collaborate with cross-functional teams, such as HR, Finance, and Legal, to streamline travel processes and ensure alignment with company objectives.
You will support travel-related issues, such as flight disruptions, cross border policy, workflow approvals, cancellations, and emergencies, ensuring appropriate solutions are implemented promptly.
You will conduct regular audits and assessments to ensure compliance with travel policies and identify areas for improvement.
You will develop and maintain a monthly reporting package to provide visibility to senior management on spending behaviors across the Companys segments.
Serve as a Travel SME and a key escalation contact for internal stakeholders and preferred suppliers
Maintain TE training documentation for employees. Deliver training periodically to new employees and to broader audiences as required.

What we look for:

5 years experience in global business travel operations
Experience and understanding of travel booking standardsrequirementsrules in LATAM, EMEA and APAC
Working english proficiency
B.S or B.A. degree, or business related or equivalent work experience.
Demonstrated negotiation and vendor management skills, with the ability to secure competitive rates and build long-term relationships with suppliers
Experience with Egencia, Navan, Concur, Duty of Care, Visas, Workday, Coupa, G Suite, Asana and Excel skills (pivot tables, vlookups, etc).
A team player, excellent communicator, appetite for innovation and adept at building relationships across organizations.
Desire for accuracy, analytics, stellar customer service approach and strong attention to detail.

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
Great compensation package including equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

 
 
 
 
 About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.