CSQ424R43
Director - Spark, Technical Solutions  Support  Bangalore, India
Mission
The Director  Technical Solutions  Support, India is responsible for building and managing a regional team of technical experts focused on resolving highly complex and long-running support tickets raised by Databricks customers. The India Support Director will oversee all Support operations during Asia Pacific business hours and will be responsible for running a 24x7 team out of our Bangalore, India office.
Outcomes


Build and manage a 24x7 regional team of Technical Solution Engineers based out of Bangalore.


Provide coaching and mentorship to regional support managers.


Identify and implement process improvements to meet or exceed regional performance KPIs.


Establish training plans and subject matter expertise within the team.


Drive support escalations during Asia Pacific business hours and establish cross-functional collaboration to manage and resolve issues.


Be a player-coach and provide technical leadership to the regional support team.


Coordinate with Sales and field teams to address account-level concerns and drive adoption and usage of the Databricks platform.


Define quarterly goals and track them to completion to drive team growth and personal development.


Scale the organization by developing processes and guidelines that promote operational efficiency


Demonstrate a true sense of ownership and coordinate action items with engineering and escalation teams to achieve timely resolution of customer issues.


Participate in weekend on-call rotations for support escalations. 


Competencies


Should have been a managers manager for at least 2 years 


Should have been a managers manager for at least 2 years 


Min 15 year of experience in IT Industry - SaaS Support, building, testing, and maintaining


Experienced in leading a team of at least 50 employees


Hands-on experience developing and leading any two or more of the Big Data, Hadoop, Spark,Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Streaming, Kafka, Data Science, ElasticSearch related industry use cases at the production scale. Spark experience is mandatory.


Proven experience working with Big Data (Platform, Kafka, Hadoop), Cloud (AWS, Azure, GCP), or Data Science platforms in a technical capacity.


Demonstrated experience in a customer-facing role managing a large regional team of technical support engineers.


Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills.


Excellent customer facing, verbal and written communication skills


A team-oriented attitude and a high degree of comfort working in a startup environment.


BEB.TechMS in Computer Science or other equivalent technology required 

About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.