MKTQ424R36
The Databricks Lakehouse Platform unifies all your data, analytics, and AI on one platform. Data warehousing is one of the fastest growing workloads within the Databricks Lakehouse Platform. Databricks SQL is a serverless data warehouse on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform that lets you run all your SQL and BI applications at scale with up to 12x better priceperformance, a unified governance model, open formats and APIs, and your tools of choice  no lock-in.
Databricks has an exciting new product marketing role to lead Data Warehousing on the Lakehouse go-to-market including product launches, sales enablement, customer stories, core messaging, web strategy, marketing campaigns, and event content. You will report to the Senior Director of Product Marketing to develop the marketing strategy for how Databricks can uniquely empower data architects and data analysts to accelerate data warehousing solutions. Youll develop our go-to-market strategy for how Databricks will uniquely approach product marketing for data warehousing on the lakehouse. You will work closely with all teams within the Marketing organization, engineering and technical sales teams to promote adoption of Databricks and the data warehousing technologies that underpin the platform. If youre a builder passionate about data warehousing technologies, this role is made for you.
The impact you will have:

Develop our go-to-market strategy for how Databricks will uniquely approach product marketing for data warehousing on the lakehouse.
Build a strong and collaborative partnership with our technical sales team to build a sales enablement play and collateral to promote adoption of data warehousing solutions on the Lakehouse.
Build an always-on pipeline of customer evidence to showcase how Databricks SQL drives better business outcomes.
Build trust with enterprises and digital natives by publishing new, impactful data warehousing customer stories in the first year.
Create an always-on go-to-market plan, and pilot new programs with a strong focus on winning mindshare to increase awareness (e.g. registrations, downloads, views), demand ( pipeline) and product adoption (usage) of our platform.
Collaborate with our PMM team on the value proposition, messaging, and collateral for data warehousing on the lakehouse and land it across our global channels - including web, field, partners and events.
Build a strong and collaborative partnership with our engineering team to create a regular rhythm of landing product news and deliver high impact announcements across the portfolio.

What we look for:

7-8 years of experience in product marketing or solution marketing for an enterprise software or SaaS company.
Portfolio of impactful marketing content, sales enablement materials, customer evidence and a history of creating successful marketing programs.
Experience with cloud is a must and experience with data warehousing is preferred.
Experience in data engineering, data science or analytics is an advantage.
Experience presenting at conferencesseminars and customer engagements
Experience marketing technical products to technical buyers.
BS in Computer Science, Engineering, coupled with relevant professional experience.

Benefits

Medical, Dental, and Vision
401(k) Plan
FSA, HSA and Commuter Benefit Plans
Equity Awards
Flexible Time Off
Paid Parental Leave
Family Planning
Fitness Reimbursement
Annual Career Development Fund
Home OfficeWork Headphones Reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business Travel Accident Insurance
Mental Wellness Resources

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range165,400—292,700 USDZone 2 Pay Range148,900—263,400 USDZone 3 Pay Range140,600—248,800 USDZone 4 Pay Range132,300—234,200 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.