RDQ124R69
You will be the Product Manager for the Jobs and Workflows team in Amsterdam. This team builds APIs and UI which our customers use to operate ETL and Machine Learning pipelines. As the Product Manager, you will develop a deep understanding of modern cloud infrastructure, gather requirements from customers who refine petabytes of data every day and deliver features that reduce the total cost of ownership of data workflows.
This role requires coordinating all product activities from vision to implementation, including engaging customers to understand their needs, developing long-term product strategy, defining product roadmaps, working with engineering to build those products, and coordinating with various internal stakeholders (both pre- and post-launch) to ensure product success.
The impact you will have: 

Own the end-to-end product management process
Gather customer requirements, design features and collaborate with engineering to deliver a polished market-ready product
Drive integration with popular tools and services in the broader data orchestration ecosystem such as Airflow
Drive launches with product marketing through blog posts, release notes, webinars
Define and measure OKRs for your products
Drive the prioritization and development of features, measurably reducing the cost and time needed for operating ETL and machine learning workflows.

What we look for:

6 yrs of experience
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or similar field
Experience in Product Management (inbound, outbound, cross-functional processes)
Technical skills
Solid understanding of cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure)
Working knowledge of Apache Sparks execution model, query planning and execution and familiarity with Big Data technology
Strong data analysis and operationalization skills (SQL, rollups, building operational dashboards)

Benefits 

Health insurance reimbursement and collective healthcare scheme
Life, accident and disability coverage
Company pension with employer contribution
Paid parental leave
Annual vacation bonus
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.