RDQ421R46
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers, we leap at every opportunity to tackle technical challenges, from designing next-gen UIUX for interfacing with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. And were only getting started.
To allow our customers to unlock the full potential of the Lakehouse, we must equip them with the means to ensure they arent surprised by an over-budget invoice. You will help define the roadmap of features that allows budget owners to sleep soundly at night knowing they have the means of implementing controls on their Databricks deployment - especially serverless resources - and detecting anomalies quickly. This will help accelerate the adoption of Databricks within customer organizations, and move us towards our mission to democratize data, while avoiding unpleasant surprises from runaway queries or unintended mistakes.
The impact you will have:

You will establish a set of primitives to allow customers to automate the boring parts of governance through UI and command line interfaces
Use AI to detect spend anomalies quickly with a high level of signal to noise
Ensure that customers have the ability to implement cost controls at scale so that tens of thousands of users can benefit from Databricks tools without putting their team budget at risk
Keep pace with the industry-leading speed of the Databricks Lakehouse by offering customers industry-leading latency on budget alerts and anomaly detection

What we look for:

5 years of b2b product management experience
Experience with customer conversations, writing PRDs, determining success metrics, prioritizing features, guiding engineering and design work.
Experience with conveying ideas simply in written form.
Familiarity with consumption based cloud technologies, e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP
Data analysis skills (SQL or Python, in-product behavior analysis in Google Analytics, Heap or similar products)
Product Management experience with a passion for improving user experience
Work well across multiple teams in the company

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 2 Pay Range107,400—190,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.