FEQ224R107
We are looking for a Director, Field Engineering in Amsterdam to join our world-class hypergrowth organisation. In this role, you will lead first-line Managers and teams of pre-sales Solutions Architects focusing on complex accounts, helping to drive our Benelux expansion. Your experience in partnering with Sales organisations will help to grow consumption, whilst coaching new sales and pre-sales team members to work together and raise the bar to best in class. You will guide your team and be involved with opportunities to enhance your teams effectiveness. You must be an expert at communicating complex, business value-focused solutions; supporting complex sales cycles; and building relationships with key stakeholders in large corporations. You will report to the AVP, Field Engineering Northern Europe.
The impact you will have:

Hire and manage first line Managers and a  growing team of technical pre-sales Solutions Architects
Build a collaborative culture within a rapid-growth team. To embody and promote Databricks customer-obsessed, teamwork and diverse culture
Support increased return on investment of Solutions Architect involvement in sales cycles
Create trust-based relationships with customers for the long term and understand category-specific landscapes and trends, reporting on the forces that shift the strategic direction of accounts
Promote a solution and value-based selling field-engineering organisation
Display an understanding of business needs and revenue potential for accounts in the assigned region
Build Databricks brand in Benelux in partnership with the Marketing and Sales team

What we look for:

5 years of second-line leadership experience, manager of managers with teams of 20 individuals
Relevant high-growth enterprise software pre-sales success with senior-level tenure at a reputable software company, with experience of the EMEA region
Ability to elevate the engagement with a track record of driving large transactions and high growth customers 
Proven leadership ability to influence, develop, and empower your team to achieve objectives with a team approach 
Proven track record of transformational success and delivery of customer value
Track record of building strong ecosystems of lucrative customer relationships and cross-functional partnerships (Sales, Engineering, Marketing)
Experience in complex strategic accounts generating 1M ARR
Knowledgeable in and passionate about data-driven decisions, AI, and Cloud software models
Great at instituting processes for technical field members to improve efficiency
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or equivalent experience through work experience
Fluent Dutch  English speaking

Benefits

Health insurance reimbursement and collective healthcare scheme
Life, accident and disability coverage
Company pension
Paid parental leave
Annual vacation bonus
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.