FEQ424R285
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.
At Databricks, our core values are at the heart of everything we do; creating a culture of proactiveness and a customer-centric mindset guides us to create a unified platform that makes data science and analytics accessible to everyone. We aim to inspire our customers to make informed decisions that push their business forward. We provide a user-friendly and intuitive platform that makes it easy to turn insights into action and fosters a culture of creativity, experimentation, and continuous improvement. You will be an essential part of this mission, using your technical expertise to demonstrate how our Lakehouse Platform can help customers solve their complex data challenges. Youll work with a collaborative, customer-focused team that values innovation and creativity, using your skills to create customized solutions to help our customers achieve their goals and guide their businesses forward. Join us in our quest to change how people work with data and make a better world!  Reporting to the Senior Manager, Field Engineering.
The impact you will have:

Develop customer engagement strategies in partnership with Account Executive(s) in your designated territory.
Coach junior Solutions Architects and teams on use case prioritization and building technical champions.
You will influence stakeholders at all levels through complex engagements with the wider cloud ecosystem and 3rd party applications, ensuring they are excited by the Databricks vision and solution strategy.
Be a champion for both customers and colleagues, operating as an expert solution architect and trusted advisor for significant data analytics architecture, design, and adoption of the Databricks Lakehouse platform.
Contribute to Databricks technical community engagement by developing customer-facing collateral and leading workshops, seminars, and meet-ups.
Opportunity to continue your development in one of four tracks - technical specialization, industry vertical thought leadership, strategic customer vision, and people management.

What we look for:

We are currently focussing on our Healthcare, Life Sciences, Genomics, or Pharmaceutical vertical sector and would very much welcome such experience.
Know how to engage in complex customer interactions and sales lifecycle in a technical pre-sales capacity.
Ability to influence influential decision-makers and C-level executives through developing relationships and orchestrating teams to achieve long-term success for customers.
Prior experience with coding in a core programming language (i.e., Python, Java, Scala) and willingness to learn a base level of Spark.
Hands-on expertise with complex proofs-of-concept and public cloud platform(s).
Know how to provide technical solutions for specialized customer needs and navigate a competitive landscape.
Nice to have: Databricks Certification

 
Benefits

Private medical insurance
Private dental insurance
Health Cash Plan
Life, income protection  critical illness insurance
Pension PlanEquity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.