P-931 
 
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. 
As PySpark continues to gain traction within the open source Spark project and the Databricks Lakehouse platform, were seeking a dedicated Engineering Team Lead to spearhead PySpark development initiatives, encompassing both open source and Databricks-specific components. Your primary mission will be to solidify Apache Sparks position as the go-to data processing framework within the Python community, while also using your expertise in Generative AI to make Spark more user-friendly and approachable, significantly expanding its user base. By providing innovative, industry-leading Generative AI-based user experiences for working with data, you will help Apache Spark gain DataAI thought leadership in the open-source community.
The key responsibilities include:

Leading a talented engineering team in PySpark development and promoting the adoption of Spark and the Databricks Lakehouse platform among Python users 
Overseeing sustained recruitment of top-tier talent, fostering a well-organized and synergistic team structure, and collaborating effectively with internal and external stakeholders
Implementing robust processes to efficiently execute product vision, strategy, and roadmap in alignment with organizational goals and priorities
Driving the integration of Generative AI into Spark to expand user base and improve user experience. 

By taking on this pivotal role, you will play an instrumental part in driving the success of Spark and the Databricks Lakehouse platform while nurturing a thriving Python user base.
The impact you will have:

Lead product development for one of the fastest growing libraries in the open source Spark project, as well as the Databricks Lakehouse platform 
Make company wide impact by driving Python adoption across the Databricks product portfolio
Develop and deepen understanding and expertise in PySpark and PyData ecosystem, a well adopted yet still hyper-growing product
Define, shape, and drive the future of Spark and Databricks Lakehouse platform for Python users, aided by the power of Generative AI
Grow a world class team of software engineers working on our compute fabric; increase headcount by 5 engineers in next 18 months, with continued growth beyond that according to product objectives. Hire top-notch staff level talent
Ensure consistent delivery against milestones and strong alignment with the field working two-in-a-box with product leadership
Evolve organizational structure to align with long term initiatives, build strong 5 ingredient teams with good comms architecture
Manage technical debt, including long term technical architecture decisions and balance product roadmap

What we look for:

5 years experience working in a related system, including ecosystem, Apache Spark and database internal
Practical experience applying LLMgenerative AI models
A passion for database systems, storage systems, distributed systems, language design, or performance optimization
Can ensure the team builds high quality and reliable infrastructure services. Experience being responsible for testing, quality, and SLAs of a product. Previous experience building and leading teams in a complex technical domain, such as on distributed data systems or database internals
Ability to attract, hire, and coach engineers who meet the Databricks hiring standards. Can up level existing team via hiring top-notch senior talent, growing leaders and helping struggling members. Can gain trust of team and guide their careers. Experience managing distributed teams preferred
Comfort working cross functionality with product management and directly with customers; ability to deeply understand product and customer personas

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range192,000—260,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.