CSQ424R78
 
As a manager on the Technical Curriculum Development team, you will lead a talented team of curriculum developers and contractors responsible for scoping, developing, and maintaining customer, partner, and internal-facing enablement content. You will be responsible for defining curriculum development best practices as the team grows and making strategic decisions to improve current operations. 
In this role, you will report to the Sr. Manager, Technical Curriculum Development and regularly engage with other members of the Curriculum Development Organization on topics like instructional design, scaling team resources, and streamlining efficient development of curriculum projects. 
The ideal candidate is one who has managed technical curriculum development teams in the start-up and big data space and has a strong track record of scaling and maintaining world-class curriculum content. 
The impact you will have:

Direct curriculum developers in designing, developing and maintaining technical content (self-paced and instructor-led courses, workshops, tutorials, videos, and more)
Direct curriculum developers in executing strategy that aligns with your team vision, departmental OKRs, and Databricks key programsstakeholders
Scale team efforts to automate and improve curriculum development processes 
Engage with senior members of the curriculum team to identify curriculum development strategy and roadmap

What we look for:

5 years of curriculum development managerial or related experience leading an team of 10
Demonstrated track record in driving buy-in and program adoption among cross-functional teams
Demonstrated history of hiring and retaining high-caliber employees, and growing positive team morale 
Leading, developing, and scaling curriculum development team efforts in a rapidly changing and evolving environment
Experience designing and developing instructional materials for technical content

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.