RDQ224R413
Mission
At Databricks, our mission as designers is to make working with data simpler and more accessible so that more people can help solve the worlds toughest problems. Product Designers at Databricks balance the creativity of a craftsperson with the analytical curiosity of a data scientist. We believe in the traditional and timeless value of great graphic design - while at the same time, we have a restless desire to get to the truth and make the best decisions possible using data. We design simple and collaborative products that have the power to delight a discriminating and technical developer audience. 
The impact you will have:
 Contribute to the product design for developer-facing authoring tools across the Databricks platform
 Build an understanding of the Databricks developer audience and the jobs they wish to accomplish 
 Design simple and intuitive experiences that support the inner and outer dev loop  Ability to design a developer experience that spans the authoring lifecycle from exploratory to production code 
 Balance design investments in higher level workflows, while at the same time owning the craft and execution of the smallest keyboard affordances and micro interactions
 Bring teams together and build alignment for your ideas using a combination of excellent prototyping skills
 Gain an understanding of Databricks business objectives, users, market opportunities, and competition. Become well-versed on the Databricks product and its personas (Data scientists, data engineers, data analysts and administrators)
 Deliver designs for Databricks product and contribute to the direction of the product
 Able to work with Engineering,  Product Management and other key leadership to lead important initiatives through from ideation to completion
 Actively seek and provide design feedback and collaboratively improve the design process
What we look for:
 5 years of product design work experience
 Prior experience designing data science notebooks, IDEs or related forms of developer-facing authoring tools  You have knowledge of software development practices and have demonstrated experience creating well-crafted tools for developers 
 You have a unique combination of technical knowledge and visual design skills which allows you to design powerful and intuitive developer tooling
 You have masterful prototyping skills - and are comfortable using motion design to communicate complex interaction design 
 A system thinker who has the vision to design the big picture, and the tactical ability to break it down so that engineering can succeed in building it incrementally
 Experience coding Python, R, SQL or other languages that could be most relevant to the field of data science
 A portfolio showcasing the end-to-end design process, from inception to production
 Experience designing products in the Big Data space
 A bachelors or masters degree or equivalent, ideally with specialization in HCI, Interaction Design, graphic design, computer science, or related disciplines
Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range109,700—194,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.