P-965
At Databricks, we are obsessed with enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems, from security threat detection to cancer drug development. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform, so our customers can focus on the high value challenges that are central to their own missions.
Our mission at Databricks is to radically simplify the whole data lifecycle from ingestion to ETL, BI, and all the way up to MLAI with a unified platform. To achieve this goal, we believe the data warehouse architecture as we know it today will be replaced by a new architectural pattern, Lakehouse (CIDR 2021 paper), open platforms that unify data warehousing and advanced analytics. The new architecture will help address several major challenges, including data staleness, reliability, total cost of ownership, data lock-in, and limited use-case support.
As part of this team, you could be working in one or more of the following areas:

Query compilation and optimization
Distributed query execution and scheduling
Vectorized execution engine
Data security
Resource management
Transaction coordination
Efficient storage structures (encodings, indexes)
Automatic physical data optimization
Data plane storage
Storage management system

What we look for:

You will graduate in Fall 2023 or Spring 2024 with a degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related subject
You have implementation skills with a general purpose program language, such as Java, or C
You have knowledge of algorithms, data structures, and OOP principles
A passion for database systems, storage systems, distributed systems, language design, or performance optimization
You have experience managing end-to-end projects

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance

We are hiring Software Engineer - New Grads, Distributed Data Systems across multiple offices. Please apply for the single location that youre the most interested in, and we will discuss more with you as you move through the process. We can only consider one application in 30 days. 
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range140,000—150,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.