Req ID: GAQ424R9
While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.
As Databricks continues to expand globally, immigration and mobility are becoming an increasing part of the business. The Sr. Immigration Specialist will report to the Sr. Global Mobility Manager and will be an important member of the People Operations team. Your focus will be on immigration compliance for our US foreign national population.
The impact you will have: 

You will be one of the primary contacts for inquiries from managers, employees, and the recruiting team related to US immigration
You will be responsible for the full immigration case cycle  initiation through issuance of green card, including collaborating with external immigration counsel to prepare and file cases and maintain compliance files.
You will oversee daily administration of U.S. immigration-related tasks
You will monitor progress for U.S. immigration cases together with external immigration counsel, identify long-term sponsorship issues, and communicate risks to business management and People Partners.
You may at times support non-US immigration including initiating new hire cases with vendors and facilitating extensions as needed.

What we look for:

Deep knowledge of US employment-based immigration including experience managing end to end processes for H-1B, E-3, O-1, L-1AB visa and green card processes
5 years of direct immigration experience with a preference for experience both at a law firm and in-house with a technology company
Ability to explain technical and legal processes in a way that non-immigration professionals can easily understand.
Ability to compliantly work with confidential employee information
Bachelors degree required, Masters degree preferred

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range94,100—166,500 USDZone 2 Pay Range84,700—149,900 USDZone 3 Pay Range80,000—141,500 USDZone 4 Pay Range75,300—133,200 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.