REQ ID: GAQ424R12
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other West Coast US locations.
This is your chance to make a huge impact within our Engineering team! You will partner with leaders across the Engineering organization as a strategic partner, consultant, and co-owner of talent strategy and people programs for the team. Youll be a trusted advisor and partner on team planning, performance management, career development, leadership coaching, organizational design, employee relations, and compensation to support a scalable and progressive organization. Under the guidance of and through partnership with a People Partner Sr. Manager, you will be an ambassador for our overall principles, values, programs and policies, driving a global, diverse, performance-based work environment.
The impact you will have: 

Manage core people programs for the Engineering team (including talent  performance management, compensation, development programs, and change management)
Enable thoughtful learning programs and trainings to improve organizational health
Use data and insights to build and align a talent strategy to guide our business goals
Promote communication between the business and our central People Operations teams; promote strategic people priorities back to the central teams to ensure centralized programs and policies are built to support the business
Provide support and consultation across the People team
Partner with our Employee Relations team to manage issues such as investigations, employee concerns, and performance management

What we look for:

5 years of HR experience, with a focus on strategic partnership with managers up through the Senior DirectorVice President levels
In-depth knowledge of Human Resources practices and legal requirements
Proficiency in interpreting and communicating procedures, policies, information, ideas, and instructions
Ability to use data to support and influence decisions, express the business needs and explain program ideas to the management team

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range125,000—221,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.