SLSQ424R457
Databricks Enterprise Sales team is looking for an Enterprise Account Executive to join us in Sydney. You will have a strong command of the SaaS sales process. You know how to present innovation and change through customer vision expansion and can guide opportunities forward to compress decision cycles. You love understanding a product in-depth and are passionate about communicating its value to customers and partners and importantly the business value that technology can unlock. Always prospecting for new opportunities, you will engage new accounts whilst continuing to increase value within existing accounts.
The impact you will have:

Assess your accounts and develop a strategy to identify and engage
Use a solution approach and create value for customers
Identify the most valuable use cases in each account to maximize Databricks impact
Orchestrate and work with teams to maximize the impact on your ecosystem
Build value with all engagements to promote successful negotiations to close
Promote Databricks enterprise cloud data platform powered by Apache Spark
Be Customer-focused by delivering technical and business results using the Databricks Platform

 
What we look for:

You have previously worked in an early-stage company and you know how to navigate and be successful in a fast-growing organization
Sales experience within Big Data, Cloud, or SaaS
Experience working with C-Level executives
Simply articulate intricate cloud technologies and big data
Success breaking into new accounts whilst growing existing accounts
Experience exceeding sales targets
Bachelors Degree and 7 years of experience selling SaaS solutions is essential

Benefits

Private hospital plan and extras cover
Life, disability and income protection coverage
Superannuation
Equity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.