CSQ124R85
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, candidates in North East of the US will also be considered
At Databricks we are on a mission to empower our customers to solve the worlds toughest data problems by utilizing the Lakehouse platform. As a Delivery Solutions Architect (DSA), you will play an important role during this journey. You will collaborate with our sales and field engineering teams to accelerate the adoption and growth of the Databricks platform in your accounts. As a DSA, you will help ensure customer success by increasing focus and technical accountability to our most complex customers who need guidance to accelerate usage on Databricks workloads that they have already selected.
This is a hybrid technical and commercial role. It is commercial in the sense that you will own and drive growth in your assigned customers and use cases through leading your customers stakeholders, owning executive relationships and creating and driving plans and strategies for Databricks colleagues to build upon. This is in parallel to being technical, with expectations being that you become the post-sale technical lead across all Databricks products. This requires you to use your skills and technical credibility to engage and communicate at all levels with an organization. You will report directly into a DSA manager as part of Healthcare and Life sciences organization.
 
The impact you will have:

You will engage with the Solutions Architect to understand the full Use Case Demand Plan for prioritised customers.
Lead the Post-Technical Win technical account strategy and investment plan for the majority of Databricks Use Cases within our most strategic accounts.
Be the accountable technical leader assigned to specific Use Cases and customer(s) across multiple selling teams and internal stakeholders, creating certainty from uncertainty and driving onboarding, enablement, success, go-live and healthy consumption of the workloads where the customer has made the decision to consume Databricks. 
You will be the first contact for any technical issues or questions related to productiongo live status of agreed upon Use Cases within an account, oftentimes services multiple use cases within the largest and most complex organizations. 
Leverage both Shared Services of User Education, OnboardingTechnical Services and Support resources, along with escalating to Level 400500 technical experts to build the right tasks that are beyond your scope of activities or expertise. 
Create, own and execute a point-of-view as to how key use cases can be accelerated into production, bringing EMPM in to prepare Professional Services proposals.
Navigate Databricks Product and Engineering teams for New Product Innovations, Private Previews and Upgrade needs. 
Develop mutual success plan that covers all activities of all customer-facing technical roles and teams to cover the below work streams:

Main use cases moving from win to production
Enablement  user growth plan
Product adoption (strategy and activities to increase adoption of Databricks Lakehouse vision)
Organic needs for current investment Eg. Cloud Cost control, Tuning  Optimization
Executive and operational governance


Provide internal and external updates - KPI reporting on the status of usage and customer health, covering investment status, important risks, product adoption and use case progression - to your Technical GM.

What we look for:

7 years of experience where you have been accountable for technical project  program delivery within the domain of Data and AI and where you can contribute to technical debate and design choices with our customers.
Programming experience in Python, SQL or Scala 
Experience in a customer-facing pre-sales, technical architecture, customer success, or consulting role
Understanding of solution architecture related distributed data systems
A understanding of how to attribute business value and outcomes to specific project deliverables
Technical program, or project management including account, stakeholder and resource management accountability
Experience resolving complex and important escalation with senior customer executives
Experience conducting open-ended discovery workshops,  creating strategic roadmaps, conducting business analysis and managing delivery of complex programmesprojects
Track record of overachievement against quota, Goals or similar objective targets

Benefits:

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance

LI-REMOTE LI-Hybrid
 
About Databricks
Databricks is the lakehouse company. More than 7,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, HM and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range111,760—197,840 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.