 
P-961
Our mission at Databricks is to radically simplify the whole data lifecycle from ingestion to ETL, BI, and all the way up to MLAI with a unified platform. To achieve this goal, we believe the data warehouse architecture as we know it today will be replaced by a new architectural pattern, Lakehouse (CIDR 2021 paper), open platforms that unify data warehousing and advanced analytics. This new architecture will help address several major challenges, including data staleness, reliability, total cost of ownership, data lock-in, and limited use-case support.
To achieve this vision, Databricks is building the next generation (decoupled) query engine and structured storage system that can outperform specialized data warehouses in relational query performance. Yet we will retain the expressiveness and robustness of general purpose systems such as Spark to support diverse workloads ranging from ETL to data science. You will be part of this multi-year journey.
As part of this team, you will design these next-generation systems that leapfrog state-of-the-art within the following areas:

Query compilation and optimization
Distributed query execution and scheduling
Vectorized execution engine
Data security
Resource management
Transaction coordination
Efficient storage structures (encodings, indexes)
Automatic physical data optimization

The responsibilities you will have:

Drive requirements clarity and design decisions for ambiguous problems
Produce technical design documents and project plans
Develop new features
Mentor more junior engineers
Test and rollout to production, monitoring.

What we look for:

A passion for database systems, storage systems, distributed systems, language design, or performance optimization
Are comfortable working towards a multi-year vision with incremental deliverables
Be customer-oriented and focused on having an impact
7 years of experience working in a related system
Optional: PhD in databases or distributed systems

Benefits

Employer contributions to public or private health plan
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
Paid Parental Leave
Mental wellness resources
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.