P-118
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers — and customer obsessed — we leap at every opportunity to tackle technical challenges, from designing next-gen UIUX for interfacing with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. And were only getting started.
As a Senior Frontend Engineer, you will work with your team and product management to make insights from data simple. We are looking for engineers that are customer obsessed, who can take on the full scope of the product and user experience beyond the technical implementation. Youll set the foundation for how we build robust, scalable and delightful products.
Below are some example experiences youll create for our customers to achieve the full project lifecycle from loading data, visualizing results, creating statistical models, and deploying as production artifacts.

Simple workflows to create, configure, and manage large-scale compute clusters, networks and data sources.
Create, deploy, test, and upgrade complex data pipelines with powerful features to visualize data graphs.
Seamless onboarding and management for all members of an organization to become data-driven.
Provide a great SQL-centric data exploration and dashboarding experience on Databricks
An interactive environment for collaborative data projects at massive scale with an easy path to production.

What we look for:

5 years of experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Experience leading large multi-quarter efforts with a demonstrated customer or business impact
Passion for user experience and design and an understanding of front-end architecture
Comfortable working towards a multi-year vision with incremental deliverables
Motivated by delivering customer value
Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks (e.g., React, Angular, or VueJsEmber)
Familiarity with server-side web technologies is a plus
Knowledge of (and a passion for) current trends and best practices in front-end architecture, including performance, accessibility, security and usability
Experience building large-scale products

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources

 
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range166,000—225,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.