SLSQ424R402
The Central Sales Strategy  Operations team works with cross-functional leadership across Databricks GTM org. Our team is focused on driving operational scale by building out models, programs, and tools and providing data-driven insights to GTM leaders in an extremely high-growth environment. 
Were looking for a Sr Analyst to join our Sales Strategy team to support our central GTM initiatives. One of your core responsibilities will be to develop critical business insights for our planning process, including target and scenario modeling to determine GTM design across the global Sales org. This role will also provide vital sales metrics, in-depth business analytics, and recommendations to GTM leadership. 
The ideal candidate is a self-starter with endless curiosity and can work cross-functionally to tackle complex problems end-to-end. We are looking for someone who is solution oriented and thrives in diving deep into ambiguous data sets to derive recommendations to drive business decisions. 
The impact you will have:

Build scalable models and tools (dashboards, scorecards, data packs) for GTM leadership and annual planning. 
Partner cross-functionally to develop targets and success metrics and design the cadence for inspection, performance tracking and leadership review. 
Complete data analysis with large datasets to gather insights and guide investment and growth.
Drive programs andor projects focused on alignment building across GTM teams.
Work cross-functionally and globally with internal stakeholders to resolve issues, understand business and data challenges, identify optimization opportunities, and respond to escalation and exception requests.

What we look for:

You are technical and fluent in data. Whether its analyzing data sets with tools like Tableau or SQL queries, or creating complex models, data is a core part of your toolkit. You are proficient in Salesforce reporting and business processes.
You love building processes at scale and are familiar with automation. You enjoy designing and executing scalable processes that serve the needs of the organization and its participants.
You excel in a collaborative environment and have a high degree of honesty, integrity and sound judgment. You translate team member needs into clear tasks and deliverables for contributors. You work through dependencies, bottlenecks, and tradeoffs with ease.
You have excellent spoken and written communication  presentation skills.
You have 4 years experience in an Operations or Strategy role at a top-tier technology company. You have seen what it takes to support a high-growth top-tier organization.

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range85,900—152,000 USDZone 2 Pay Range77,300—136,800 USDZone 3 Pay Range73,000—129,200 USDZone 4 Pay Range68,800—121,600 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.