SLSQ424R409
Databricks is looking for an experienced Outbound Sales Development Manager. Reporting into the Director of Sales Development, you will be an important contributor to our sales leadership team, leading recruiting, pipeline generation strategy and constructive coaching for our BDRs. You will have experience driving pipeline generation, leading sales development teams and working cross-functionally with sales and marketing teams. 
The impact you will have:

Manage, develop, and hire a team of Outbound Sales Development Representatives (BDRs)
Coach early stage sales professionals
Work with Sales, Demand Gen, and Marketing leadership to ensure the success of campaigns, while providing constructive input to develop new campaigns.
Develop relationships with Sales segments to ensure positive working relationships and maximize the effectiveness of sales development.
Help create a place where people love coming to work by maintaining a high level of enthusiasm.

What we look for:

Ability to work from the Denver office multiple days per week on a hybrid schedule.
2 years of experience as an Outbound SDR manager in SaaS.
2 years of experience in sales.
Experience managing outbound pipeline generation motions.
A passion for coaching and developing talent.
Highly data-driven: constant optimization of activities and outputs.
Expertise with Salesforce and Outreach
Excellent at stakeholder management

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mental wellness resources

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 3 Pay Range116,000—205,300 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.