RDQ224R249
While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.
Databricks is looking for a top tier Sr. Data Scientist  Data Analyst excited about driving Growth for the business levering insight across Product, Go-To-Market, and Digital Marketing. 
Youll focus on driving efficient Growth by:

Designing, running, and analyzing pilots (AB tests, synthetic control, ..) to  inform the  best path forward for the business using statistically significant results. 
Running end-to-end analysis to understand certain parts of the business (e.g., step by step conversion rate on certain part of our product portfolio to inform product prioritization)
Designing and maintaining core business KPIs - and developing executive dashboards tracking progress against company priorities

This role will report directly to the Growth leader.  Successful candidates for the role will leverage their inclination for statistical analysis, business analysis, and business acumen to analyze our business and drive Growth forward.  We are a team that is at the center and engages across business functions to ultimately drive growth and bring the next generation of Databricks customers. If you want to be part of a super x-functional and high performance team, look no further.
The impact you will have: 

Improve the efficiency of our go-to-market by designing pilots, ensuring that these pilots are properly running, using statistical methods to measure impact, and suggest recommendations
Help design a frictionless product by measuring, reporting, and understanding customer behaviors - to guide the Product team on areas to prioritize.
Understand business priorities, design KPIs in line with these priorities, maintain these KPIs, and build  maintain user-friendly dashboards to report on them.
Partner with cross-functional teams to consult, develop, and implement data-driven analysis and reporting. 
Enable effective decision making by retrieving and aggregating data from multiple sources and compiling it into a digestible and actionable format.
Organize the measurement of key results for annual objectives. Communicate status on objective progress to Executive Leadership and department stakeholders.
Be self-driven, and show ability to deliver on ambiguous projects with incomplete data.

What we look for:

7 years of experience in statistical analysis  data science
Proficient in data analysis,  visualization, and insights generation using large amount of data 
Familiarity with concepts like product adoption, churn, cohorts, segmentation, funnel analysis, etc.
Experience using SQL and Microsoft Excel
Experience with data visualization solutions, such as, Redash, Tableau, Salesforce, PowerBI, andor Data Studio. 
Comfortable communicating with Databricks executives and department leadership. Capable of distilling complex analysis and modeling efforts into clear messaging. 
Experience in the enterprise software industry, SaaS and B2B preferred.

Benefits:

Private Medical Insurance
Private Life Insurance
Equity Awards
Paid Parental Leave
Fitness Reimbursement
Annual Career Development Fund
Home OfficeWork Headphones Reimbursement
Business Travel Accident Insurance
Mental Wellness Resources
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.