Req ID: GAQ424R64
Databricks is looking for an experienced commercial attorney to join Databricks growing go-to-market legal team. As Sr. Commercial Counsel you will be an influential member of the team of attorneys responsible for reviewing and negotiating customer and business channel agreements, providing legal support for revenue-generating activities of Databricks. You will report to the Director  Associate General Counsel. You have 7 years of relevant legal experience, focused on commercial transactions in the Americas with a focus on complex technology transactions, and with at least three years in-house (preferably at a high-growth technology company). You have meaningful experience negotiating SaaS transactions and with issues related to privacy, data security, and intellectual property, including open source software.
The impact you will have:

Become an important member of the GTM legal team thats charged with reviewing and negotiating all customer agreements, safeguarding us while facilitating our rapid revenue growth
Cultivate relationships while providing strategic advice on our go-to-market efforts
Help maintain our GTM legal agreements, ensuring that all terms and policies are excellent documents that allow both rapid revenue growth and long-term stability of the Company
Understand Databricks product offerings, technology, securitydata protection systems and policies, and standard commercial and other contracts, to provide a foundation for providing legal support throughout Databricks
Work with Finance, Security, Product  Privacy to communicate and enforce applicable policies as they relate to the global contracting processes
Handle major engagements and negotiations, balancing expansive revenue growth with long-term risk
Be a dotted line manager to junior GTM legal team members, mentoring, and being a point of escalation

What we look for:

Minimum 7 years experience including at least 3 years in-house in a relevant role
Experience with cloud and software industries, including SaaS model, and a desire to work on legal issues in these areas
Substantial experience negotiating complex transactions involving security, privacy and IP issues
You have dealt with legal complexity while balancing legal risks
Experience with HLS, FINS andor Public Sector commercial agreements
Excellent working knowledge of commercial contract negotiation practices, especially in the SaaS industry, and applicable accounting rules including those relating to revenue recognition
Active state bar membership
Knowledge of intellectual property, data privacy and contract law
You have managed time, and client expectations, in the face of competing demands
Experience mentoring and guiding junior legal team members

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 2 Pay Range149,200—264,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.