P-931
 
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business.
As our customers rapidly adopt LLMs and Generative AI for their business, were building the next-generation AI platform to accelerate their development. Were seeking a dedicated engineering team lead to drive building our next-generation AI compute platform thats optimized for LLMs and distributed training.
 
Key responsibilities include:

Leading a talented engineering team to build services and runtime to scale customers AI workloads.
Drive strategic vision for the team and product. Simplify the product experience for creating AI models and workflows. Drive adoption of key ML capabilities.
Develop engineering leaders and support engineers in their career development.
Grow the team by hiring strong engineering talent.
Implement robust processes to efficiently execute product vision, strategy, and roadmap in alignment with organizational goals and priorities.

 
What we look for:

5 years experience working in cloud infrastructure and platform services.
Experience building, growing and managing high performance teams.
Effective in working cross-functionality with product management, and directly with customers; ability to deeply understand customer needs.
Experience defining and meeting SLOs for highly available systems
Ability to attract and hire engineers who meet the Databricks hiring standards.
Experience building AIML infrastructure (highly preferred)
BS in Computer Science or related field (Masters or PhD Preferred)

 
More about Databricks ML: https:www.databricks.comproductmachine-learning
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range192,000—260,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.