SLSQ424R400
Databricks operates at the leading edge of the Unified Data Analytics and AI space. Our customers turn to us to lead the accelerated innovation that their businesses need to gain first mover advantage in todays ultra competitive landscape.
As we continue our rapid expansion across Central Europe, we are looking for a creative, execution oriented Strategic Account Executive to join the team in Germany to maximise the phenomenal market opportunity that exists for Databricks. Reporting to our Senior Director of Enterprise Sales, as a Strategic Account Executive at Databricks you will manage one of our largest clients in Germany. You will come with an informed point of view on Big Data, Advanced Analytics and AI which will help to guide your successful execution strategy and allow you to provide genuine value to this strategic client.
 
The impact you will have:

Assess your key account and develop a strategy to meet and exceed revenue and consumption goals
Implement the above strategy to meet and exceed revenue and consumption targets
Build positive relationships with key decision makers (up to and including C-level) and establish yourself as a trusted advisor for Data  AI-related subjects
Identify new business opportunities and develop the expand  consumption use cases within your key account
Orchestrate and utilise internal teams to maximise the impact on your ecosystem
Showcase exceptional value with all engagements to guide successful negotiations to close point

 
What we look for:

Successful track record of meeting and exceeding sales quotas and KPIs
Experience selling to large enterprise-class healthcarelife-sciences clients in Germany
Proven experience selling complex software deals
Understanding of consumption-based land and expand sales models
Evidence of creating demand that delivered substantial business value
Experience of following robust sales methodologies and process, e.g. account planning, MEDDPICC, Value Selling, Command of the Message and accurate forecasting
Experience of building effective champions and collaborative teams to support execution of your territory plan
Experience of developing a clear partner strategy and managing it to success
Understanding of how to identify important uses cases and buying centres in order to increase the impact of Databricks within an organisation
Fluent English and German language skills essential

 
Benefits 

Private medical insurance
Life, accident and disability coverage
Pension Plan
Vision Reimbursement
Equity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
Mental wellness resources

 
LI-RemoteAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.