CSQ324R132
At Databricks we are on a mission to empower our customers to solve the worlds toughest data problems by leveraging the Lakehouse platform. As a Delivery Solutions Architect (DSA), you will play a critical role during this journey. You will collaborate with our sales and field engineering teams to accelerate the adoption and growth of the Databricks platform in your accounts. As a DSA, you will help ensure customer success by driving focus and technical accountability to our most complex customers who need guidance to accelerate consumption on Databricks workloads that they have already selected.
This is a hybrid technical and commercial role. It is commercial in the sense that you will be required to own and drive growth in your assigned customers and use cases through leading your customers stakeholders, owning executive relationships and creating and driving plans and strategies for Databricks colleagues to execute upon. This is in parallel to being technical, with expectations being that you become at least Level 200 across all Databricks productsworkloads and that you become the Use Case-specific technical lead post Technical Win. This requires you to use relationship management skills and technical credibility to effectively engage and communicate at all levels with an organisation. You will report to the DIrector, Field Engineering (Technical GM, ANZ).
 
The impact you will have:

Engage with the Solutions Architect to understand the full Use Case Demand Plan for prioritised customers.
Own the Post-Technical Win technical account strategy and investment plan for the majority of Databricks Use Cases within our most strategic accounts.
Be the accountable technical leader assigned to specific Use Cases and customer(s) across multiple selling teams and internal stakeholders, creating certainty from uncertaintyambiguity and driving onboarding, enablement, success, go-live and healthy consumption of the workloads where the customer has made the decision to consume Databricks.
Be the first point of contact for any technical issues or questions related to productiongo live status of agreed upon Use Cases within an account, oftentimes services multiple use cases within the largest and most complex organisations.
Leverage both Shared Services of User Education, OnboardingTechnical Services and Support resources, along with escalating to Level 400500 technical experts (Specialist Solution Architects and Product Specialists) to execute on the right tasks that are beyond your scope of activities or expertise.
Create, own and execute a PoV as to how key use cases can be accelerated into production, bringing EMPM in to prepare Professional Services proposals.
Navigate Databricks Product and Engineering teams for New Product Innovations, Private Previews and Upgrade needs (DBR, E2 and Unity Catalog).
Build and maintain mutual success plan that covers all activities of Customer, PS, Partner, SSA, Product Specialist, SA to cover the below workstreams:
Key use cases moving from win to production
Enablement  user growth plan
Product adoption (strategy and activities to increase adoption of LH vision)
Organic needs for current investment Eg. Cloud Cost control, Tuning  Optimisation
Executive and operational governance
Proactively provide internal and external updates - KPI reporting on the status of consumption and customer health, covering investment status, key risks, product adoption and use case progression - to your Technical GM.

What we look for:

5 years in a customer-facing pre-sales, technical architecture, customer success, or consulting role
Experience understanding architecture related distributed data systems, specifically within one of the following:
Data Engineering technologies (e.g. Spark, Hadoop, Kafka)
Data Warehousing (e.g. SQL, OLTPOLAPDSS)
Data Science and Machine Learning technologies (e.g. pandas, scikit-learn, HPO)
Comfortable managing multiple projects at once, and engaging a virtual team of subject matter experts to address any onboarding or technical challenges outside of your remit or bandwidth.
Influencing and leading teams - especially without having direct reporting line responsibility for individuals within account and leadership teams, both internally and externally
Stakeholder management - experience in effectively engaging and influencing a variety of audiences (technical, non technical) at all levels of an organization (CxO to developer)
Executive escalation management - experience in resolving complex and critical escalation with senior customer and Databricks executives
Strategic Management Consulting - experience of conducting open-ended discovery workshops, creating strategic roadmaps, conducting business analysis and managing delivery of complex programmesprojects
Building and steering to a value case - business value consulting and realisation
Quota ownership, achievement and track record of great performance against objective target

Benefits

Private hospital plan and extras coverage
Life, disability and income protection coverage
Superannuation
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.