The Product Marketing Director of Marketplace will report to our VP of Marketing, Joel Minnick, and will grow the Marketplace business, scale our data provider programs, and lead co-marketing strategy and execution. This roles mandate will encompass driving joint messaging and message consistency, demand generation programs, data provider marketing enablement, and data provider marketing programs at scale.
The Databricks Marketplace is a core pillar of our strategy to help our customers discover success with the Databricks platform. Discovering and accessing new data, AI models, and applications is fundamental to our customers ability to solve their toughest challenges. And, as they and existing data providers develop solutions, empowering others with data products fuels the cycle of innovation. This role will have the unique opportunity to develop a new global channel for Databricks, growing both customers and providers.
The impact you will have:

Channel Building  Leadership: You will develop a cross-functional marketing strategy to grow an open marketplace of data, AI models, and data applications. You will set the metrics for success and ensure accountability through business impacting OKRs.
Drive Focus and Balance: Under your leadership, Marketplace go-to-market efforts will focus on generating awareness and driving demand with both data consumers and data providers. Additionally, you will explore new programs for encouraging long-term consumption of data products and the continuous improvement of customer and seller experiences.
Emerging Partners: You will represent marketing in strategic discussions related to the evolution of the Databricks Marketplace. This includes expansion into new data products, go-to-market, product development, and seller programs.

What we look for:

7 years of experience in product marketing andor channel marketing at an innovative tech company with a successful cloud-based marketplace.
You have experience operating as a senior, cross-functional leader at a global level in a role that requires driving strategy, execution, and operations at a scale.
A broad range of marketing skills including the ability to drive message consistency; deliver high-quality content; create scalable customer and partner marketing programs and processes; develop joint go-to-market plans; assist demand generation; and build strong relationships with key partners.
Excellent communicator at all levels
Strategic and growth mindset
Experience bootstrapping new business areas
Experience managing senior stakeholder relationships across a broad range of functions

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range200,300—354,300 USDZone 2 Pay Range180,300—318,900 USDZone 3 Pay Range170,300—301,200 USDZone 4 Pay Range160,200—283,400 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.