RDQ124R79
In order to comply with U.S. Government information security and federal contractor regulations, including Department of Defense Cloud Computing Security Requirements for Impact Level 6 Cloud Service Provider personnel, and facilitate compliance with other regulations such as FedRAMP High baseline, and requirements of certain federal contracts, this role is open to United States citizens on United States Soil only.
The Product Security organization enables customers to trust their most sensitive data and workloads to Databricks by building impactful security features, driving security best practices in engineering, and baking security into each step of the product life cycle.
The impact you will have: 

Design security features that keeps our customers data safe
Lead projects to reduce risk in our product and infrastructure
Build a security paved road that enables our developers to easily produce secure software

What we look for:

5 years of experience implementing scalable security programs
Experience in a security domain such as application security or cloud security
Experience with modern software architecture and practices
3 years of experience with the Threat Modeling process and ability to find design problems based on a block diagram of data flow.
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, engineering or equivalent and relevant experience.
Strong theoretical understanding of Networking, Cloud and Operating System basics
Excellent coding skills - ability to write maintainable code with proper documentation.
Solid understanding on at least ONE of the following domains - Web Security, Cloud Security, Systems Security and Applied Cryptography.
Fuzzing skills targeting networking, API or File.
Exploit writing skills is a positive and greatly required.

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance

LI-Remote
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range135,700—240,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.