 P-211
Summary
At Databricks, we are obsessed with enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems, from security threat detection to cancer drug development. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform, so our customers can focus on the high-value challenges that are central to their missions.
Founded in 2013 by the original creators of Apache Spark, Databricks has grown from a tiny corner office in Berkeley, CA to a global organization with over 1500 employees. Thousands of organizations, from small to Fortune 100, trust Databricks with their mission-critical workloads, making us one of the fastest-growing SaaS companies in the world.
Our engineering teams build highly technical products that fulfill real, important needs in the world. We constantly push the boundaries of data and AI technology, while simultaneously operating with the resilience, security, and scale that is critical to making customers successful on our platform.
Customers trust Databricks with their most valuable data and Trust  Safety has the mission to build the most trusted data analytics and ML platform in the world. Security Engineering is an integral part of Trust  Safety and has  a critical role to play in keeping customer data from bad actors. We are looking for senior leaders such as yourselves to create the vision and define the strategy for this space. 
The impact you will have:

Make Databricks safer for our customers by identifying and plugging key gaps in our infrastructure and services
Attract top talent from across the industry.
Represent the security engineering discipline throughout the organization, having a powerful voice to make us more data-driven
Represent Databricks at academic and industry conferences  events

What we look for:

5 years of experience in Data Security or related areas  and expertise in two or more of the following--Cryptography, Kubernetes Security, Web Security, Governance, Privacy, Trust, Safety, Authentication, Identity Management, Access Control, Key Management, Inter-Service Authentication, Secure Application Frameworks, Detection  Response. Experience building systems at large scale internet companies is a huge plus.
 
7 years of experience building large scale distributed systems with high availability
Leadership skills and experience to lead across functional and organizational lines
Strong communication skills to explain and evangelize Data Security to senior leaders across the company
Bias to action and passion for delivering high-quality solutions
MS or Ph.D. in Computer Science or related fields

 
Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources

 
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range182,400—247,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.