Req ID: GAQ424R71
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.
Databricks is looking for a Finance Manager to join the Sales Finance team in the FPA organization. The Sales Finance teams primary goal is to help Databricks continue optimizing investment for long-term growth through thoughtful analysis and improving visibility across the business. You will report to the Director of Sales Finance.
You will be a trusted advisor to Sales and Finance leadership, delivering insights and providing recommendations for driving sustainable growth. You will improve forecast reliability, enhance reporting, build better processes, and scale our systems to help grow the business. You will also serve as the liaison between finance, sales, and product management to ensure that Company targets and incentive plans are accurately set.
The impact you will have: 

Lead the annual and quarterly top-line target setting process for FPA
Partner with sales strategy, data science, product operations, and other teams across Databricks to set targets and quotas for the field organization
Develop frameworks and build detailed empirical models to support financial recommendations
Be the main contact on all things related to top line reporting, forecasting, and ad hoc analyses
Communicate insights and build executive-facing reporting
Hire and manage a team of analysts to support Databricks growth

What we look for:

BS in Business, Economics, Finance, Operations Research, or comparable field
At least 5 years of finance, operations, or investment banking experience; familiarity with the software industry and SaaS
Successful track record managing 1-2 individual contributors
Excellent analytical, organizational, and collaboration skills
Experience simplifying and scaling while supporting a dynamic business
Curiosity to research and learn independently
Expert in ExcelGsheets (comfortable with shortcuts and complex spreadsheets)
Comfortable managing large datasets and driver-based models
Experience with databases; comfort with SQLPython a plus

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range117,000—207,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.