 
Databricks is looking for a top tier Staff Technical Program Manager with a passion for process improvement and project management. You will focus on running end-to-end processes for the engineering org, process improvements focused on cost and lifecycle changes across products. You will be hands-on in the execution of large scale projects as well as think strategically about how to improve day to day operations. This role will report into the RD Operations team, which is part of the engineering org.
The impact you will have:

Deliver repeatable process with tools per quarter, supporting the visibility of and improving engineering product operations 
Demonstrate and coordinate with engineering and finance teams to improve engineering costs
Solve complex business problems by breaking them down into tangible steps to execute
Be a pioneer of our Databricks Costa Rica office

What were looking for: 

Bachelor degree
7 years of experience in technical program management, or PMO or FinOps.
Solid experience with SQL-based database is required.
Experience in program management desired
Experience working with teams to understand and document how a process works and what needs to happen to track and push on teams
Proficiency with, project management tools required (Spreadsheets)
Enable cross-functional teams (Finance, Engineering team, etc.) to understand cost of cloud operations, overage and drive various engineering efficiency efforts
Expertise in working effectively and autonomously across multiple teams in situations of ambiguity, with only high-level direction
Experience creating and managing programs related to services and support pricing
Experience with collaboration tools such as Jira, Smartsheet, Asana, etc.
Build scalable and repeatable project plans to help track the business quickly
Create and publish dashboards to communicate effectively to the business the status of a project, risks, and milestones
Influence accuracy and reportability of our products across all systems by building out comprehensive project plans that take dependencies into account


A team player, adept at building relationships across the organization
Ability to adhere to deadlines across multiple projects in a fast paced environment without losing sight of accuracy
Candidate must possess good English written and oral communication skills.
Technical degree or the equivalent experience.
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.