While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.
The Product Partnerships team at Databricks is shaping a modern data and AI Stack platform ecosystem. Were seeking a dynamic individual to join our team to work with our technology partners. You will help partners develop new integrations and improve our product portfolio by collaborating with product  engineering. This role will report to the Sr. Director of Technology Partners.
You will create customer opportunities by using the ISV Partner Ecosystem, you will guide ISV partners to develop new integrations and improve product portfolio by working with and providing feedback to engineering. The ideal candidate will have data and some technical background along with a track record of building and growing partnerships.
 
The impact you will have:

Help Partners just getting started unlock value for our customers and reduce friction when developing their integrations with the Databricks Platform
Provide comprehensive support to partners during development, testing, delivery, and updates of integrations
Equip Databricks Field solutions engineers  account executives with the necessary tools to create solutions for potential clients
Facilitate easy access to information about the status and features of partnership offerings
Provide actionable partner feedback to Product  Engineering teams
Ensure written content like blogs and press releases are technically sound
Represent Databricks at industry events and promote its values

What we look for:

3  years in partner or customer-facing pre-sales, technical architecture or consulting role
Understand data warehousing, Lakehouse concepts, and the Databricks platform
Knowledge of enterprise architecture with a focus on data products
Literacy in languages like Python, Scala, or Java
Display proficiency in SQL
Demonstrate familiarity with major cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or GCP
Be well-versed in streaming technologies including Spark, Hadoop, and Kafka

LI-Remote
Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance

COVID-19 Vaccination Requirement
As a federal government contractor, Databricks requires new U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Proof of vaccination will be required as a condition of employment. Databricks will make reasonable accommodations based on medical conditions or religious grounds for qualified candidates in accordance with applicable law.
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range82,800—146,500 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.