You will be an integral part of the Talent Acquisition Team and manage all interview scheduling and related logistics. Youll work with hiring teams and the larger Talent Acquisition function to help our candidates navigate our process and provide exemplary interview experiences for all. Most importantly, you will have fun while doing it.
The impact you will have:

Coordinate phone and virtual interviews across Asia-Pacific (primarily India)
Maintain our Applicant Tracking System (Greenhouse) and Scheduling Automation Platform (GoodTime), ensuring data accuracy
Partner with teams (TA Partners, Sourcers, Hiring Teams, Candidate Experience Team) to learn about, prioritize, and fulfill hiring need
Help implement and update recruiting processes by identifying opportunities for efficiencies
Onboard new team members with TA leadership
Establish relationships with candidates, hiring teams, and the greater TA organization to initiate projects of impact to refine our processes and improve our delivery

What we look for:

6 months of Recruiting or Campus Coordination experience 
Ability to navigate internal relationships to achieve positive outcomes
Working knowledge of applying data to make decisions
Success with managing or supporting projects end-to-end

About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 5,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, HM, and over 40 of the Fortune 500— rely on Databricks Lakehouse platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.