P-928
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers — and customer obsessed — we leap at every opportunity to solve technical challenges, from designing next-gen UIUX for interfacing with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. And were only getting started in Bengaluru , India !
As a Software Engineer at Databricks India, you can get to work across : 
- Backend 
- DDS (Distributed Data Systems)
- Full Stack
The impact youll have: 
1. Our Backend teams span many domains across our essential service platforms. For instance, you might work on challenges such as:

Problems that span from product to infrastructure including: distributed systems, at-scale service architecture and monitoring, workflow orchestration, and developer experience.
Deliver reliable and high performance services and client libraries for storing and accessing humongous amount of data on cloud storage backends, e.g., AWS S3, Azure Blob Store.
Build reliable, scalable services, e.g. Scala, Kubernetes, and data pipelines, e.g. Spark, Databricks, to power the pricing infrastructure that serves millions of cluster-hours per day and develop product features that empower customers to easily view and control platform usage.

2. Our DDS team spans across:

Apache Spark
Data Plane Storage
Delta Lake
Delta Pipelines
Performance Engineering

3. As a Full Stack software engineer, you will work closely with your team and product management to bring that delight through great user experience.
What we look for:

BS (or higher) in Computer Science, or a related field
5 years of production level experience in one of: Python, Java, Scala, C, or similar language.
Experience developing large-scale distributed systems from scratch
Experience working on a SaaS platform or with Service-Oriented Architectures.

Benefits

Benefits allowance
Employees Provident Fund
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
Paid Parental Leave
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.