ADD Req ID GAQ225R10
Databricks is looking for an Sr. Revenue Accountant to join our revenue accounting team! You will report to the Sr. Manager Revenue Accounting in charge of month-end close. Together, we will support our accounting close cycle for revenue recognition, which includes reviewing contracts entered by Order Management, reviewing usage calculations for prepaid commitments, and preparing internal reporting for the FPA and GL Accounting teams.
The impact you will have: 
 Ensure proper application of ASC 606 to customer contracts.
 Perform monthly accounting close activities and deliverables (i.e. journal entries, account reconciliations, analytics).
 Support the financial reporting process by preparing supporting schedules.
 Implement and enhance systematic processes and automation to support our scalability goals.
 Build relationships with your peers across teams.  LeadSupport ad-hoc projects.
What we look for: 
 Bachelors degree with an emphasis in Finance or Accounting.
 5 years of combined experience in public accounting or a corporate revenue accounting role.
 Operational accounting experience in a growing fast-paced SAAS technology business and experience.
 Experience with activities in the quote-to-cash process (e.g. order review, contract creation in an accounting system, billing, revenue recognition).
 Experience using Excel (maintaining complex spreadsheets and calculations), Netsuite, and Salesforce.
 Database  SQL experience a plus
 
Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision



401(k) Plan


Equity awards


Flexible time off


Paid parental leave


Family Planning


Gym reimbursement


Annual personal development fund


Employee Assistance Program (EAP)


Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range97,000—171,700 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.