(FEQ424R291)
 
Mission
As a Specialist Solutions Architect (Data Warehousing), you will guide customers in their cloud data warehousing transformation with Databricks which spans a large variety of use cases.
You will be in a customer-facing role, working with and supporting Solution Architects, that requires hands-on production experience with large-scale data warehousing technologies, and expertise in other modern data technologies such as Apache Spark.
SSAs help customers through evaluations and successful planning of data warehousing workloads while aligning their technical roadmap for expanding the usage of the Databricks Lakehouse Platform.
As a go-to-expert reporting to the Specialist Field Engineering Manager, you will continue to strengthen your technical skills through mentorship, learning, and internal training programs and establish yourself in the data warehousing speciality - including performance tuning, data modelling, winning compete evaluations, and production migration planning.
 
The impact you will have:

Provide technical leadership to guide strategic customers to successful cloud transformations on large-scale data warehousing workloads - ranging from evaluation to architecture design to production deployment.
Prove the value of the Databricks Lakehouse Architecture on customer workloads by architecting production-level workloads, including end-to-end pipeline load performance testing and optimization.
Become a technical expert in an area such as data management, cloud platforms, and architecture.
Assist Solution Architects with more advanced aspects of the technical sale including custom proof of concept content, estimating workload sizing, and custom architectures.
Provide tutorials and training to improve community adoption (including hackathons and conference presentations)
Contribute to the Databricks Community.

 
What we look for:

5 years experience in a pre-sales or post-sales technical role with expertise in data warehousing - such as query tuning, performance tuning, troubleshooting, and debugging MPP data warehouses or other big data solutions. Maintained, extended, or migrated a production data warehouse system to evolve with complex customer needs.
Experience in the design and implementation of data warehousing technologies including NoSQL, MPP, OLTP, and OLAP.
Technical expertise in scaling big data workloads that are performant and cost-effective - including technologies such as Delta Lake.
2 years of professional experience with Big Data technologies (I.e. Spark, Hadoop, Kafka) and production-level programming experience in SQL and Python, Scala, or Java.
Experience with the AWS, Azure, or GCP clouds is highly desirable.
Experience in Teradata, Oracle, andor Netezza is preferable.
Fluent in French

 
Benefits

Complementary health insurance
Complementary life and disability coverage
Complementary pension
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.