RDQ224R264
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.
The Incident Response teams mission is to respond to security threats, incidents and investigations to protect our customers, employees and enterprise data in an efficient and standardized manner. Were a tight-knit team of security incident responders and incident handlers doing Security for Databricks on Databricks, using our own platform to create near-real-time log analytics, alerting and forensics.
You will be an individual contributor on the Security Incident Response (IR) team at Databricks, reporting to the Head of Incident Response. You will be responsible for leading incidents, investigations and security initiatives from postmortems. You will be a security multiplier and help the team scale security incident response at Databricks
The impact you will have:


You will identify problems with ambiguous requirements (lack of clarity, inconsistencies, technical limitations) for their your work , and communicates these issues early to help course-correct


You will communicate technical decisions through design docs, tech talks and mentor junior security responders via security guidance, design reviews and code reviews.


You will triage and respond to security events and alerts by understanding existing logs, correlating from multiple sources during an investigation.


Respond to new incidents as part of a distributed 24x7 operations and oncall schedule.


You will build automation to improve security incident response and alerts triage.


What we look for:


Atleast 6 years experience in Incident Response work


Cloud Security Essentials in at least 1 of AWS, GCP or Azure. Working knowledge of GCP and Azure.


Broad Security subject matter expertise.


Expertise in few core IR skills (DFIR , Reverse Engineering, Traditional Network Security, Storage and access security, Sandboxing, Compute security etc)


Experience with Enterprise Security, End Point Security and SaaS applications.


Working knowledge of a SIEM and SOAR


Have experience building Incident Response Tooling and scripting language skills


U.S. Citizenship Requirement:
In order to comply with U.S. Government information security and federal contractor regulations, including Department of Defense Cloud Computing Security Requirements for Impact Level 6 Cloud Service Provider personnel, and facilitate compliance with other regulations such as FedRAMP High baseline, and requirements of certain federal contracts, this role is open to United States citizens on United States Soil only.
Benefits


Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision


401(k) Plan


Equity awards


Flexible time off


Paid parental leave


Family Planning


Gym reimbursement


Annual personal development fund


Work headphones reimbursement


Employee Assistance Program (EAP)


Business travel accident insurance


 
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range134,400—237,700 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.