RDQ123R385
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. 
More about the team:
As a Product Manager for the AI Model Training, you will play a critical role in shaping and driving the future of our AI platform. Between large language models, forecasts, recommenders, and more, Databricks customers are constantly seeking to push the boundaries of what is possible with AI. We work hard to ensure our customers have the best infra, abstractions, foundational models, and tooling to support their objectives. This industry is changing fast and Databricks is helping drive that change - join us to be a critical influence to the evolving AI industry.
As a Product Manager, you will play a critical role in our team, steering the strategic direction and implementation of our model training services. Your insights and leadership will directly influence the way we help customers achieve their AI objectives. This role is a unique opportunity for you to make your mark in a rapidly evolving field that blends technology, data science, and product innovation. In this role, you will work closely with cross-functional teams, including engineering, design, and go to market teams to define the roadmap and deliver creative features that empower data-driven decision-making and accelerate AI development.
The impact you will have:

Capitalize on our strategic differentiation and continue to inspire creativity, simplification, performance, and usability.
Drive the product vision, strategy, and roadmap for Model Training, aligning it with Databricks broader business objectives.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including engineering, design, and marketing to build and deliver user-friendly features.
Act as the voice of the customer, integrating user feedback into product design to meet customer needs and enhance user satisfaction.
Drive adoption and usage of Model Training, working closely with sales and customer success teams.
Monitor and analyze product performance, competitive landscape, and market trends, using these insights to drive product improvements and identify new opportunities.

What we look for:

7 years of experience leading technically complex enterprise products.
An accomplished product leader with prior experience launching and growing an enterprise SaaS product or products
Strong understanding of the AI andor data businesses.
Experience recognizing customer needs, creating an encapsulating product vision, translating requirements to product specifications, driving alignment with stakeholders, building and bringing products to market, and driving adoption post-launch
Strong bias to ship products by understanding the most critical aspects to make the product successful
Experience partnering with senior engineering leadership with an ability to deep-dive into complex technical concepts.
Passion for designing products that simplify user experience of technically complex products

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

About Databricks
[Always put the boilerplate and DI statement below for every job description]
Want to help speed the development of medical breakthroughs? Make the next mode of transportation a reality? Or discover ways to reverse climate change? Were on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. The opportunity is huge and Databricks has emerged as a leader. Thousands of enterprises — including Comcast, Virgin Hyperloop and HM — already rely on us to power their businesses and were just getting started. Now its your turn - join us to grow your career and make an impact with some of the brightest minds in the industry.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 2 Pay Range124,600—220,400 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.