P-138
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers — and customer obsessed — we leap at every opportunity to solve technical challenges, from designing next-gen UIUX for interfacing with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. And were only getting started.
As an Engineering Manager, you will work with your team to build infrastructure and products for the Databricks platform at scale. We have multiple teams working on different domains.

Resource management infrastructure powering the big data and machine learning workloads on the Databricks platform in a scalable, secure, and cloud-agnostic way
Develop reliable, scalable services and client libraries that work with massive amounts of data on the cloud, across geographic regions and Cloud providers
Build tools to allow Databricks engineers to operate their services across different clouds and environments
Build services, products and infrastructure at the intersection of machine learning and distributed systems.

The impact you will have:

Hire great engineers to build an outstanding team.
Support engineers in their career development by providing clear feedback and develop engineering leaders.
Ensure high technical standards by instituting processes (architecture reviews, testing) and culture (engineering excellence).
Work with engineering and product leadership to build a long-term roadmap.
Coordinate execution and collaborate across teams to unblock cross-cutting projects.

What we look for:

Experience with large-scale distributed web services and the processes around testing, monitoring, and SLAs.
Partner with PM, Sales, and Customers to develop innovative features.
BS (or higher) in Computer Science, or a related field.
5 years of Engineering experience and 2 years of Engineering Management experience.

Benefits

Health insurance reimbursement and collective healthcare scheme
Life, accident and disability coverage
Company pension
Paid parental leave
Annual vacation bonus
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources 
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.