SLSQ124R12
As we continue to increase our presence in the Unified Data Analytics and AI world, were looking for a creative, motivated, and execution-oriented Enterprise Account Executive to sell to the rapidly growing Enterprise Segment within India to maximize the huge market opportunity that exists for Databricks today. Reporting to the Senior Director, Enterprise as an Enterprise Account Executive, you will be experienced in selling to large enterprise accounts. You will come with an informed point of view on Big Data and Advanced Analytics which will guide your successful sales strategy together with both our teams and partners, allowing you to provide value to our biggest and most valued customers.
The impact you will have:

You will secure new logos with named strategic accounts in the Enterprise Segment
You will create a focussed and targeted logo acquisition strategy.
Expand Databricks use cases in existing and newly won accounts to maximise impact for customers.
Establish essential C-Level relationships, including Engineering, Platform, Architecture, and Data Science roles, who will, in turn, be your industry advocates.
You will build value in all engagements to guide successful negotiations.
You will plan, document, and drive the growth of Databricks usage for your customers.
You will develop a deep and detailed understanding of the customers business.
Provide leadership to the customer, important staff, and technical teams.
Identify all important data use cases and buying centres in an opportunity, to increase the impact of Databricks in an organisation.
Orchestrate and use Databricks teams and ecosystem partners to maximise your impact on your sales motions.

What we look for:

7 years experience selling multi-million dollar complex software deals to the regions most recognisable organisations within the Enterprise segment.
Selling experience to the Enterprise segments.
Knowledge of segment priorities, buying processes, buying cycles, decision-making process, and the ecosystem
Background of selling usage-based SaaS solutions, or other Data AIML technologies.
5 years of experience in sales methodologies and processes, e.g. account planning, MEDDPICC, value selling, and Command of the Message.
5 years of experience in hunting in a greenfield space while also consulting with existing accounts to expand further use.
Build customer champions and collaborative teams to support the implementation of the expansion plan.
Understanding of how to develop a clear partner strategy and manage it to success.

Benefits

Private medical insurance
Accident coverage
Employees Provident Fund
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.