FEQ125R18
 
The Manager, Specialist Solutions Architects will lead a team of Specialist Solutions Architects(SSAs) responsible for important elements of the technical sales cycle.
As a Manager, you will report to the regional SSA and DSA director and you will grow and develop a dynamic team with expertise in areas including enterprise software, data engineering, and data science who will continue to deepen their knowledge of Databricks as the platform expands.
You will guide and get involved to enhance your teams effectiveness; be an expert at communicating complex, business value-focused solutions; support complex sales cycles and customer architectures, and build relationships with important partners in large corporations.
You will focus on the French business, and contributing to grow the Southern EMEA business.
 
The impact you will have:

You will hire and train a diverse team of Specialist Solutions Architects for Databricks, a company in hyper-growth mode
Exceed your regions consumption targets - by working with your cross-functional counterparts to determine where to deploy your team of technical experts to guide the most important use cases forward
Make your customers extremely successful with Databricks and provide outsized value to their businesses
Establish relationships across the business to make your customers and team successful
Grow Databricks platform usage and prevent churn in strategic accounts by overseeing and retiring a regional growth quota
Create a positive morale for the team and help foster a working relationship between Field Engineering, Sales, and other important internal partners
Help resolve customer questions on accounts and opportunities deemed strategic by Sales and Pre-sales field leadership
Act in a supportive manager capacity, including handling escalations, mentoring team members, building a career path for the assigned team members

 
What we look for:

Experience in senior roles in the data space with a technical product (i.e. data warehousing, big data, or machine learning)
Experience leading technical customer-facing teams (team sizes greater than 5) in a pre-sales organisation leading technical engagements
Lead a team through best practices for technical qualification, proof of concepts, architecture discussions, and product demonstrations
Experience hiring qualified candidates, ramping them up to be successful, and promoting into larger roles.
Experience collaborating with other teams such as Sales, Product Management, and Customer Success
Experience driving software platform adoption in Fortune 500 organisations in markets such as: Finance, Media, Retail, Telco, Energy, and Healthcare
Up to 30 of travel required.
Based in Paris area

 
Benefits:

Complementary health insurance
Complementary life and disability coverage
Complementary pension
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance

 
 About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.