FEQ424R298
While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.
As a leader on the Self-service team, you will help set Databricks customers up for success through digital experiences and programs.
Reporting to the Self-Service organization in Field Engineering, you will lead the vision, strategy and development of self-service programs. Build the end-to-end self-serve experience and funnel across the user lifecycle. Guide product-led growth best practices.
Together, well continue to help our customers become successful and enthusiastic Databricks champions.
The impact you will have

Take a first-principles approach to user research, experimentation, and analytics to grow the product-led growth self-serve model and meet users goals.
Define and scale needle moving journeys in partnership with the self-service journey architects
Collaborate with product teams to Identify product experiences and enhancements that inspire user adoption
Develop relationships with partners and executive leadership team across field engineering, product, marketing, sales and other organizations.
Take a balanced qualitative and experimentation approach build the best user experience across channels
Manage and launch complex, special projects related to the digital experience, such as using LLM-based chatbots, integrating digital with field teams, and enhancing new product introduction processes
Build the self-service program infrastructure and metrics to monitor integrated programming across digital and field-led activities
Be a liaison between Enablement, Marketing and Product w.r.t content and messaging to stay on point with freshness of digital assets, branding and tone
Define processes that improve the consistency and efficiency of user journeys
Use data and team member input to define and launch programs and self-serve journeys that enhance the digital experience, such as sales and field hand-off, re-engagement, and newsletter campaigns
Manage the automated, digital user feedback program e.g voice of customer, listening posts
Analyze campaign effectiveness and share insights with journey team members
Design cross-platform programs across acquisition, onboarding, retention and expansion
Partner with specialized self-service journey architects to personalize the core user experience
Implement process improvements for the company-wide digital customer experience efforts
You will become an expert on AB testing practices and partner with Data Science and Product teams to help establish the experimentation platform

What we look for

10 years of B2B work experience
Expertise in organizing and driving complex projects across multiple teams while building relationships with those teams
Connect pieces of information to understand broader goals and distill complex topics into clear, prioritized action items
Experience establishing new processes and driving wins with a fast-changing project and company direction
Understand the customer journey and how to develop journeys that spark engagement

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance
LI-Remote

 
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range118,300—209,200 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.