FEQ125R5
As a Pre-sales Solutions Architect, you will guide the technical evaluation phase in a hands-on environment throughout the sales process. You will be a technical advisor internally to the sales team, and work with the product team as an advocate of your customers in the field. You will help our customers to achieve tangible data-driven outcomes through the use of our Databricks Lakehouse Platform, helping data teams complete projects and integrate our platform into their enterprise Ecosystem. Youll grow as a leader in your field, while finding solutions to our customers biggest challenges in big data, analytics, data engineering and data science problems. You will report to the Senior Manager, Field Engineering.
 
The impact you will have:

You will be a Big Data Analytics expert on aspects of architecture and design
Lead your clients through evaluating and adopting Databricks including hands-on Spark programming and integration with the wider cloud ecosystem
Support your customers by authoring reference architectures, how-tos, and demo applications
Engage with the technical community by leading workshops, seminars and meet-ups
Together with your Account Executive, you will form successful relationships with clients throughout your assigned territory to provide technical and business value

 
What we look for:

Pre-sales or post-sales experience working with external clients across a variety of industry markets
Understanding of customer-facing pre-sales or consulting role with a core strength in either data engineering or data science advantageous
Experience demonstrating technical concepts, including presenting and white-boarding
Comfort in designing and implementing architectures within a public cloud (AWS, Azure or GCP)
Exposure to with Big Data technologies, including Spark, AI, Data Science, Data Engineering, Hadoop, Cassandra, and others
Solid coding experience in Python, R, Java, Spark or Scala
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or equivalent experience through work experience

 
Benefits

Private hospital plan and extras cover
Life, disability and income protection coverage
SuperannuationEquity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.