SLSQ424R408
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.
The Databricks Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) Sales Go-to-Market organisation is looking for a Senior Sales Programme Manager to design, lead, and deliver strategic regional growth initiatives and design and implement cross functional Sales Programmes with the objective of driving pipeline acceleration and use cases deployment across our customer base. 
As the EMEA Sales Programme leader, you will be a trusted advisor to stakeholders across the business at the VP level including Sales, Field Engineering, Sales Strategy  Operations, Enablement, Marketing, Data Science and Partners. Your role will be to ensure that Bricksters have the insights, skills and tools required to execute impactful integrated programmes that maximise adoption of the Databricks Lakehouse.
The Senior Sales Programme Manager will own and govern all EMEA strategic growth initiatives, in partnership with the EMEA SVP and GTM Leadership, and activate Global Sales Programmes to drive adoption of priority products, competitive and industry sales plays. You will report to the Senior Director of EMEA Sales-Go-To-Market and will build the Sales Programmes function in EMEA as the first Sales Programme Leader in region. 
You will raise the bar, innovate and challenge the status quo on how growth programmes are delivered and impacting core business metrics across EMEA. You are comfortable with complex data sets, can prescribe and prioritise technology solutions to meet business problems, and are comfortable presenting results and programme improvement plans to executive stakeholders. You will combine the creative process of designing prescriptive programmes and strategies, with the business end of operationalising and reporting on the success of these programmes. 
The impact you will have:

Design and execute prescriptive programmes, strategies, with a focus on operationalisation 
Build, maintain, update and optimise critical dashboards in Salesforce and BI tools such as Tableau
Influence EMEA and global GTM strategies through thought leadership, exceptional public speaking and presentation skills
Dive operational rigor and track record of cross-stakeholder programme management and execution

What we look for:

Knowledge of effective enterprise sales strategies (seed, grow, advise) and experience working in the technology space
Action oriented, leverage a growth minset, comfortable in high paced, hyper-growth environments
Extensive experience in programme management, strategic planning, andor sales ops with a proven ability to lead and deliver on strategic and tactical business objectives 
Willing to get your hands dirty to understand problems and build effective, simple and repeatable solutions to complex problems
A background in the designing (or influencing the design) of revenue-producing sales campaigns andor programmes, campaigns and go-to-market strategies
A history of demonstrated leadership and ability to deliver (and communicate) results with large-scale, cross-functional teams in a fast-paced environment
Ability to draw actionable insights from data sets in their most common forms (Excel, Business Objects, Salesforce, etc.)
Experience building trusted relationships, influencing stakeholder, connecting partners to improve project decision-making, which drives business value
Ability to collaborate and work across groups (Partners, Field Engineering Sales, Marketing, and Senior Executives) and across international teams to build a unified and coordinated strategy
Experience leading tactical or strategic sales training and enablement

Benefits



Medical insurance reimbursement or collective healthcare scheme


Accident and income protection insurance


Pension Plan


Enhanced Parental Leaves


Equity awards


Fitness reimbursement


Annual career development fund


Home office  work headphones reimbursement


Business travel accident insurance


Mental wellness resources


Employee referral bonus


About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.