P-346
As an Inbound Sales Development Representative at Databricks, youll manage your queue of inbound leads, researching them on the internet, calling them to understand their needs, qualifying their interest, and creating opportunities for Account Executives.. You will learn to understand the important needs of our prospects and communicate the core values of the Databricks platform with the goal of scheduling a discovery call with them. You will be eager to grow in our organization by demonstrating their ability to be tenacious self-starters every day. Were looking for goal-driven, team-centric professionals who demonstrate a high level of discipline, curiosity, and grit.
The impact you will have: 

Manage a high volume of inbound leads with a strategy to prioritize those leads
Research and understand the needs of various lines of business and target personas
Identify technical pain points in prospects current Data  AI solutions and connect to value
Learn how to anticipate and overcome objections
Build credibility and trust with partners
Demonstrate adaptability and flexibility as part of an ever-growing sales organization

What we look for:

1 year of professional work experience
Clear written and verbal communication skills
Excellent organization skills and ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment
Self-motivated individual with a history of meeting goals
Motivated by purpose and winning with a team-first attitude
Genuine curiosity in the Cloud, big data and ML AI space
Bachelors degree preferred

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mental wellness resources

COVID-19 Vaccination Requirement
As a federal government contractor, Databricks requires new U.S. employees to be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Proof of vaccination will be required as a condition of employment. Databricks will make reasonable accommodations based on medical conditions or religious grounds for qualified candidates in accordance with applicable law.
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range75,000—75,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.