SLSQ424R418
 
Databricks operates at the leading edge of the Unified Data Analytics and AI space.  Our customers turn to us to drive the accelerated innovation that their businesses need to gain first mover advantage in todays ultra competitive landscape.  Do you want to help solve the worlds toughest problems with big data and AI? This is what we do everyday at Databricks.
We are looking for a Strategic Account Executive to join the professional and business services team in London to maximise the phenomenal opportunity that exists within Global and Regional System Integrators to partner with Databricks on their Data Transformation journey.  Reporting to the Director, Strategic Sales, you will be responsible for selling directly to Global and regional SIs around their internal technology capabilities.  You will come with an informed and compelling point of view on the Big Data and Advanced Analytics space which will guide your successful strategy and together with both our teams and partners, allow you to provide exceptional value to our customers.
The impact you will have:

Assess your list of assigned (5) accounts and develop a strategy to execute against it.
Lead your customers and partners to identify impactful big data and AI use cases whilst proving out their value on the Databricks Lakehouse platform.
Identify land opportunities and develop the expand  consumption use cases.
Orchestrate and utilise internal teams to maximise the impact on your ecosystem.
Build exceptional value with all engagements to guide successful negotiations to close point.

What we look for:

Experience selling to Global  Regional System Integrators on their internal technology capabilities is essential
Experience at high growth and successful companiesorganisations.
Successful track record of over achieving against quota
Successful experience selling complex software deals and quota over-achievement
Understanding of consumption based land and expand sales models
Knowledge of the Data  AI space with some technology sales experience
Evidence of creating demand that delivered substantial business value
Experience of following robust sales methodologies and process, e.g. account planning, MEDDPICC, Value Selling and accurate forecasting
Experience of building effective champions, collaborative teams and partnerships to support execution of your territory plan.
Experience of developing a clear partner strategy and managing it to success
Understanding of how to identify all key uses cases and buying centres in an opportunity to increase the impact of Databricks in an organisation

Benefits:

Private medical, dental and cash refunds for health expenses
Life, disability and critical illness coverage
Group personal pension with company contribution
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance

 About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.