Req ID: GAQ324R16
Databricks is looking for a top tier Commercialization Operations Manager with a passion for process improvement and project management. Collaborating across teams and locations on assigned projects will be necessary in this role. You will focus on running end-to-end processes for many commercial introductions and lifecycle changes across product, deal policies, commercial programs, and offers promotions. You will be hands-on in the execution of large scale projects as well as think strategically about how to improve day to day operations. This role will report into the commercial operations team, which is part of the COO org. You will optimize the commercialization process and deliver technological improvements including scaling the interaction between different systems. You will develop You will need to think tactically and apply reasoning skills to achieve results. 
The impact you will have:

Deliver multiple commercial launches per quarter, supporting the growth of company revenue
Deliver repeatable commercialization designs that can scale as the business grows yet allows for experimentation. 
Improve the quality of commercial launches by decreasing the time between ideation and launch to market
Increase customer adoption of new products by making it simple and scalable to purchase and contract with Databricks
Lead the planning and execution of communication materials, including presentations, reports, and newsletters
Develop and maintain strong relationships with key stakeholders, including commercialization team members, cross functional stakeholders and field partners
Understand the current system set up and help define better integrations to scale commercialization processes. 
Drive prioritization and exception process for commercialization requests. 

What were looking for: 

Bachelor degree
8 years of experience in project management,  program management, operations and systems design
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Experience working with cross-functional teams and managing relationships with stakeholders at all levels
Experience with collaboration tools such as Jira, Smartsheet, Asana, etc.
Build scalable and repeatable project plans to help grow the business quickly
Create and publish dashboards to communicate effectively to the business the status of a project, risks, and milestones
Experience working with teams to understand and document how a process works and what needs to happen to launch a project
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to work independently and manage multiple projects simultaneously
Influence accuracy and reportability of our products across all systems by building out comprehensive project plans that take dependencies into account


A team player, adept at building relationships across the organization
Ability to adhere to deadlines across multiple projects in a fast paced environment without losing sight of accuracy
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.