Req ID FEQ125R9
As a Trusted Technology Leader for our customer in the Oil, Gas and Renewables industry vertical, you provide technology guidance and orchestrate the interaction between customer and Databricks resources to drive new opportunities, demand generation, digital transformation, and the mapping of industrybusiness scenarios to Databricks solutions. You ensure that Databricks is perceived as a technology leader  that our solutions (end-to-end) provide added value compared to the competition by being a trusted advisor to key decision-makers at the CxO level.
At Databricks, our core values are at the heart of everything we do; creating a culture of proactiveness and a customer-centric mindset guides us to create a unified platform that makes data science and analytics accessible to everyone. We aim to inspire our customers to make informed decisions that push their business forward. We provide a user-friendly and intuitive platform that makes it easy to turn insights into action and fosters a culture of creativity, experimentation, and continuous improvement. You will be an essential part of this mission, using your technical expertise to demonstrate how our Lakehouse Platform can help customers solve their complex data challenges. Youll work with a collaborative, customer-focused team that values innovation and creativity, using your skills to create customised solutions to help our customers achieve their goals and guide their businesses forward. Join us in our quest to change how people work with data and make a better world! 
Reporting to the Senior Manager, Field Engineering.
The impact you will have:
You will influence stakeholders at all levels through complex engagements with the wider cloud ecosystem and 3rd party applications, ensuring they are excited by the Databricks vision and solution strategy.Paired with the Account executive,  leveraging our large, multi-functional team, lead internal teams to provide analyses and architect solutions for the customer. Hold accountability as a strategic link between Databricks and the customer for identifying a pathway for strategic efforts and resources necessary for building a technology strategy. Technology Sales Leadership  Lead technology thought leadership and technology sales activities to drive the customers digital transformation vision and roadmap with Databricks.  Orchestrate the extended team, leading customer joint envisioning sessions, to bring the best of Databricks technology to help the customer achieve their digital goals. Digital Transformation Strategy  Own the relationship with C-level technologyinnovation executives at the customer and build relationships with business leaders to achieve their business and technology outcomes. Understand the customers business goals, solution areas, and partner solutions to build a technology roadmap, enabling the customers innovation agenda through the utilisation of our technologies.
What we look for:
Prior experience in acting as the Technology Leader for the customer and  go-to person in established, long-term relationships with technical andor business decision-makers at the Chief X Officer (CxO) level at the customer. Prior experience in acting as the Technology Leader for the Databricks cross-functional account team and orchestrating and creating the technology vision for the customer.Ability to innovate technical solutions to achieve customers business transformation and achieve account growth targets, by leveraging technology and industry knowledge to deliver digital solutions to accelerate the customers digital vision.Proactively builds and maintains a strong knowledge of the Oil, Gas and Renewables industry, associated business strategy, and key industry partners and solutions. Coordinate with internal industry experts to gather industry knowledge to improve outcomes for the customer. Nice to have: Databricks Certification
Benefits
Medical insurance reimbursement or collective healthcare schemeAccident and income protection insurancePension PlanEnhanced Parental LeavesEquity awardsFitness reimbursementAnnual career development fundHome office  work headphones reimbursementBusiness travel accident insuranceMental wellness resourcesEmployee referral bonusAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.