FEQ224R190
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, candidates in other APJ location will be considered
At Databricks we are on a mission to empower our customers to solve the worlds toughest data problems by utilizing the Lakehouse platform. As a customer facing Product Specialist you will act as a Field Engineering conduit into Product Engineering  Management to drive the company wide goal of driving multi-product adoption within our customers and partners.
In addition, you must establish a trusted relationship with Product Engineering  Management through thought leadership and deep technical expertise on a specific product line area within the Databricks Lakehouse platform. You will own and drive adoption of the relevant product line and ensure a consistent product vision for FE for that product. You will act as a technical bridge between FE and PM and support enablement activities including leading and driving the relevant CoP group. You will report to the the VP of Field Engineering, APJ.
The impact you will have:

Proactive customer-facing work to ensure product-line adoption in our top accountspartners in APJ
Accountable for product-line specific adoption success metrics for APJ
Lead the Field-Engineering CoP group for the relevant product lineregion
Drive the agenda for enabling the field both technically and in the strategic vision for the relevant product line
Build gold-standard slide decks and demos for the field to use with their customers
Drive external thought leadership content  blogs, webinars, conferences, etc.
Support product teams in identifying preview customers and driving adoption of the relevant product line
Provide input to product teams on the feature requests that are significant adoption blockers
On a reactionary basis support the SASSA teams in account conversations as 3rd line support and escalate to product as needed

What we look for:

10 years in a customer-facing pre-sales, technical architecture, customer success, or consulting role
Recognized deep technical expert within the relevant product line
Recognized thought leader both internally and externally. Producing solutions that help Databricks scale in the form of blogs, webinars, press articlesinterviews and technical know-how to the FE community and beyond
Experience generalizing field patterns into reference architectures and re-usable solutions
Excellent ability to communicate technical topics in a simple-to-understand manner 
Provides a strong, informed, and data-driven perspective in conversations with the Product and Engineering teams to influence our product strategy and priorities in how customers can and should deploy Databricks at scale
Acts as the third level point of escalation on the toughest technical challenges in the field that customers face
Manages customer conversations from the practitioner  to the executive level for the relevant product line
Drives community efforts such as leading relevant SME and other community working groups to enable the field and build champions in the relevant technical field
Provides key messaging and approaches to ensure the technical field is prepared to drive adoption of new features and discuss those features with customers 
Role model for all Databricks cultural principles
Able to influence and persuade product, the field and customers on the vision for the relevant product line

Benefits

Private medical, dental and optical
Life, accident, disability and critical illness coverage
Central Provident Fund for local nationals
Equity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resourcesEmployee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.