SLSQ424R441
Director of Sales Enablement
We are seeking an Director - Americas Sales Enablement leader to run sales enablement for our entire Americas enterprise business, including our key industry verticals, Canada and LATAM. The leader will cover the largest segment of our business in terms of revenue and sales headcount. The leader will be a critical business partner to our SVP of Americas sales and the cross functional team that supports revenue growth. The leader will be responsible for developing and executing the sales enablement strategy for AEs and sales leaders aligned to our overall go to market priorities.
The impact you will have: 

Develop a comprehensive sales enablement strategy in partnership with our Americas sales leadership, and cross functional teams.
Ensure sales teams are proficient in product knowledge, sales process, industry positioning and business value.
Work cross functionally with Marketing, partner, sales ops, and go to market teams to ensure the highest quality materials are built for the field to use effectively with customers to drive results.
Define and track KPIs to quantify the impact of enablement and adjust enablement plans.
Represent Americas sales priorities to inform our global strategy for ongoing enablement and events such as Sales Kickoff.  

What we look for:

A successful candidate will have experience scaling enablement teams in a hypergrowth, enterprise sales environment
Sales and sales management experience a plus.
Experience with cloud based software and solutions, data and analytics will help a candidates success in the role.
Candidate must thrive in a high paced environment in a quickly evolving market space. 

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range175,600—310,600 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.