SLSQ424R265
Databricks operates at the leading edge of the Data Analytics space with a mission to help companies solve the worlds toughest problems.
Were looking for a Business Development Representative to represent Databricks to prospective customers in Central Europe! This role is perfect for a sales professional early on in their career, looking to help scale out a game-changing enterprise software company and develop their sales career. Reporting to the SDR manager for Central Europe, you will be part of a dynamic team of like-minded individuals and have the opportunity to really make a difference in a budding regional team. This role will be based in either Munich or Berlin.
The impact you will have:

Rapidly develop your skill-set around value-based selling, big data and AI
Provide a great customer experience for Databricks prospective customers
Conduct account and prospect research to inform and develop compelling outreach campaigns to increase engagement in a large variety of accounts
Maintain active inbound and outbound communications with prospects using tailored follow-up, including personalised email, cold calling and social selling
Partner with the wider sales team to develop territory strategy, build a pipeline, and increase adoption
Uncover and identify client needs and progress conversations into sales opportunities through communicating how Databricks will meet them effectively

What we look for:

Prior successful sales experience is preferred but not necessary
Determination to succeed, learn and build the next best enterprise software company
Consistent, measurable over-achievement in past experiences
Active listening and questioning in phone-based and in-person scenarios
A genuine interest for big dataAI
Positive contributor to team and company culture (Own It, Teamwork Makes the Dreamwork, Let The Data Decide, Be Customer and Partner Obsessed)
Fluency in English and German is required

Benefits

Private medical insurance
Life, accident  disability insurance
Pension Plan
Vision Reimbursement
Equity awards
Enhanced Parental Leave
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.