P-67
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers — and customer obsessed — we leap at every opportunity to solve technical challenges, from designing next-gen UIUX for interfacing with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. And were only getting started.
Unlike traditional enterprise software, we design and build modern SaaS products that bring delight to all of the stakeholders: decision makers, admins, and end users. As a full stack software engineer, you will work closely with your team and product management to bring that delight through great user experience.
Below are some example teams you can join:
SQL Analytics Console: SQL Analytics is a new product that provides Databricks customers with a first-class experience for performing Business Intelligence (BI) and running SQL workloads directly on the data lake. Our team builds the console for SQL Analytics, where users configure, manage and monitor their SQL usage.
Jobs and Workflows: This team powers all asynchronous customer workloads for Databricks which is the majority of Databricks usage. As this usage has rapidly increased - weve rearchitected the system for increased stability and scalability. We are also building exciting new features for more advanced workflows and customer observability. This team has a mix of frontend, backend, and reliability engineering skills  projects.
Developer Ecosystem: The developer ecosystem team focuses on the development experience and best practices using tools outside of the workspace. We own and govern the core developer ecosystem open-source components: the SDK, the CLI, and Terraform.
What we look for:

BSMSPhD in Computer Science, or a related field
5 years of experience with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
Passion for user experience and design and a deep understanding of front-end architecture
Comfortable working towards a multi-year vision with incremental deliverables
Experience with modern JavaScript frameworks (e.g., React, Angular, VueJsEmber)
Strong familiarity with server-side web technologies (eg: Nodejs, Java, Python, Scala, C, C,Go, JVM)
Good knowledge of SQL
Experience with cloud technologies, e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP, Docker, Kubernetes
Experience in architecting, developing, deploying, and operating large scale distributed systems

Benefits

Health insurance reimbursement and collective healthcare scheme
Life, accident and disability coverage
Company pension
Paid parental leave
Annual vacation bonus
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.