CSQ424R231As a Resident Solutions Architect, you will shape the future big data landscape for leading Fortune 500 organizations. You will be in a senior level customer-facing role that requires expertise in Apache Spark along with a variety of big data solution architecture experience.
Weekly, you will guide customers through architecture, design, and implementation while aligning their technical roadmap for expanding the usage of the Databricks platform. As part of the RSA team, you will continue to strengthen your technical expertise through mentorship, learning, and internal training programs. This role can be remote, but you will be located in the job listing area and will travel up to 30 when needed. Youll report to a Regional Team Lead.
The impact you will have:

Provide technical leadership in a post-sales capacity to guide strategic customers as they implement big data projects, ranging from architectural design to data engineering to model deployment
Identify and improve new plans that help customers to turn their data into relevant value and align these plans with their outcomes for continued success
Architect production level workloads, including end-to-end pipeline load performance testing and optimization
Provide tutorials and trainings to improve community adoption (including hackathons and conference presentations)
Work with Engineering and Product Management to improve the direction of the Databricks product
Contribute to Databricks Expert community

What we look for:

Hands-on and technical experience with Apache Spark
Experience of design and implementation experience in big data technologies including Hadoop, NoSQL, MPP, OLTP, and OLAP
5 years experience working as either:

Software EngineerData Engineer: query tuning, performance tuning, troubleshooting, and debugging Spark andor other big data solutions.
Data ScientistML Engineer: model selection, model lifecycle, hyperparameter tuning, model serving, deep learning, etc.

Comfortable programming in Python, Scala or Java
Experience designing solutions on cloud infrastructure and services, such as AWS, Azure, or GCP
Experience with Development Tools for CICD, Unit and Integration testing, Automation and Orchestration, REST API, BI tools and SQL Interfaces. E.g. Jenkins
Experience with ML concepts covering Model Tracking, Model Serving and other aspects of productionizing ML pipelines in distributed data processing environments like Apache Spark, using tools like MLflow

Benefits

Benefits allowance
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.