Req ID: GAQ324R6
Databricks is looking for an experienced Corporate Counsel to join our expanding Legal team to support and lead a broad range of corporate matters. This position will report to our Director  Assistant General Counsel, and is a unique opportunity to play a leading role on corporate, MA, ventures, securities law compliance, governance, and related matters and to provide business-focused legal advice to stakeholders throughout Databricks on a daily basis.
You will be agile, highly organized and have the skills, drive and flexibility to support and accelerate a leading technology company, addressing cutting-edge legal issues and organizational challenges. A successful candidate will be a resourceful self-starter, comfortable working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment and excellent at building strong relationships.
The impact you will have:

Support all phases of strategic transactions, including MA, ventures transaction and financings
Support securities law compliance and SEC reporting, including assisting with current and periodic reports, proxy statements, registration statements, and Section 16 filings
Provide legal advice and support on global equity plans, executive compensation, and related equity matters
Prepare and review board and committee materials and advise on board-related governance matters
Prepare governance and compliance policies and procedures, including updates to such policies and procedures
Review and advise internal stakeholders with respect to investor presentations, offering materials, public announcements, press releases, and other corporate communications
Assist with Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) matters and reporting initiatives
Lead international subsidiary management, including formation and maintenance of domestic and international subsidiaries
Create and continuously improve processes for scaling legal support for general corporate matters
Develop and maintain relationships with internal and external stakeholders, including finance, corporate development, marketing, investor relations and outside counsel

What we look for:

5 years of experience at a nationally-recognized law firm, a public company or a combination of both
J.D. from a top-tier law school
Member of a state bar in good standing
You have public company and MA experience, including a deep knowledge regarding disclosure requirements, SEC regulations, listing exchange rules and strong familiarity with general board and governance matters
You possess strong interpersonal skills and ability to form relationships with key stakeholders
You can perform and thrive in a fast-paced, deadline-intensive environment and enjoy being continually challenged
You are a self-starter with the capability to operate independently and to interact confidently with senior management when required
You have a strong work ethic, excellent organizational skills and can manage many cross-functional projects simultaneously with minimal supervision

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 2 Pay Range125,800—222,600 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.