P-56
At Databricks, we are passionate about enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems — from making the next mode of transportation a reality to accelerating the development of medical breakthroughs. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform so our customers can use deep data insights to improve their business. Founded by engineers — and customer obsessed — we leap at every opportunity to solve technical challenges, from designing next-gen UIUX for interfacing with data to scaling our services and infrastructure across millions of virtual machines. And were only getting started.
The impact you will have:

Recruit a world-class software engineering team, from sourcing to closing.
Drive strategic vision for the team and product.
Establish high technical standards through processes and culture.
Mentor and coach engineers to help them carve out a fulfilling career.
Deliver infrastructure and product to make our customers lives better, and to support Databricks record-breaking growth.
Evangelize and uphold our cultural principles: be customer obsessed, be data-driven, team work makes the dream work, and own it.
From ML
Hire great engineers to build an outstanding team.
Support engineers in their career development by providing clear feedback and develop engineering leaders.
Ensure high technical standards by instituting processes (architecture reviews, testing) and culture (engineering excellence).
Work with engineering and product leadership to build a long-term roadmap.
Coordinate execution and collaborate across teams to unblock cross-cutting projects.

What we look for:

BS or higher in Computer Science, or a related field
At least two years of experience building and leading highly complex, technical engineering teams.
Motivated by delivering customer value and impact.
Ability to attract, hire, and coach world-class engineers.
Experience with distributed systems, databases, compilers, performance optimisation or big data systems (Spark, Hadoop)
Comfortable working cross functionality with product management and directly with customers; ability to deeply understand product and customer personas.
From ML
Experience managing, hiring and coaching software engineering teams.
Experience with large-scale distributed web services and the processes around testing, monitoring, and SLAs to ensure high product quality.
Experience managing an ML platform, SaaS, or data focused product.
Work with partners in other departments (PM, Sales, CS) to improve outcomes.
BS (or higher) in Computer Science, or a related field.

Benefits

Health insurance reimbursement and collective healthcare scheme
Life, accident and disability coverage
Company pension
Paid parental leave
Annual vacation bonus
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.