FEQ125R24
As a Pre-sales Solutions Architect (Analytics, AI, Big Data, Public Cloud), you will guide the technical evaluation phase in a hands-on environment throughout the sales process. You will be a technical advisor internally to the sales team, and work with the product team as an advocate of your customers in the field. You will help our Greater China Region (GCR) customers to achieve tangible data-driven outcomes through the use of our The Databricks Lakehouse Platform, helping data teams complete projects and integrate our platform into their enterprise Ecosystem. Youll grow as a leader in your field, while finding solutions to our customers biggest challenges in big data, analytics, data engineering and data science problems. You will report to the Manager, Field Engineering.
The impact you will have:

You will be a Big Data expert on aspects of architecture and design on public cloud
Lead your prospects through evaluating and adopting Databricks
Support your customers by authoring reference architectures, how-tos, and demo applications
Integrate Databricks with 3rd-party applications to support customer architectures
Engage with the technical community by leading workshops, seminars and meet-ups
Together with your Account Executive, you will form successful relationships with clients throughout your assigned territory to provide technical and business value

What we look for:

Pre-sales or post-sales experience working with external clients across a variety of industry markets
Understanding of customer-facing pre-sales or consulting role with a core strength in Data Engineering and Cloud Architect advantageous
Experience demonstrating technical concepts, including presenting and whiteboarding
Experience designing and implementing architectures within public clouds (AWS, Azure or GCP)
Experience with Big Data technologies, including Spark, AI, Data Science, Data Engineering, Hadoop, Cassandra, and others.
Fluent coding experience in Python or Scala implementing Spark, Java
Experience working with Enterprise Accounts
Experience with Data Science and related technologies (R and various algorithms) would be a plus
Written and verbal fluency in English  Mandarin OR English  Cantonese

Benefits

Private medical, dental and optical
Life, accident, disability and critical illness coverage
Central Provident Fund for local nationals
Equity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resourcesEmployee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.