RDQ224R257
While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.
You will be an important member of the Vulnerability Response Program at Databricks.
We endeavor to be the tip of the security spear, monitoring, assessing, and responding to 0-day vulnerabilities. 
You will monitor many sources to identify new vulnerabilities that may affect Databricks product. You will assess their potential real-world impact on the security of our products and customers and provide guidance to the teams communicating with customers empowering them with the information they need to quickly address our customers security questions.
We are looking for a candidate who stays on top of the latest zero-day vulnerabilities and can go beyond the hype and splashy headlines to realistically assess the potential security impact to our systems.
 
The impact you will have:

Identify new 0-day vulnerabilities and assess their applicability to our environments.
Root-cause high severity vulnerabilities to assess their impact on real world complex systems.
Utilize your research to determine what type of response is required.
Write and share detailed analyses based on your findings.

 
What we look for:

Experience with root-cause analysis who can assess the impact of a vulnerability given a limited description. 
Experience reading source code and patches to aid in the understanding and impact of a vulnerability.
Experience exploiting vulnerabilities in web applications, Linux kernels, containers, and networks
Knowledge of all bug classes and their nuances - especially ones related to web and cloud
Ability and drive to learn new technologies and decompose systems on the fly
Comfortable reading most programming languages - especially Scala, Java, and Python
Experience with network, host and application security practices
1 years of experience working with AWS, Azure, or GCP.

 
Benefits

Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Employee referral bonus
Equity awards
Fitness reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Health Allowance
Life, accident  disability insurance

 About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.