CSQ324R78
As a Sr. Platform Technical Support Engineer, you will provide technical support for Spark Platform related issues and resolve any challenges involving the Databricks unified analytics platform. You will assist the Greater China Region customers in their Databricks journey and provide them with the guidance, knowledge, and expertise that they need to accomplish value and achieve their strategic goals using our products. They will look to you for answers to everything from basic technical questions to complex architectural scenarios spanning across the entire Big Data ecosystem. You will report to the Sr. Manager, Platform Support.
The impact you will have:

Troubleshoot and resolve complex customer issues related to Databricks platform
Provide best practices support for custom-built solutions developed by Databricks customers
Deliver suggestions for improving performance in customer-specific environments
Assist with issues around third-party integrations with Databricks environment
Demonstrate true sense of ownership and coordinate with engineering and escalation teams to achieve resolution of customer issues and requests
Participate in the creation and maintenance of company documentation and knowledge articles
Be a true proponent of customer advocacy
Strengthen your AWSAzure and Databricks platform expertise through learning and internal training programs
Be a team player and coach other team members

What we look for:

Minimum 7 years experience designing, building, testing, and maintaining PythonJavaScala based applications
Candidates with less experience will be considered for a more junior role
Solid experience with SQL-based database is required.
Strong LinuxUnix administration skills.
Hands-on experience with AWS or Azure.
Candidate must possess excellent written and oral communication skills in Mandarin and English
Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills, particularly those that apply to a Distributed Big Data Computing environment.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field

Benefits

Private medical, dental and optical
Life, accident, disability and critical illness coverage
Central Provident Fund for local nationals
Equity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resourcesEmployee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.