P-989
Do you excel at driving operations at scale? Are you anticipating the needs of customers and driving process improvements to ensure their success? Are you passionate about the cloud and building relationships across organizations? If you are, then join us on the cutting edge at Databricks!
Were building a team of passionate Technical Program Managers to create and guide processes across our Engineering organization. Youll cultivate and expand our relationships with the largest cloud computing providers and building the foundations for the Databricks customer experience. Your responsibilities will be to work with our engineering teams and cloud partners to ensure Databricks solutions are engineered for reliability, scalability, and security - all while keeping operations top of mind. Youll guide the direction of a cross-cloud program, set engineering goals and launch programs at scale. Youll be front and center of organizing controls, governance and standards across our infrastructure to achieve product stability and at least four nines of uptime. Youll be reporting to a Technical Program Leader working across multiple time-zones, seeing around corners to identify blockers, and ensuring needs are balanced against technical requirements.
 
Databricks is looking for a top tier Staff Technical Program Manager with a passion for process improvement and project management. You will focus on running end-to-end processes for the engineering org, process improvements focused on cost and lifecycle changes across products. You will be hands-on in the execution of large scale projects as well as think strategically about how to improve day to day operations. This role will report into the RD Operations team, which is part of the engineering org.
What we look for:

5 years of technical programprojectrelationship management experience
Bachelors degree in a related field (EE, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering)
Experience leading cross-functional teams to complete projects with multiple dependencies and constraints
Experience defining projects, identifying risks, managing cost, coordinating scope, identifying dependencies, scheduling and deploying new products and features
Experience creating and cascading processes through an organization
Knowledge of SQL
Experience using Jira

Preferred Qualifications:

University or advanced technical degree
Knowledge of product development process (PDP) and lifecycle
Experience with large scale software and cloud native infrastructure
Previous hardware or software development experience is a plus

Benefits

Private Medical Insurance
Private Life Insurance
Equity Awards
Paid Parental Leave
Fitness Reimbursement
Annual Career Development Fund
Home OfficeWork Headphone Reimbursement
Business Travel Accident Insurance

LI-Onsite LI-puravidaAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.