CSQ125R3
As a Senior Spark Technical Solutions Engineer, you will provide technical and consulting related solutions for the challenging SparkMLAIDeltaStreamingLakehouse reported issues by our customers and resolve any challenges involving the Databricks unified analytics platform with your comprehensive technical and client-facing skills. You will assist our customers in their Databricks journey and provide them with the guidance and expertise that they need to accomplish value and achieve their strategic goals using our products. You will join the EMEA Technical Solutions team based in Amsterdam, Netherlands reporting to the Manager of Spark Technical Solutions.
The impact you will have:

Provide best practices guidance for custom-built solutions developed by Databricks customers.
Troubleshoot, resolve and suggest deep code-level analysis of Spark to address customer issues related to Spark core internals, Spark SQL, Structured Streaming, Delta, Lakehouse and other Databricks runtime features.
Assist the customers in setting up reproducible Spark problems with solutions in the areas of Spark SQL, Delta, Memory Management, Performance tuning, Streaming, Data Science and Data Integration areas in Spark.
Work with Account Executives, Solutions Architects and Professional Services for coordinating customer issues and best practices guidelines.
Coordinate with Engineering and Backline Support teams to help report Product defects.
Help create company documentation and knowledge articles.
Participate in weekend (infrequent) and weekday (normal business hrs) on-call rotation.

What we look for:

5 years of hands-on experience developing any two or more of the Big Data, Hadoop, Spark,Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Streaming, Kafka, Data Science, ElasticSearch related industry use cases at Production scale.
Minimum 5 years experience developing, testing, and sustaining Python or Scala-based applications.
Spark experience is mandatory.
Experience in the performance tuningtroubleshooting of Hive and Spark-based applications at production scale.
Real-time experience in JVM and Memory Management techniques such as Garbage collections, HeapThread Dump Analysis.
Experience with any SQL-based databases.
Experience with AWS or Azure or GCP.

Benefits:

Medical insurance reimbursement or collective healthcare scheme
Accident and income protection insurance
Pension Plan
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Equity awards
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.