CSQ424R68
While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in the US will be considered located anywhere in Central time zone.
As a Resident Solutions Architect, you will have the opportunity to shape the future big data landscape for leading Fortune 500 organizations. This position is a senior level customer-facing role that requires deep expertise in Apache Spark along with a breadth of big data solution architecture experience.
On a weekly basis, you will guide customers through architecture, design, and implementation while strategically aligning their technical roadmap for expanding the usage of the Databricks platform. As part of the RSA team, you will continue to strengthen your technical expertise through mentorship, continuous learning, and internal training programs. This role can be remote, but the ideal candidate will be located in the job listing area and have a willingness to travel up to 30.
Outcomes

Provide technical leadership in a post-sales capacity to guide strategic customers as they design and implement big data projects, ranging from architectural design to data engineering to model deployment
Identify and drive new initiatives that enable customers to turn their data into actionable business value and align these initiatives with their business outcomes for continued success
Architect production level workloads, including end to end pipeline load performance testing and optimization
Deliver tutorials and trainings to drive community adoption (including hackathons, conference presentations, etc.)
Work closely with Engineering and Product Management to drive the direction of the Databricks product
Contribute to Databricks SME community

Competencies

Hands-on and technical expertise with Apache Spark
Proven experience of design and implementation experience in big data technologies including Hadoop, NoSQL, MPP, OLTP, OLAP
5 years Experience working as either: Software EngineerData Engineer: query tuning, performance tuning, troubleshooting, and debugging Spark andor other big data solutions.
Comfortable programming in Python, Scala or Java
Experience using and designing solutions on cloud infrastructure and services, such as AWS, Azure, or GCP
Experience with Development Tools for CICD, Unit and Integration testing, Automation and Orchestration, REST API, BI tools and SQL Interfaces. E.g. Jenkins.
Excellent communication skills and comfortable presenting to strategic stakeholdersleadership.
Experience in customer-facing pre-sales, post-sales, technical architecture guidance, or consulting.
Passionate about learning new technologies and making customers successful
Data ScienceML Engineer experience model selection, model lifecycle, hyper-parameter tuning, model serving, deep learning, using tools like MLFlow desired.

Benefits 


Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision


401(k) Plan


Equity Awards


Flexible Time Off


Paid Parental Leave


Family Planning


Fitness Reimbursement


Annual Career Development Fund

Home OfficeWork Headphones Reimbursement

Employee Assistance Program (EAP)


Business Travel Accident Insurance

Mental Wellness Resources

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 2 Pay Range124,800—220,800 USDZone 3 Pay Range124,800—220,800 USDZone 4 Pay Range124,800—220,800 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.