P-924
As a Product Operations Lead, you will be part of the Product and Engineering organization, and you will drive multiple Product Lines for Databricks.
You will be an essential link between customer-facing operations teams and the product and engineering team building features used by thousands of customers.
You will partner with the Product Management, Engineering, Field teams to start. Youll help close the feedback loop by analyzing contact drivers, and collaborating with various team members to build a cohesive customer story illustrating the biggest areas for opportunities. This job involves a deep understanding of stakeholder management, and the ability to navigate an environment with passionate people intent on delivering valuable products. Applied experience with analytics and reporting is a must. You will report to the director of product operations.
The impact you will have:

Analyze and synthesize data from multiple sources, including customer and partner feedback, product usage and adoption
Develop and maintain user-friendly systems, reports, dashboards, etc., and surface key metrics and trends to stakeholders, leveraging your expertise to call attention to the most important problems and themes
Partner with cross-functional operations teams to consult, develop and implement metrics, automated reportingprocess solutions, and process improvements to meet business needs.
Influence product and engineering decision-makers to deliver the best possible customer experience, using both data and qualitative analysis to inform your perspective
Organize the measurement of key results for annual objectives. Communicate status on objective progress to department stakeholders
Be self-driven, and show ability to deliver on ambiguous projects with incomplete data
Implement process improvements: identify operational gaps and implement them to optimize product operations processes, reducing costs and improving efficiency
Be a team player: Evangelize and uphold our cultural principles: be customer obsessed, be data-driven, team work makes the dream work, and own it.

What we look for:

6 years of experience in a business analyst or data analyst role. Experience using SQL and Microsoft excel (can perform complex functions).
Experience building Data pipelines using SQL, Python, R, or Scala
Experience with data visualization solutions, such as Tableau, Salesforce, PowerBI, andor Data Studio
Comfortable communicating with Databricks executives and department leadership.
Capable of distilling complex analysis and modeling efforts into clear messaging
Experience in the enterprise software industry, SaaS and B2B experience preferred
Experience working with customer-facing support systems such as in-app help centers, customer case  form submission flows, and zero-contact resolutionself-help features
Listen well in order to drive stakeholder alignment to help reach the necessary decisions
Experience leading update syncs (strong preference for AgileScrumJIRA experience)
Entrepreneurial, can do attitude - ability and willingness to make an impact in a start-up
Most of all, we look for relentless problem solvers and will consider candidates with non-traditional backgrounds.

Benefits

Private Medical Insurance
Private Life Insurance
Equity Awards
Paid Parental Leave
Fitness Reimbursement
Annual Career Development Fund
Home OfficeWork Headphone Reimbursement
Business Travel Accident Insurance

LI-Onsite LI-puravidaAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.