(CSQ324R139)
Workplace:
Hybrid. Preferably based in France. Candidates must have the ability to be in the Paris office at least 1 day a week.
Mission:
The Databricks Customer Enablement team is on a mission to upskill Data and AI professionals in our customer organizations to use Databricks and accelerate customer success and outcomes. 
We are looking for a Customer Training Regional Lead, reporting to our Global Enablement Lead, to be based in France to support our Southern EMEA (France, Italy, Spain, Middle East and Africa) customers. You will work with multiple teams including Sales, Field Engineering and Professional Services account teams to support our customers success through positioning onboarding and ongoing training opportunities. 
Balancing a combination of free and paid training offerings to the customer, you will support training bookings and revenue in the region and ensure customer success with the right number of learners and credentials in customer accounts. The Customer Training team is seen throughout Databricks as a strategic driver for our customers adoption and success. 
Reporting to the Senior Director for Customer Enablement in Field Engineering, you will ensure that our customers in this region can use all the training services that are designed specifically to meet their needs, drive adoption, and support customer success. 
The impact you will have:

Work with the Go-To-Market teams (Sales, Field Engineering and Professional Services) teams to create enablement strategies aligned with the needs by customer segment. 
Ensure all customers have a tailored enablement plan to meet their specific needs.
Work with the global training teams of delivery and operations to provide seamless execution of the training and development plans.
Report weeklymonthly numbers and guide appropriate actions from the GTM teams.
Manage plans for regional training bookings and revenue execution expectations. 
Work as a voice of the customer for global teams supporting enablement content and credentials.
Manage projects across different teams simultaneously, working to deadlines and priorities.

What we look for:

1 years of experience in the field of Big Data, AI or Data Science.
Demonstrated experience in Customer Success, training, or managing a book of business (or similar field in consulting, industry).
Experience creating and leading programs and partnering with sales and technical teams to deliver customer outcomes (training revenue goals and Learnerscredentials).
Technical foundations to understand the curriculum and certifications, and make recommendations to customers. 
Ability to present foundational onboarding webinars (not expected to conduct deep hands-on training).
Translate customer outcomes to learning plans and enablement recommendations.

Benefits

Complementary health insurance
Complementary life and disability coverage
Complementary pension
Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.