GAQ224R131
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.
Mission:
Databricks is looking for an excellent Finance Manager to join our FPA team in our mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. Reporting to the Director of FPA, as an important contributor to the Go-To-Market (GTM) finance team specifically focused on supporting the Technical Field, you will help your partners be successful and achieve financial goals, grounded in financial reality through modeling and analysis. You will improve forecast reliability, enhance reporting, improve processes, and provide thought leadership to guide the evolution of the organization. You will work directly with interrelated Go-To-Market finance teams (i.e., Sales, Professional Services) and Technical Field Operations, becoming a trusted partner within finance and across Databricks.
The impact you will have:

Partner with the Technical Field organization to develop forecasts and manage budgets, building reports and analyses to understand and influence business-critical GTM investments
Forecast operating expenses within 2 accuracy, explaining material variances to expectations and developing recommendations based on understanding of Databricks business model
Build and manage the Technical Field commissions expense forecast, enhancing accuracy by implementing industry best practices and summarizing findings into exec-level reporting
Manage headcount and overall expense budgets, engaging with Technical Field operations to oversee growth and lead strategic discussions regarding tradeoffs
Coordinate with Accounting to manage month end close processes, ensuring accuracy of financial results while developing an understanding variances to budget
Prepare content for monthly analytical presentations, providing executive leadership with strategic insights that further understanding of expense levers, organizational efficiencies, and return on investment
Improve financial processes and implement system improvements to support hyper-growth at scale
Work and build relationships with important partners across Technical Field Operations and senior leaders, Finance, Accounting, HR and Talent Acquisition teams to strengthen processes and produce insights

What we look for:

Bachelors Degree in Business, Accounting, Finance, Economics, or comparable quantitative field.
7 years of FPA, Finance, or related experience (e.g. Investment Banking, Management Consulting), with a focus on technology; familiarity with the software industry and SaaS business-models
Experience working with Go-To-Market organizations (Sales, Technical Pre-Sales, Professional Services), managing complex budgets, knowledge of best practices, and building processes for scale
Capability to build and operate core FPA processes including long range planning, annual planning, quarterly outlooks, and monthly BvA (budget vs actual)
Superb financial modeling skills and quantitative analysis experience, with ability to distill complex subject matter into curated executive summaries
Specific experience designing, implementing, managing, or financially modeling variable compensation plans (commissions) a strong plus
Expert with spreadsheets, and specifically using Google Sheets; can maintain and organize complex spreadsheets, comfortable with wide array of modeling techniques and shortcuts
Strong familiarity and understanding of GAAP and non-GAAP financial metrics
High competency with Anaplan is desired, along with experience in information systems including Netsuite, Salesforce, Coupa, and Workday

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range117,000—207,000 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.