As a GTM Solution Architect, you will support the Industry Technical Directors Field Engineering, and Partners to develop high-quality, industry-aligned assets that help our customers envision solutions that transform their businesses using Machine Learning  AI. You will work closely with Industry GTM Technical Directors, Field Engineering, Professional Services, and Partners (eg. Consulting  System Integrators, ISVs, Cloud Services Providers) to develop, launch, and maintain these solutions.  The job requires programming experience to help in the development and maintenance of the code base, and optimize existing technical frameworks used for the development and testing of these solutions.  A key part of the role will be managing the technical publishing process.  You will report to the Industry GTM Strategy  Programs Director. 
The impact you will have: 

Establish and maintain processes, technical frameworks, and standards for the development of solution accelerators and other technical asset
Develop enablement content to help Field Engineering to position solutions with customers and highlight the most compelling features of the Databricks platform
Maintain existing solution assets, validating the code base runs and ensuring customers can effectively make use of them
Update existing solution assets to showcase new product features and facilitate cross-industry solution sharing
Work with Industry GTM Technical Directors to co-develop strategic, cross-industry solutions (eg. LLM-based) to drive greater adoption with customers
Work with partners and the field to ensure a pipeline of high quality solution accelerators aligned with company priorities and customer needs

What we look for:

Three years or more experience building Data Science solutions in enterprise or consulting settings
Experience with development in Python and SQL on Apache Spark
Experience with program managing solutions and working with cross-functional stakeholders through the development process
Familiar with DevOps methodologies
Familiar with major cloud platforms
Familiar with GitHub
History of self-learning and working through complex solutions

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range162,600—287,600 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.