Req ID FEQ125R8
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.
As a Pre-sales Solutions Architect (Data engineering, analytics, AI, big data, public cloud), you will guide the technical evaluation phase in a hands-on environment throughout the sales process. You will be a key part of the sales team, acting as a technical advisor, and working with the product team as an advocate of your customers in the field. You will help our customers to achieve tangible data-driven outcomes through the use of our Databricks lakehouse platform, establishing a clear architectural vision and identifying compelling use cases, helping our customers realise value. Youll grow as a leader in your field, while finding solutions to our customers biggest challenges in big data, analytics, data engineering and data science problems. You will report to the Senior Manager, Field Engineering.
The impact you will have:

You will be a big data engineering architect covering Data Engineering and Data Science area
Lead your clients through evaluating and adopting the Databricks lakehouse platform
Support your customers by authoring reference architectures, how-tos, and demo applications
Engage with the technical community (both internal and customer) by leading workshops, seminars and meet-ups
Together with your Account Executive, you will form successful relationships with clients throughout your assigned territory to provide technical and business value

What we look for:

Pre- or post-sales experience working with external clients providing thought leadership
We are currently focussing on our Healthcare and Life Sciences vertical sectors and would very much welcome such an experience.
As this is a broad and varied role, you should have proven expertise in data, such as data engineering, architecture or data science
Experience demonstrating technical concepts, including presenting and whiteboarding
Experience designing and implementing architectures within a public cloud (AWS, Azure or GCP)
You will have experience with at least some big data technologies, such as Spark, Hadoop, Cassandra, etc. applied to solutions within data engineering, data science, MLOps and platform migrations
Fluent coding experience in one or more of the following: Python, R, Java or Scala
A minimum of a bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Data Science, or equivalent experience through demonstrable work experience

Benefits

Private medical insurance
Private dental insurance
Health Cash Plan
Life, income protection  critical illness insurance
Pension Plan
Equity awards
Enhanced Parental Leaves
Fitness reimbursement
Annual career development fund
Home office  work headphones reimbursement
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources
Employee referral bonus
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.