GAQ424R25
Candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role: Mountain View, CA, San Francisco, CA, Seattle WA. While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered
We are looking for a Senior Financial Analyst to join the Product Finance team within the FPA organization as Databricks experiences growth at scale. You will report to the Senior Manager of Product Finance and will be a key finance partner who will bring scale to our efforts. As a finance professional who has experienced hyper-growth, you will help the business to be successful by delivering insights through modeling and analysis grounded in financial reality. You will help improve our analysis, planning, and reporting of RD spend, with a focus on cloud costs. You will bring BI  Data Analytics knowledge to help bring scale to our effort. You will be responsible for implementing Anaplan solutions across the organization to help with forecasting and reporting of key metrics.
The impact you will have: 
 Drive controllership of cloud cost reporting, accruals, PO creation and invoice approvals
 Develop and maintain KPI dashboards and identify areas of potential risk and opportunity
 Enhance and automate cloud cost forecasting and develop driver-based models to support product planning and contract negotiations
 Develop automated tracking of KPIs for strategic products and partner with Engineering, Product  Data Science teams to achieve company goals
 Develop Cost Attribution models to help inform drivers of current economics and improve forecasting
 Work and build relationships with partners across the RD organization, finance and accounting teams to deliver improved insights
What we look for: 
 Bachelors Degree in Business, Finance, Economics or comparable quantitative field
 2-5 years of experience with financial modeling  data analytics
 Experience in FPA  Experience with SQL and BI reporting tools like Tableau, Looker, PowerBI
 Experience dealing with cloud costs is a plus
 Experience in Anaplan is a plus
 Expert in Excel and Google Sheets; can maintain complex spreadsheets, comfortable with different modeling techniques and shortcuts
Benefits 


Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision


401(k) Plan


Equity awards


Flexible time off


Paid parental leave


Family Planning


Gym reimbursement


Annual personal development fund


Employee Assistance Program (EAP)


Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range94,300—166,800 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.