SLSQ424R437
Databricks operates at the leading edge of the Data Analytics space with a mission to help companies solve the worlds toughest problems.
We are expanding our Growth Sales Specialist Team and seeking sales professionals looking to further their sales career and build their understanding of how to drive a consumption sales motion at scale.
Reporting to the Sales Development Manager for Growth, the Growth Sales Specialist, will be responsible for driving accelerated growth with our early adoption customers, helping them to onboard onto our Databricks platform and optimize their usage, for the India region. 
The impact you will have:

Be a trusted advisor to organizations early in their data platform journey, by creating a focused and positive customer engagement experience.
Educate and enable prospects and customers in identifying new use cases by developing a point of view and following through to consumption.   
Collaborate with cross functional teams such as our partner ecosystem, marketing and customer enablement teams to provide services and support offerings to our prospects and customers.
Own and be accountable for weekly, monthly and quarterly pipeline and consumption forecast leading to target attainment.
Maintain close alignment with key stakeholder on account progression - Sales Directors, Sales Leadership and Account Executives.

What we look for:

Min 3 or more years experience carrying and exceeding sales targets.
Min 3 or more years experience in an outbound sales motion.
Experience in strategic territory planning and executing within greenfield accounts.
Success in driving upsell and expansion opportunities within an install base of customers.
High-level understanding of cloud technologies.
Passion for cloud, big data and AI with prior success in big data, Cloud, or SaaS sales.
A Data driven and analytical mindset in their decision making process. 
Bachelors Degree.

Benefits

Equity awards
Paid parental leave
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.