SLSQ424R167
While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.
As a Strategic Enterprise Account Executive at Databricks, you are a strategic sales professional experienced in selling into Financial Services accounts. You know how to sell innovation and change through customer vision expansion and can guide deals forward to compress decision cycles. You love understanding a product in depth and are passionate about communicating its value to Customers and System Integrators. Always looking for new opportunities, you will be asked to close new accounts while maintaining existing accounts. Along with the chance to close an exciting deal, we also offer accelerators above 100 quota attainment.
The impact you will have:

Meet with CIOs, IT executives, LOB executives, Program Managers, and other important partners
Close both new accounts and existing accounts
Identify and close quick, small wins while managing longer, complex sales cycles
Exceed activity, pipeline, and revenue targets
Track all customer details including use case, purchase time frames, next steps, and forecasting in Salesforce
Use a solution-based approach to selling and creating value for customers
Promote Databricks enterprise cloud data platform powered by Apache Spark
Ensure 100 satisfaction among all customers
Prioritize opportunities and applying appropriate resources
Build a plan for success internally at Databricks and externally with your accounts

What we look for:

You have previously worked in an early stage company and you know how to navigate and be successful
Field sales experience within big data, Cloud, or SaaS sales
Prior customer relationships with CIOs, program managers, and essential decision makers
Simply articulate intricate cloud technologies
10 years experience exceeding sales quotas
Expertise with financial services institutions preferable
Success closing new accounts while working existing accounts
Understanding of Spark and big data preferable
Passion for cloud technologies
Bachelors Degree

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mental Health Wellness Resources

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range222,400—393,200 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.