P-794
Summary
We are hiring a Senior Staff Software Engineer for Databricks Engineering team reporting to an Engineering Leader.You will be part of the Databricks engineering organization, working with teams that develop Databricks products and features for thousands of enterprises worldwide.
Key Characteristics
As an engineer at Databricks, you will build the next generation distributed data storage and processing systems that can outperform specialized SQL query engines in relational query performance, yet provide the expressiveness and programming abstractions to support diverse workloads ranging from ETL to data science.
Job Description
At Databricks, we are obsessed with enabling data teams to solve the worlds toughest problems, from security threat detection to cancer drug development. We do this by building and running the worlds best data and AI infrastructure platform, so our customers can focus on the high value challenges that are central to their own missions.
Our engineering teams build highly technical products that fulfill real, important needs in the world. We develop and operate one of the largest scale software platforms. The fleet consists of millions of virtual machines, generating terabytes of logs and processing exabytes of data per day. At our scale, we regularly observe cloud hardware, network, and operating system faults, and our software must gracefully shield our customers from any of the above.
The Impact you will have:

Solve real business needs at large scale by applying your software engineering.
Deliver a highly scalable, available, and fault-tolerant engine processing hundreds of TB of data daily across thousands of customers
Low level systems debugging, performance measurement  optimization on large production clusters.
Build architecture design, influence product roadmap, and take ownership and responsibility over new projects.
Introduce tools to allow greater automation and operability of services.
Use your deep experience to help prevent and investigate production issues.
Plan and lead complicated technical projects that work with several teams within the company.
Contribute as a Technical Team Lead by mentoring others, lead sprint planning, delegating work and assignments to team members and participate in project planning.

What we look for:

15 years industry experience building and supporting large-scale distributed systems.
Comfortable working towards a multi-year vision with incremental deliverables.
Motivated by delivering customer value and impact.
Strong foundation in algorithms and data structures and their real-world use cases.
Experience driving company initiatives towards customer satisfaction.
BSMSPhD in Computer Science or related majors, or equivalent experience.

Benefits

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Mental wellness resources 

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Local Pay Range220,400—297,400 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.