MKTQ424R35
While candidates in the listed locations are encouraged for this role, we are open to remote candidates in other locations.
Data and AI are at the foundation of transforming businesses and processes across industries. As organizations look to build differentiation using Data  AI, the key challenge has been siloed tooling leading to reduced pace of innovation and increased costs. Databricks, with its pioneering lakehouse approach, offers a unified solution, where teams across data science and engineering can collaborate to build end-to-end Data  AI solutions faster than ever before.
This Product marketing role will lead marketing for all the data science and developer tools at Databricks - these include Databricks Notebooks, Assistant, and Workspace. You will report to the Senior Director of Product Marketing and develop the marketing strategy for how Databricks can uniquely empower practitioners to build their Data  AI solutions faster. You will work closely with the product team, the sales team as well as the marketing organization to build and execute on the plan to drive the adoption of Databricks data science and developer tools.
The impact you will have:
Own the value proposition, messaging, collateral and GTM for data science (DS) and developer tools and land it across channels - including web, sales, partners and eventsCreate an always-on go-to-market plan, and pilot new programs with a strong focus on winning mindshare to increase awareness (e.g. registrations, downloads, views), demand ( pipeline) and product adoption (usage) of DS  developer toolsBuild a strong and collaborative partnership with our engineering team to create a regular rhythm of landing product news, build value proposition and deliver high impact announcementsIncrease global reach by working with field marketing teams, developer relations, industry, events and partner organization to help scale the business globallyBuild trust with data science and developer audience by publishing 10 new recognizable references in this space within the first year
What we look for:
5 years of experience in developer marketing, product marketing, developer relations, or product management for an enterprise software companyDeep understanding of the data  AI developers (e.g. data engineers, data scientists, ML engineers) and experience in building relevant content for themPortfolio of impactful marketing content, sales enablement materials and always-on GTM with proven results across the marketing funnelExperience with cloud, data analytics, machine learning or AI technologiesExperience presenting at conferences and customer engagementsPreferred BS in Computer Science or Engineering, coupled with MBA
Benefits
Medical, Dental, and Vision401(k) PlanFSA, HSA and Commuter Benefit PlansEquity AwardsFlexible Time OffPaid Parental LeaveFamily PlanningFitness ReimbursementAnnual Career Development FundHome OfficeWork Headphones ReimbursementEmployee Assistance Program (EAP)Business Travel Accident InsuranceMental Wellness Resources
Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range133,400—236,100 USDZone 2 Pay Range120,100—212,500 USDZone 3 Pay Range113,400—200,700 USDZone 4 Pay Range106,700—188,900 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.