SLSQ224R124
Databricks is looking for a Sr. Analyst of Sales Compensation to help support the GTM organization and partner with the Sales Compensation and Sales Operations teams. This will be a very hands-on role, reporting to the Manager of Sales Compensation Design  Analytics, and will support the reporting and analytics of our sales incentive compensation programs.
The impact you will have:

Support the annual compensation planning design cycle from design-to-deployment for all teams on variable incentive plans across all sales organizations at Databricks.
Responsible for the creation of sustainable compensation data and reporting pack to be presented to executive stakeholders.
Maintain an in-depth understanding of all commission plans across the sales organization and be able to effectively communicate rationale, strategy and calculations.
Support measurement, effectiveness and cost of current incentive plans and attainment against the same.
Continually evaluate our Sales Compensation business processes with an eye toward scalability, streamlining, automation, efficiency gains, data accuracy, and business process controls.
Work closely with our centralized Sales Finance teams to define and operationalize reporting on Comp plan metrics.
Monitor changes in plans, SPIFFs, attainment through data analytics and make recommendations by developing an understanding of Databricks business model.

What we look for:

Bachelors Degree in Finance, Business or related field of study
3 years Sales Compensation Design, Enablement andor Operations
Experience with Xactly, Callidus, or other commission software a plus
Previous work experience and working knowledge of sales compensation process and analysis
You are technical and fluent in data. Whether its analyzing data sets with tools like Tableau or SQL queries, or creating complex models and prototype tools, data is a core part of your toolkit
Experience with Xactly, Callidus, or other commission software a plus
Previous work experience and working knowledge of sales compensation process and analysis
Experience working with dynamic sales teams
Excellent written and verbal interactive skills, including the ability to work with management, team, peers, other teams, and partners
Experience implementing scalable processes at a Global level
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.