FEQ224R125
While candidates in the listed location(s) are encouraged for this role, candidates in other locations will be considered.
As a Specialist Solutions Architect and Migration Practice lead on the Field Engineering global migrations team, you will guide customers in migrating existing workloads to Databricks and building data and AI solutions on Databricks that span a large variety of use cases with complexspecialized needs. This is a customer-facing role, working with and supporting the Solution Architects, requiring hands-on production experience with Hadoop, SQL and data warehousing and expertise in other data technologies. Reporting to the Field Engineering Senior Manager, you will collaborate with customers, product teams, and the broader customer-facing teams to develop architectures and solutions using our platform and APIs. You will guide customers through the competitive landscape, best practices, and implementation; and develop technical champions along the way.

In this role, the Hadoop Migration Practice lead will own the strategy and framework for hadoop migrations globally ensuring standardization and scale
The person will also be responsible for conducting initial discovery calls, strategizing with the customer and account teams for the key opportunities directly owned by the individual while providing oversight for others on the broader specialist teams
Be the goto technical expert around both technology platforms - Hadoop and Databricks
Work internally to formulate best practices for Hadoop and enable the broader specialists to be experts at running the Hadoop migration play and work on opportunities independently
Lead the creation of technical assets that can be used in the sales cycle for migration opportunities like demo notebooks, feature analysis, use cases, migration patterns
Help build the Hadoop migration practice with thought leadership by demonstrating a strong understanding and articulating benefits of Lakehouse architecture over legacy Hadoop and data warehouse architecture
Build a strong foundation for the migration practice by defining the framework and its essential components including but not limited to best practices for Hadoop migration, available tooling, technology component mapping, GTM assets and more
Have a thorough understanding of migration implementation and ability to clearly articulate to customer the journey of Hadoop migration, address any gaps in technology mapping and recommend optimal solutions using other cloud services
Have a strong knowledge of current migration solutions available and work on actively pursuing and recommending migration solutionstooling options that can accelerate the Hadoop migrations
Be on top of Databricks product advancements and actively work with the product team in understanding the new features of Lakehouse. Actively feed the product team with the learnings from the field to improve the product and recommend features to be included in the product.

The impact you will have:

Provide technical leadership to guide strategic customers to successful implementations on big data projects, ranging from architectural and security design to development and deployment best practices.
Provide guidance, best practices and oversight for large-scale enterprise data warehouse migrations, serving as a trusted technical advisor to senior tech leads and executives
Become a technical expert in areas such as cloud platforms, data management, performance, and architecture
Assist Solution Architects with more advanced aspects of the technical sale including custom proof of concept content, workload sizing, and custom architectures
Create best practices assets and thought leadership content to be used by the wider field engineering team
Improve community adoption (through tutorials, training, hackathons, conference presentations)

What we look for:

Pre-sales or post-sales experience working with external clients across a variety of industry markets
Ability to design highly performant, scalable, secure and cost effective cloud-based data solutions, and articulate architectures and design choices to customers senior stakeholders.
Experience with design and implementation of a broad range of data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL, OLTP, OLAP, and ETLELT.
Hands-on experience working with MPP data warehouse appliances (Oracle Exadata, Teradata, IBM Netezza, []) or cloud data warehouses (Amazon Redshift, Azure Synapse, Snowflake)
Familiarity with common data modelling methodologies such as dimensional modelling, Data Vault, Inmon
Extensive knowledge and experience in SQL language or any SQL dialect (PLSQL, Transact-SQL, etc.)
Experience with BI tools such Power BI, Tableau, Qlik, or others
Deep knowledge of development tools and best practices for data engineers including CICD, unit and integration testing, plus automation and orchestration
Production programming experience in one or more of the following languages - Python, Scala, or R
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or equivalent work experience

Benefits 

Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range180,700—319,700 USDZone 2 Pay Range180,700—319,700 USDZone 3 Pay Range180,700—319,700 USDZone 4 Pay Range180,700—319,700 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.