SLSQ224R128Databricks operates at the leading edge of the Data Analytics space with a mission to help companies solve the worlds toughest problems.
We are expanding our Business Development Team (BDRs) at Databricks and are looking for a leader to manage and grow our BDR team in Japan and South Korea to accelerate our business in the region.
Reporting to the Sales Development Director, APJ, you will be an important contributor to our sales leadership team, lead recruiting activities, create and execute pipeline generation strategies and provide constructive coaching for our BDRs.
You will have experience in delivering pipeline targets, enabling teams to succeed and working with multiple cross-functional stakeholders.
The impact you will have:

Take the primary leadership role in building and developing an outstanding team
Shape strategy for pipeline generation within Japan
Manage your teams forecastpipeline targets and be active in coaching team members to be successful
Work with regional sales and marketing leaders to maximise the contribution of the team
Analyse team performance and funnel data metrics for continuous improvements 
Help create a place where people love coming to work by maintaining a high level of enthusiasm and performance

What we look for:

Minimum of 3 years people management experience 
Full sales cycle experience advantageous 
Experience as both an inbound (SDR) and outbound (BDR) Team Manager with consistent overachievement against quota
Experience growing a sales development team by recruiting and developing SDRsBDRs, focused on giving people the training and support that they need to succeed
Experience with sales tools such as Salesforce, Outreach.io, ZoomInfo and TryProspect would be advantageous 
A Data driven and analytical mindset in their decision making process
Passion for cloud, big data and AI

Benefits

Benefits allowance
Equity awards
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Business travel insurance
Mental wellness resources
About Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.