SLSQ424R390
We are looking for a high-energy, driven, and talented Senior Program Manager to drive GTM Programs. The scope of coverage is to program manage top company priorities across the company in order to drive GTM outcomes pertaining to themes such as horizontal programs, product adoption, industry initiatives, competitive positioning, and financial performance.
This role sits within the Sales Programs team. Sales Programs is an operational function that works directly with our Sales Teams to ensure they are always targeting the right areas to which to sell. We help to bridge the gap between Sales and Data Science by guiding our Sales Teams to sell more intelligently and more effectively, using data as a basis for all our decisions. We use our expertise and Business Intelligence tools to ensure our different Products and Regions are always reaching their full potential. 
Deliverables take the form of building and coordinating all aspects of a program, including: detailed project plans, resource allocations, risksissues remediation, status reporting, and serving as the primary go-to person for project details. The successful candidate will regularly brief executives and own various cross-functional initiatives, and maintain deep, end-to-end understanding of the business objective of their program.
The impact you will have:

Lead multiple concurrent projects and programs varying in sizescopecomplexity, spanning across several different teams and organizations.
Be sought after by leadership for the real story and craft communications that can be consumed at different levels of the organization  from executive-level presentations to materials consumed by engineeringprogram teams.
Help shape the cross-functional team structure and manage the teams work streams
Analyze and track objectives  establish an ongoing refresh cadence of all relevant content
Drive partnership between Sales Programs and our business partners, to find opportunities for increased optimization and effectiveness in our existing processes and models
Maintains a consistent communications cadence and connects at all levels of stakeholders in formal updates and informal networking

What we look for:

8 years experience in a similar programs role or Program or Project Management, Sales Strategy, Consulting, Sales Programs, or Sales Operations in a high tech environment. Combination of these an advantage.
Strong leadership, networking, relationship-building, communication and influencing skills.
Must be able to network across the company and to buildmanage cross-functional virtual teams.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills and quantitative approach to solving problems.
Strong organizational ability, experienced in planning and managing a systematic approach
Proactive, creative and innovative thinker. Must be able to generate consistently new ideas for driving and supporting divisional priorities 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Self-motivated, organized, detail-oriented, and resourceful.
Highly collaborative style with strong influence skills
Flexibility and ability to adjust on the fly to new demands; sense of urgency
Assertiveness, directness, and a company first mentality
BSBA required

Benefits 


Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision


401(k) Plan


Equity awards


Flexible time off


Paid parental leave


Family Planning


Gym reimbursement


Annual personal development fund


Employee Assistance Program (EAP)


Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range126,800—224,200 USDZone 2 Pay Range114,100—201,800 USDZone 3 Pay Range107,800—190,600 USDZone 4 Pay Range101,400—179,400 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.