




CSQ424R233
Delivery Solutions Architect at Databricks serve as the trusted technical advisors for our customers. They improve value, offer advice, and grow accounts. At Databricks we work on some of the most complex distributed processing systems and our customers challenge us with interesting new big-data processing requirements. As the complexity grows for both us and our customers, we are looking to our Delivery Solutions Architects to strategize and lead customers to solutions. This is done with use case discovery, Databricks evangelism, and oftentimes teaching the product to new users. A Delivery Solutions Architect must be ready to work and have technical discussions with data scientists and engineers, then demonstrate the value of Databricks in business discussions with company executives. The goal is to help our customers to become successful and enthusiastic Databricks champions. Armed with customer insight, a Delivery Solutions Architect must work with the sales, product, engineering, support, and marketing teams.
The impact you will have:

You will manage the customer lifecycle for an assigned number of accounts. You will need to build relationships with them and engage by presenting product roadmaps and executive briefings, running QBRs, managing escalations, and conducting regular status calls.
Learn and become a Databricks  Spark expert! Customers will look to you for advice and expertise.
Strategize and identify new use cases to grow accounts. Find areas where Databricks can provide the most value to increase renewals.
Engage with the product team to guide customer requests and establish our roadmap.
Work with the technical support team and other core Databricks teams to ensure that customer requests and escalations are resolved.
Identify and achieve targets on renewal rates, customer satisfaction, expansions, upsells, and new opportunities in assigned accounts.
Develop Databricks champions and produce customer references for the marketing team.
Be a true proponent of customer advocacy.
You will inspire, mentor and coach other team members.

What we look for:

Minimum 7 years experience working in customer-facing technical roles (in Customer Success, consulting, or related discipline)
Experience at a SaaS company or with cloud architectures
Languages: Python and SQL
Familiarity with the end-to-end data analytics workflow
Program andor Project management experience in a post sales or implementation environment
Experience with databases and data warehousing
Problem solving skills, those that apply to a big data environment
Some travel may be involved depending on customers needs.
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field.

Nice to have:

Domain experience with Manufacturing, Retail, Health and Life Sciences, Communication and Media experience
Fluency with cloud services such as AWS or Azure
Fluency with distributed streaming platforms (Kafka, Kinesis)
Experience working with large-scale data processing services (Hadoop)
Background in machine learning or working with ML tools and services.

Benefits



Comprehensive health coverage including medical, dental, and vision
401(k) Plan
Equity awards
Flexible time off
Paid parental leave
Family Planning
Gym reimbursement
Annual personal development fund
Work headphones reimbursement
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Business travel accident insurance
Mental wellness resources



 
 





Pay Range Transparency
Databricks is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The pay range(s) for this role is listed below and represents base salary range for non-commissionable roles or on-target earnings for commissionable roles.  Actual compensation packages are based on several factors that are unique to each candidate, including but not limited to job-related skills, depth of experience, relevant certifications and training, and specific work location. Based on the factors above, Databricks utilizes the full width of the range. The total compensation package for this position may also include eligibility for annual performance bonus, equity, and the benefits listed above. For more information regarding which range your location is in visit our page here.
 Zone 1 Pay Range111,760—197,840 USDZone 2 Pay Range111,760—197,840 USDZone 3 Pay Range111,760—197,840 USDZone 4 Pay Range111,760—197,840 USDAbout Databricks
Databricks is the data and AI company. More than 9,000 organizations worldwide — including Comcast, Cond Nast, and over 50 of the Fortune 500 — rely on the Databricks Lakehouse Platform to unify their data, analytics and AI. Databricks is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices around the globe. Founded by the original creators of Apache Spark, Delta Lake and MLflow, Databricks is on a mission to help data teams solve the worlds toughest problems. To learn more, follow Databricks on Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.
 
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
At Databricks, we are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive culture where everyone can excel. We take great care to ensure that our hiring practices are inclusive and meet equal employment opportunity standards. Individuals looking for employment at Databricks are considered without regard to age, color, disability, ethnicity, family or marital status, gender identity or expression, language, national origin, physical and mental ability, political affiliation, race, religion, sexual orientation, socio-economic status, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.
 
Compliance
If access to export-controlled technology or source code is required for performance of job duties, it is within Employers discretion whether to apply for a U.S. government license for such positions, and Employer may decline to proceed with an applicant on this basis alone.