About DAT
DAT is an award-winning employer of choice and a next-generation SaaS technology company that has been at the leading edge of innovation in transportation supply chain logistics for 45 years. We continue to transform the industry year over year, by deploying a suite of software solutions to millions of customers every day - customers who depend on DAT for the most relevant data and most accurate insights to help them make smarterbusiness decisions and run their companies more profitably. We operate the largest marketplace of its kind in North America, with 400 million freights posted in 2022, and a database of 150 billion of annual global shipment market transaction data. Our headquarters are in Denver, CO, with additional offices in Missouri, Oregon, and Bangalore, India. For additional information, see www.DAT.comcompany.
     

The Opportunity
DAT is looking for a Compliance Representative to join our Network Governance Team in Bangalore, India. Youll bring your compliance experience and strong customer service skills to a next-generation SaaS technology company that has been at the leading edge of innovation in transportation supply chain logistics for 43 years.
Candidate Profile

Organized and detail-oriented, with strong communication skills.
Able to identify and resolve customer issues through a high degree of active listening skills and product knowledge.
Consistently produces high-quality work, while maintaining excellent documentation.
Advanced customer service skills and a passion for helping customers.
Skilled at handling difficult situations and potentially upset customers.

What Youll Do

Handle inbound compliance related calls and emails.
Review requests for service for new and existing accounts.
Confirm customer eligibility for service, approve those that meet the established criteria and deny those that do not.
Monitor credit reviews on new and existing accounts.
Research new accounts, verifying that accounts are eligible for service, based on criteria established by DAT and the Federal Highway Administration.
Verify and validate broker and carrier authority.
Facilitate disagreements between customers. Act as a liaison in and effort to resolve disputes and collect funds on behalf of carriers.
Maintain complete customer records, accurately update changes to customer records.
Own the Customer Experience, by professionalism, initiative and follow through.
Be the Voice of the Customer, by sharing customer feedback to help improve DAT products and services.
Share potential sales opportunities with DAT Sales.
Provide backup support to other Product Support teams by taking inbound calls, emails and chats.

The Skills and Experience Youll Bring

2-3 years of experience in a phone queue, professional office environment, working with customers and performing record keeping duties.
Direct experience capturing and verifying details related to insurance or trucking broker and carrier authority is highly desired.
A high degree of accuracy and attention to detail is essential.
Adept at multitasking and prioritizing, so work is performed in an efficient and timely manner.
Excellent customer service and communication skills, in person, by phone, and email.
A team player with a positive attitude.
Reliability, punctuality, and a professional appearance.
Any bachelors degree in relevant field.

DAT embraces the value of a diverse workforce, and believes it is a core strength of our company that we encourage those values in every DAT employee, at every level of our organization, regardless of tenure or rank. We provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.
LI-SC1
 