About Demandbase: 
Demandbase is the Smarter GTM company for B2B brands. We help B2B companies hit their revenue goals using fewer resources. How? By aligning their sales and marketing teams around a combination of their data, our data, and artificial intelligence — what we call Account Intelligence — so they can identify, engage, and focus their time and money on the accounts most likely to buy. 
As a company, were as committed to growing careers as we are to building world-class technology. We invest heavily in people, our culture, and the community around us. We have offices in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and India, as well as a team in the UK, and allow employees to work remotely. We have also been continuously recognized as one of the best places to work in the San Francisco Bay Area including, Best Workplaces for Millennials and Best Workplaces for Parents!
Were committed to attracting, developing, retaining, and promoting a diverse workforce. By ensuring that every Demandbase employee is able to bring a diversity of talents to work, were increasingly capable of living out our mission to transform how B2B goes to market. We encourage people from historically underrepresented backgrounds and all walks of life to apply. Come grow with us at Demandbase!
 
About the Role:
We are looking for a Principal Product Designer to join our Product Design Team in San Francisco, CA (hybrid). This role will help build the foundation of all Demandbase products through the creation of intuitive, user centered products that satisfy the needs of our customers. You will be a lead contributor in establishing Demandbase as the industry leader in Go To Market technology. Your portfolio presentation should demonstrate strong storytelling skills and a command of best practices and the principles of design.
The compensation range for this role is: 165,240 - 233,280
Who you are

You have a passion for complex problems and tools. You understand the goals and processes of engineers, data scientists, and analysts.
You get excited about data. You can help our users ingest, explore, and understand their enterprise-scale data. You should have experience working with data-heavy applications, data storytelling, and complex data-oriented use cases.
You are great at collaborating. You share work early and often and seek constructive feedback from product stakeholders, and the product design team.

What youll be doing:

Make a substantial impact by raising the design bar and leading by example.  
You will do phenomenal work and help others  on the team learn how you do it. 
You will not just design individual features, youll help define the long-term strategy for important aspects of our business. 
Work in close collaboration with our VP, Product Design  to inform and improve our design processes.
Work cross-functionally with Product and Engineering partners to represent the design team, facilitate design discussions, and give feedback in planning and product channels. 
Mentor, grow and support other members of the design team.
Partner with engineering to ensure that implementation meets our quality standards. 
Build and iterate on features, and drive the capabilities of Demandbase in accordance with our company vision.
Solicit feedback from your peers, including other product designers and teammates in your product area. 
Experienced at working with customers and product managers to translate high-level requirements and use cases into detailed product designs and UI components. 
Accountable for design quality and cohesion across all product teams, and actively engages other designers to help maintain consistency. 
Collaborative, sharing work early and often and encouraging peers to seek out constructive feedback from their manager, stakeholders, teams, and the Product Design team. 
Able to identify design problems and develop elegant solutions. 
Lead the larger product design team to define and maintain UIUX standards that will ensure uniformity across all Demandbase products. 
Represents design thinking in discussions with product stakeholders, assesses design needs for projects, works with product managers to the scope and refine projects. 
Innovative with your problem-solving, adding new styles and patterns that are consistent with our product offerings at large.
Very strong experience using Figma, and using design systems to maintain consistency. 
Detail-oriented, striving for pixel perfection with consideration for the holistic user experience across all Demandbase products and tools.

 
What you should have

10 years of experience in an individual contributor role, on a Product Design team.
Solid understanding of building usable, accessible, and modular designs that can scale to millions of users.
Experience in working and collaborating with diverse teams in a dynamic, rapid growth environment.
Experience working with Product Managers to develop the strategy and rationale for features.
Experience with prototyping as a means to explore and convey design solutions.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
Ability to communicate design changes in a manner that helps stakeholders understand and relate.
Ability to iterate on designs and solutions efficiently and intelligently.
A willingness to help and share knowledge with other team members.
An insatiable appetite for feedback and constructive criticism.
Expert level expertise with UX tools such as Figma.
The ability to anticipate needs and take required actions.
Strong project management capabilities.

 
Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Demandbase
At Demandbase, we believe in creating a workplace culture that values and celebrates diversity in all its forms. We recognize that everyone brings unique experiences, perspectives, and identities to the table, and we are committed to building a community where everyone feels valued, respected, and supported. Discrimination of any kind is not tolerated, and we strive to ensure that every individual has an equal opportunity to succeed and grow, regardless of their gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, background, marital status, genetic information, education level, veteran status, national origin, or any other protected status. We do not automatically disqualify applicants with criminal records and will consider each applicant on a case-by-case basis.
We recognize that not all candidates will have every skill or qualification listed in this job description. If you feel you have the level of experience to be successful in the role, we encourage you to apply!
We acknowledge that true diversity and inclusion require ongoing effort, and we are committed to doing the work required to make our workplace a safe and equitable space for all. Join us in building a community where we can learn from each other, celebrate our differences, and work together.
 Personal information that you submit will be used by Demandbase for recruiting and other business purposes. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use personal information.