Introduction to Demandbase: 
Demandbase is the Smarter GTM company for B2B brands. We help B2B companies hit their revenue goals using fewer resources. How? By aligning their sales and marketing teams around a combination of their data, our data, and artificial intelligence — what we call Account Intelligence — so they can identify, engage, and focus their time and money on the accounts most likely to buy. 
As a company, were as committed to growing careers as we are to building world-class technology. We invest heavily in people, our culture, and the community around us. We have offices in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and India, as well as a team in the UK, and allow employees to work remotely. We have also been continuously recognized as one of the best places to work in the San Francisco Bay Area including, Best Workplaces for Millennials and Best Workplaces for Parents!
Were committed to attracting, developing, retaining, and promoting a diverse workforce. By ensuring that every Demandbase employee is able to bring a diversity of talents to work, were increasingly capable of living out our mission to transform how B2B goes to market. We encourage people from historically underrepresented backgrounds and all walks of life to apply. Come grow with us at Demandbase!
About the Role:
Demandbase is searching for Software Engineers who are creative, highly motivated, and enthusiastic to join our dynamic Product Development team. In this role, you will thrive in a fast-paced, agile environment, contributing to the construction and delivery of key features for our application. This presents a remarkable opportunity to collaborate with a talented, high-energy, and innovative team that is dedicated to building a world-class product. We value diversity and inclusivity, welcoming individuals from all backgrounds who share our vision of a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you possess curiosity, passion, and a collaborative spirit, we invite you to join us in propelling the world forward together. We are seeking individuals who excel in the fundamentals, have a strong willingness to learn, and possess an unwavering desire to follow through with excellence in their work. While our primary technology stack includes Java and JavaScript, we prioritize fundamental skills over specific tools or languages. At Demandbase engineering, we focus on the core principles that drive success rather than the specific tools you may already know.
What youl be doing:

Design and implement highly scalable features which help solve Sales and Marketing related problems for companies all around the world
Help junior engineers in writing high quality and extremely efficient code
Work with experienced Architects and Principal Engineers in ways to improve the architecture using latest technologies and libraries along with AWS Cloud Products
Work closely with Product Management to understand customer needs and convert them into technical solutions
Develop unit tests and participate in creation of automated tests alongside testing team to continuously improve test coverage and software reliability
Contribute to organization standards and best practices, along with automation improvements in our CICD pipelines

What were looking for:

Active listener who can grow ideas
Ability to learn new technologies, software, and concepts quickly
Confident and articulate with excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent communication skills, and the ability to work effectively with others in small, high-performance teams
Deliver with speed and on-time maintaining a high-quality code base

Skills  Education:

Keen interest to learn new skill sets and ability to learn new technologies, software, and concepts quickly
Strong knowledge of REST APIs and robust Microservices Architecture
Experience with any NoSQL Database
Strong knowledge about Java 11, Spring, Hibernate, any DBMS.
Good knowledge on testing frameworks - JUnit, Mockito, Test-Driven Development (TDD) is plus
Strong understanding of data structures and algorithms, design patterns andObject-oriented programming concepts
Excellent communication skills, and the ability to work effectively with others in small, high-performance teams
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or relevantequivalent technical discipline

Experience:

4 years of experience preferably in software product companies
2 years of experience in designing  developing scalable web applications

Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Demandbase
At Demandbase, we believe in creating a workplace culture that values and celebrates diversity in all its forms. We recognize that everyone brings unique experiences, perspectives, and identities to the table, and we are committed to building a community where everyone feels valued, respected, and supported. Discrimination of any kind is not tolerated, and we strive to ensure that every individual has an equal opportunity to succeed and grow, regardless of their gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, background, marital status, genetic information, education level, veteran status, national origin, or any other protected status. We do not automatically disqualify applicants with criminal records and will consider each applicant on a case-by-case basis.
We recognize that not all candidates will have every skill or qualification listed in this job description. If you feel you have the level of experience to be successful in the role, we encourage you to apply!
We acknowledge that true diversity and inclusion require ongoing effort, and we are committed to doing the work required to make our workplace a safe and equitable space for all. Join us in building a community where we can learn from each other, celebrate our differences, and work together.
 Personal information that you submit will be used by Demandbase for recruiting and other business purposes. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use personal information.