Introduction to Demandbase: 
Demandbase is the Smarter GTM company for B2B brands. We help B2B companies hit their revenue goals using fewer resources. How? By aligning their sales and marketing teams around a combination of their data, our data, and artificial intelligence — what we call Account Intelligence — so they can identify, engage, and focus their time and money on the accounts most likely to buy. 
As a company, were as committed to growing careers as we are to building world-class technology. We invest heavily in people, our culture, and the community around us. We have offices in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and India, as well as a team in the UK, and allow employees to work remotely. We have also been continuously recognized as one of the best places to work in the San Francisco Bay Area including, Best Workplaces for Millennials and Best Workplaces for Parents!
Were committed to attracting, developing, retaining, and promoting a diverse workforce. By ensuring that every Demandbase employee is able to bring a diversity of talents to work, were increasingly capable of living out our mission to transform how B2B goes to market. We encourage people from historically underrepresented backgrounds and all walks of life to apply. Come grow with us at Demandbase!
About the Role:
Demandbase is seeking creative, highly motivated, enthusiastic engineer individuals to be part of our product development team. You will work in a fast paced agile environment to build and deliver key features of the application. This is a great opportunity to work with a talented, high energy and creative team focused on building a world-class product. Our technology stack is primarily in JavaJavascript and while experience with these languages is great, its not a necessity. Demandbase engineering focuses on fundamentals, not the toolslanguages that you already know.
We welcome people from all backgrounds who seek the opportunity to help build a future where everyone and everything can move independently. If you have the curiosity, passion, and collaborative spirit, work with us, and lets move the world forward, together. Were looking for people who are excellent at fundamentals, have willingness to learn, and have an unstoppable desire to follow through with the job. 
What youll be doing:

Design, Model and Implement data analysis and analytics solutions.
Be a hands on individual contributor for data projects in high-level design, analysis, experiments, data architecture and data modeling.
Support ETL pipeline modules  by designing state of art transformations, data cleaning, matching , reportsdashboards  and statistical analysis
Hands on with analysis techniques  segmentation, regressions, clustering, data profiling to analyze trends and report key performance indicators.
Team player to build large scale, high availability, fault tolerant data analytics platform - Apache Spark ecosystem, Data Visualization and Advanced Analytics.
Work closely with cross functional teams in an Agile environment

What were looking for:

You are a strong analytical and problem solving skills
You are self-motivated learner
You are eager to learn new technologies
You are receptive to constructive feedback
You are Confident and articulate with excellent written and verbal communication skills
You are open to work in small development environment

Skills  Education:

Bachelors or masters degree in computer science, Mathematics, Statistics from a top engineering institution.
Practical experience in handling complex analytics projects and experience in advanced SQL for data analysis.
4 years of Data Engineering experience in building enterprise dataanalytics solutions.
Data stewardship to continually improve the quality of data and information including accuracy, integrity , relevance to the business.
Strong practical experience in Databases, Advanced SQL  PythonR.
Very good understanding of Data strategies, articulate data analysis  data model design and evolve data products according to business requirements.
Benchmark data systems, Analyze workflow bottlenecks and propose robust data solutions to eliminate them.
Good to have experience in designingimplementing  ETL data pipelines using open source platforms.
Good to have exposure to big data emerging technologies like Hive, Red Shift (DWH), Hbase, Apache Spark and integration with enterprise visualization framework.

Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Demandbase
At Demandbase, we believe in creating a workplace culture that values and celebrates diversity in all its forms. We recognize that everyone brings unique experiences, perspectives, and identities to the table, and we are committed to building a community where everyone feels valued, respected, and supported. Discrimination of any kind is not tolerated, and we strive to ensure that every individual has an equal opportunity to succeed and grow, regardless of their gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, background, marital status, genetic information, education level, veteran status, national origin, or any other protected status. We do not automatically disqualify applicants with criminal records and will consider each applicant on a case-by-case basis.
We recognize that not all candidates will have every skill or qualification listed in this job description. If you feel you have the level of experience to be successful in the role, we encourage you to apply!
We acknowledge that true diversity and inclusion require ongoing effort, and we are committed to doing the work required to make our workplace a safe and equitable space for all. Join us in building a community where we can learn from each other, celebrate our differences, and work together.Personal information that you submit will be used by Demandbase for recruiting and other business purposes. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use personal information.