Introduction to Demandbase: 
Demandbase is the Smarter GTM company for B2B brands. We help B2B companies hit their revenue goals using fewer resources. How? By aligning their sales and marketing teams around a combination of their data, our data, and artificial intelligence — what we call Account Intelligence — so they can identify, engage, and focus their time and money on the accounts most likely to buy. 
As a company, were as committed to growing careers as we are to building world-class technology. We invest heavily in people, our culture, and the community around us. We have offices in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and India, as well as a team in the UK, and allow employees to work remotely. We have also been continuously recognized as one of the best places to work in the San Francisco Bay Area including, Best Workplaces for Millennials and Best Workplaces for Parents!
Were committed to attracting, developing, retaining, and promoting a diverse workforce. By ensuring that every Demandbase employee is able to bring a diversity of talents to work, were increasingly capable of living out our mission to transform how B2B goes to market. We encourage people from historically underrepresented backgrounds and all walks of life to apply. Come grow with us at Demandbase!
About the Role:
Demandbase is seeking an accomplished and visionary Senior Director of Customer Education to lead and drive our public and paid customer training and enablement initiatives. The charter of this role is to build a scalable enablement program that drives high velocity customer enablement and adoption throughout their journey, reducing barriers to learning Demandbase by building and delivering world-class learning resources for all of our personas. The ideal candidate will bring a minimum of 10 years of experience in B2B SaaS environments, coupled with a deep understanding of customer success, training methodologies, and B2B technology solutions. The Senior Director of Customer Enablement will play a pivotal role in continuing to develop and expand our Enablement programs to ensure our customers maximize the value of their partnership with Demandbase. This role is responsible for overseeing technical training content development (ILT and Digital Learning), certification, LMS administration, and direct delivery of education services.
The base compensation range for this role (excluding bonus) is: 200,000 - 260,000
What youll be doing:

Develop and execute a strategic vision for the Customer Enablement department, aligned with Demandbases overall business objectives and growth strategies.
Build, coach, and retain an exceptional team of talented professionals.
Develop monetized service offerings for LMS platforms and virtual classrooms.
Provide direction and create growth and development plans 
Lead and mentor a high-performing team responsible for Content development, e-learning design and creation, office hours and live training.
Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams including sales, product, customer success, and professional services to ensure a seamless customer journey.
Partner closely with Support and Revenue Enablement to proactively define content priorities based on customer pain points and company priorities while also actively developing economies of scale from content. 
Design and implement comprehensive learning journeys by persona to ensure customers achieve rapid time-to-value and successful product adoption through video content, webinars, campaigns and certification programs that align with internal and external stakeholder goals.
Create and deliver engaging training programs, workshops, and resources to empower customers with the knowledge and skills to maximize their use of Demandbase solutions.
Pivot Customer Enablement from pure mindshare objectives to include financial metrics of success. 
Partner with product and engineering teams to provide customer feedback and insights that contribute to product enhancements and innovation.
Develop and monitor key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure the effectiveness and impact of customer enablement initiatives, making data-driven decisions to optimize programs.
Establish strong relationships with customers, acting as a strategic advisor to understand their unique needs and challenges, and proactively identifying opportunities to drive value.
Stay abreast of industry trends, best practices, emerging technologies and evolving innovation through AI in customer enablement, incorporating them into the customer enablement strategy.

What were looking for:

Minimum of 7 years of progressive experience in customer enablement or education
Progressive thought leader in knowledge, learning and enablement, with outstanding skills in shaping and then realizing a broad portfolio - vision, strategy, goals, architecture, people, tools, metrics and process.
Proven track record of developing and scaling customer enablement programs that drive product adoption and customer satisfaction.
Deep understanding of B2B SaaS environments, technology solutions, and customer success methodologies.
Excellent leadership skills, with a history of building and leading high-performing teams.
Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to effectively engage with customers, executives, and cross-functional teams.
Strong project management capabilities, with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple initiatives simultaneously.
Data-driven mindset with the ability to analyze performance metrics and make informed decisions.
Strategic thinker with the ability to translate business goals into actionable customer enablement strategies.
Adaptability in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, with the ability to drive change and innovation.

Benefits:
Our benefits include options for up to 100 paid Medical and Vision premiums for employees, flexible PTO policy, no internal meeting Fridays, Modern Health mental wellness platform, and 11 paid holidays and 2 additional weeks where all Demandbase employees take off (the week of July 4th and the week of Thanksgiving). Plus 401(k), short-termlong-term disability, life insurance, and all those good things.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Demandbase
At Demandbase, we believe in creating a workplace culture that values and celebrates diversity in all its forms. We recognize that everyone brings unique experiences, perspectives, and identities to the table, and we are committed to building a community where everyone feels valued, respected, and supported. Discrimination of any kind is not tolerated, and we strive to ensure that every individual has an equal opportunity to succeed and grow, regardless of their gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, background, marital status, genetic information, education level, veteran status, national origin, or any other protected status. We do not automatically disqualify applicants with criminal records and will consider each applicant on a case-by-case basis.
We recognize that not all candidates will have every skill or qualification listed in this job description. If you feel you have the level of experience to be successful in the role, we encourage you to apply!
We acknowledge that true diversity and inclusion require ongoing effort, and we are committed to doing the work required to make our workplace a safe and equitable space for all. Join us in building a community where we can learn from each other, celebrate our differences, and work together.Personal information that you submit will be used by Demandbase for recruiting and other business purposes. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use personal information.