About Demandbase: 
Demandbase is the Smarter GTM company for B2B brands. We help B2B companies hit their revenue goals using fewer resources. How? By aligning their sales and marketing teams around a combination of their data, our data, and artificial intelligence — what we call Account Intelligence — so they can identify, engage, and focus their time and money on the accounts most likely to buy. 
As a company, were as committed to growing careers as we are to building world-class technology. We invest heavily in people, our culture, and the community around us. We have offices in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and India, as well as a team in the UK, and allow employees to work remotely. We have also been continuously recognized as one of the best places to work in the San Francisco Bay Area including, Best Workplaces for Millennials and Best Workplaces for Parents!
Were committed to attracting, developing, retaining, and promoting a diverse workforce. By ensuring that every Demandbase employee is able to bring a diversity of talents to work, were increasingly capable of living out our mission to transform how B2B goes to market. We encourage people from historically underrepresented backgrounds and all walks of life to apply. Come grow with us at Demandbase!
About the Role:
Demandbase is actively seeking creative, highly motivated, and enthusiastic engineers to join our dynamic Product Development team. As a valued member of our team, you will thrive in a fast-paced, agile environment, contributing to the construction and delivery of key features for our cutting-edge application. This presents a unique opportunity to collaborate with a talented, high-energy, and innovative group dedicated to building a world-class product. If you possess an inquisitive nature, a passion for your craft, and a collaborative spirit, we invite you to join us in making a positive impact on the world. We value individuals who excel in the fundamentals, demonstrate a strong appetite for learning, and exhibit an unwavering commitment to delivering exceptional results. While experience in Java and JavaScript is highly valued in our technology stack, we are open to considering candidates with a strong foundation in other languages as well.
What youll be doing:

Identify and leverage metrics that allow us to ensure and improve our release, quality process  and time-to-market of our suite of software solutions
Increase contributor and developer productivity by making measurement-driven improvements to the development tools  workflow  processes, then monitor the results, and iterate.
Create actionable, concise, and presentable data visualizations.
Continuously improve the accuracy and efficiency of Engineering Departments performance and quality indicators.

Requirements:

A Bachelors degree in computer science, computer engineering, or a related field.
Excellent designing and programming skills.
Knowledge of programming languages( Java or C)  and process management methodology.
Knowledge of test methodologies and their corresponding tools viz., RestAssured, Selenium, Karate, etc.
Experience in testing complex API and web applications
Exposure to Behaviour Driven Development and experience in programming and testing.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Good time management and organizational skills.
The ability to keep current with the constantly changing technology industry.
A passion for testing, development, and design.

Nice to Have:

Experience building developer tools that improve developer velocity, code quality and code health (e.g., compilers, automated releases, code design and testing, test automation frameworks).
2 years of experience working in a complex, matrixed organization involving cross-functional, andor cross-business projects.

Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Demandbase
At Demandbase, we believe in creating a workplace culture that values and celebrates diversity in all its forms. We recognize that everyone brings unique experiences, perspectives, and identities to the table, and we are committed to building a community where everyone feels valued, respected, and supported. Discrimination of any kind is not tolerated, and we strive to ensure that every individual has an equal opportunity to succeed and grow, regardless of their gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, background, marital status, genetic information, education level, veteran status, national origin, or any other protected status. We do not automatically disqualify applicants with criminal records and will consider each applicant on a case-by-case basis.
We recognize that not all candidates will have every skill or qualification listed in this job description. If you feel you have the level of experience to be successful in the role, we encourage you to apply!
We acknowledge that true diversity and inclusion require ongoing effort, and we are committed to doing the work required to make our workplace a safe and equitable space for all. Join us in building a community where we can learn from each other, celebrate our differences, and work together.Personal information that you submit will be used by Demandbase for recruiting and other business purposes. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use personal information.