Introduction to Demandbase: 
Demandbase is the Smarter GTM company for B2B brands. We help B2B companies hit their revenue goals using fewer resources. How? By aligning their sales and marketing teams around a combination of their data, our data, and artificial intelligence — what we call Account Intelligence — so they can identify, engage, and focus their time and money on the accounts most likely to buy. 
About the Role:
The Sales Development Representative is an individual contributor role reporting to a Manager of Sales Development. You will play a critical role in expanding our presence in the market and converting prospects into Demandbase Sales opportunities. Account-Based Marketing is one of the fastest-growing and hottest sectors in digital marketing and you will play a key part in expanding the Demandbase presence as the pioneer and leader in this space.
Youll work closely with the direct sales team to ensure a seamless transition of opportunities. SDRs are measured by opportunity generation and will be given the flexibility to create a book of business of your own. We encourage account development through outbound prospecting, social selling, networking, attending trade shows and field marketing events, and any sales activity that would contribute to expanding the Demandbase brand. In summary, you will be the first line of engagement with future customers and will have an impact on the success of Demandbase as an organization.
The base compensation range for this role is: 49,500 - 70,000 which does not include bonusvariable pay.
We are moving to a hub-based hiring model, and will only be hiring new SDRs in the SF Bay Area, Austin, or the NYC metro, with the expectation that SDRs will be hybridonsite starting in 2024. This position will be fully remote for at least the next six months.
What were looking for:

1-2 years of SAAS SDR or high volume, outbound sales experience
Current resident of Austin, Atlanta, Bay Area, or NYC metro
Knowledge of Go-To-Market systems and strategies at a base level
Excellent communication skills  tonality
Strong technical abilities (this is a sales role but our platform has a lot of technical elements and we are looking for people that are comfortable with technology and computers)
The ability to tell a vivid story consistently
Growth Mindset  extreme curiosity in everything that you do
Strong organizational and time management skills
Adaptability to any situation and incredible listening skills focused on processing what you hear and responding thoughtfully vs. hearing what is said but being focused on what you are going to say next
Bonuses: Experience with Salesforce, Outreach, Gong, LinkedIn  LinkedIn Sales Navigator, andor Lavender

What youll be doing:

Manage a high volume of daily outbound emails and calls to prospects  accounts
Create personalized emails to engage prospects  accounts
Utilize social selling techniques to expand the network and open up new opportunities
Process unqualified inquiries to prequalified opportunities
Provide exceptional customer service to inbound inquiries
Be a part of a greater team of SDRs and share successes and opportunities to improve
Documenting your activities within SFDC

Benefits:
Our benefits include options for up to 100 paid Medical and Vision premiums for employees, flexible PTO policy, no internal meeting Fridays, Modern Health mental wellness platform, and 11 paid holidays and 2 additional weeks where all Demandbase employees take off (the week of July 4th and the week of Thanksgiving). Plus 401(k), short-termlong-term disability, life insurance, and all those good things.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Demandbase
At Demandbase, we believe in creating a workplace culture that values and celebrates diversity in all its forms. We recognize that everyone brings unique experiences, perspectives, and identities to the table, and we are committed to building a community where everyone feels valued, respected, and supported. Discrimination of any kind is not tolerated, and we strive to ensure that every individual has an equal opportunity to succeed and grow, regardless of their gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, background, marital status, genetic information, education level, veteran status, national origin, or any other protected status. We do not automatically disqualify applicants with criminal records and will consider each applicant on a case-by-case basis.
We recognize that not all candidates will have every skill or qualification listed in this job description. If you feel you have the level of experience to be successful in the role, we encourage you to apply!
We acknowledge that true diversity and inclusion require ongoing effort, and we are committed to doing the work required to make our workplace a safe and equitable space for all. Join us in building a community where we can learn from each other, celebrate our differences, and work together.The base compensation range for this role is:49,725—71,500 USDPersonal information that you submit will be used by Demandbase for recruiting and other business purposes. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use personal information.