Introduction to Demandbase: 
Demandbase is the Smarter GTM company for B2B brands. We help B2B companies hit their revenue goals using fewer resources. How? By aligning their sales and marketing teams around a combination of their data, our data, and artificial intelligence — what we call Account Intelligence — so they can identify, engage, and focus their time and money on the accounts most likely to buy. 
As a company, were as committed to growing careers as we are to building world-class technology. We invest heavily in people, our culture, and the community around us. We have offices in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and India, as well as a team in the UK, and allow employees to work remotely. We have also been continuously recognized as one of the best places to work in the San Francisco Bay Area including, Best Workplaces for Millennials and Best Workplaces for Parents!
Were committed to attracting, developing, retaining, and promoting a diverse workforce. By ensuring that every Demandbase employee is able to bring a diversity of talents to work, were increasingly capable of living out our mission to transform how B2B goes to market. We encourage people from historically underrepresented backgrounds and all walks of life to apply. Come grow with us at Demandbase!
About the Role:
Demandbase is seeking a results oriented leader to fill the role of Vice President of Professional Services to drive improvements to and implementations of best practices to continue to scale its growing practice. The ideal candidate will bring a wealth of expertise in building, leading and scaling professional service teams, as well as partnering with sales to drive adoption and translating customer needs into new service offerings. You will play a crucial role in ensuring customer success by overseeing the delivery of high-quality implementation and consulting services to our clients.
The base compensation range for this role (excluding bonus) is: 168,614 - 227,125
What youll be doing:

Owning all aspects of the Professional Services Department which is responsible for providing scoping, design, implementation, customization, configuration, quality assurance, strategic consulting, technical consulting and analytics services
Driving strategy, structure, management, and operations of the Professional Services organization in relation to client success and key business and financial metrics
Responsibility over the Professional Services PL and its forecasting, including ensuring that revenues and net margins are metprotected or exceeded on a quarterly or annual basis
Evaluating and developing methods and procedures that meet or improve on good business practices, and ensuring collaboration to ensure consistency and scalability
Developing and implementing techniques the sales and services leaders can use to ensure that deliverables are on-time and within budget, while increasing efficiency and reducing issues
Driving sales efforts and increase attach rates by conducting presentations and supporting proposal and SOW development
Identifying, evaluating, and building out a worldwide network of service delivery partnerships to expand service delivery capabilities. 
Collaborate with sales, customer success, and product teams to ensure seamless coordination throughout the customer journey.
Define and execute a strategic vision for the Professional Services department, aligning with the companys overall objectives and growth strategies.
Provide strong leadership, mentorship, and guidance to the Professional Services team, fostering a culture of excellence, collaboration, and continuous improvement.
Manage and optimize resource allocation, project timelines, and budgets to ensure successful project delivery and client satisfaction.
Monitor and analyze key performance metrics related to project delivery, customer satisfaction, team bandwidth and margin, making data-driven decisions to enhance service quality and operational efficiency.
Stay current with industry trends, emerging technologies, and competitive landscape to drive innovation and maintain Demandbases position as a market leader.

What were looking for:

A minimum of 15 years of professional experience, with at least 7 years in a leadership role overseeing services solutions at companies buildingselling complex software products
Proven track record of successfully leading and scaling a Professional Services organization in the B2B technology space.
In-depth knowledge of B2B marketing, ABM, and related technologies.
Exceptional project management skills, with the ability to manage multiple complex projects simultaneously.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to effectively engage with C-level executives and cross-functional teams.
Results-oriented mindset with a commitment to delivering value and driving customer success.
Experience in building and maintaining customer relationships and fostering customer loyalty.
Strategic thinker with the ability to innovate, develop and execute on a long-term vision for Professional Services.
Analytical mindset with the ability to use data to inform decision-making and drive process improvements.
Demonstrated ability to adapt in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and lead teams through change.

Benefits:
Our benefits include options for up to 100 paid Medical and Vision premiums for employees, flexible PTO policy, no internal meeting Fridays, Modern Health mental wellness platform, and 11 paid holidays and 2 additional weeks where all Demandbase employees take off (the week of July 4th and the week of Thanksgiving). Plus 401(k), short-termlong-term disability, life insurance, and all those good things.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Demandbase
At Demandbase, we believe in creating a workplace culture that values and celebrates diversity in all its forms. We recognize that everyone brings unique experiences, perspectives, and identities to the table, and we are committed to building a community where everyone feels valued, respected, and supported. Discrimination of any kind is not tolerated, and we strive to ensure that every individual has an equal opportunity to succeed and grow, regardless of their gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, background, marital status, genetic information, education level, veteran status, national origin, or any other protected status. We do not automatically disqualify applicants with criminal records and will consider each applicant on a case-by-case basis.
We recognize that not all candidates will have every skill or qualification listed in this job description. If you feel you have the level of experience to be successful in the role, we encourage you to apply!
We acknowledge that true diversity and inclusion require ongoing effort, and we are committed to doing the work required to make our workplace a safe and equitable space for all. Join us in building a community where we can learn from each other, celebrate our differences, and work together.Personal information that you submit will be used by Demandbase for recruiting and other business purposes. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use personal information.