Introduction to Demandbase: 
Demandbase is the Smarter GTM company for B2B brands. We help B2B companies hit their revenue goals using fewer resources. How? By aligning their sales and marketing teams around a combination of their data, our data, and artificial intelligence — what we call Account Intelligence — so they can identify, engage, and focus their time and money on the accounts most likely to buy. 
As a company, were as committed to growing careers as we are to building world-class technology. We invest heavily in people, our culture, and the community around us. We have offices in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and India, as well as a team in the UK, and allow employees to work remotely. We have also been continuously recognized as one of the best places to work in the San Francisco Bay Area including, Best Workplaces for Millennials and Best Workplaces for Parents!
Were committed to attracting, developing, retaining, and promoting a diverse workforce. By ensuring that every Demandbase employee is able to bring a diversity of talents to work, were increasingly capable of living out our mission to transform how B2B goes to market. We encourage people from historically underrepresented backgrounds and all walks of life to apply. Come grow with us at Demandbase!
About the role:
Demandbase is looking for a Senior Product Manager to lead the strategy and execution of core products, creating new revenue streams and powering applications across our four clouds. 
The compensation range for this role is: 163,200 - 227,755.
What youll be doing:

Define data strategy, bringing customer feedback and pain points forward in prioritization, data definition, and content roadmap development
Identify, evaluate, and manage data sources aligned with our platform strategy 
Drive product priorities aligned to overall business objectives and develop a comprehensive roadmap for your data product(s)
Provide technical, functional, and business expertise to engineering teams
Define the data models and integration specifications for use by internal applications and external public APIs.
Define and drive data KPIs ensuring that the product vision and objectives are understood and agreed-upon across data sourcing, data analysts, data science, and engineering teams.
Work closely with customers to understand business pain, needs, requirements, impact, and value with the ability to translate all of those into a prioritized product roadmap
Work closely with sales engineers, solution architects, professional services, and other product managers to identify and prioritize the right opportunities, define solutions, and help drive cross functional execution to deliver a whole product experience for customers
Work closely with the Professional Services team to deliver key strategic projects to test and validate hypotheses regarding potential new data features
Act as an evangelist for your data product(s), defining a compelling narrative and representing the company at industry events, in analyst briefings, and with key customers
Understand and continuously gather intelligence about the current and future trends in B2B data and intelligence in order to deliver innovation

What were looking for:

5 years product management 
Experience working with distributed team across time zoneslocations
Domain expertise in applications that leverage data and decision science to enhance customer engagement and application experience
Knowledge of web technologies and REST APIs 
Experience working on big data processing andor data science applications
Technical competency and demonstrated leadership implementing data-driven solutions (e.g. data warehouse, data processing, MDM, business intelligence)
Knowledgeable about machine learning techniques including decision trees, time series, text analysis, NLP, etc.
Great analytical skills and product prioritization decision-making
Experience with agile, scrum, project management, and story-drafting
Strong communication skills, both written and spoken
Comfortskill presenting to both internal and external audiences, from executive decision makers to technical personnel
Ability to write concise and clear definitions (user stories) of prioritized features for technical team implementation
Experience in business development and partnerships preferred
A degree in computer science or similar technical discipline or experience preferred. 
Relevant huge (not only big, but huge) data experience desired

Benefits:
Our benefits include options for up to 100 paid Medical and Vision premiums for employees, flexible PTO policy, no internal meeting Fridays, Modern Health mental wellness platform, and 11 paid holidays and 2 additional weeks where all Demandbase employees take off (the week of July 4th and the week of Thanksgiving). Plus 401(k), short-termlong-term disability, life insurance, and all those good things.
Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Demandbase
At Demandbase, we believe in creating a workplace culture that values and celebrates diversity in all its forms. We recognize that everyone brings unique experiences, perspectives, and identities to the table, and we are committed to building a community where everyone feels valued, respected, and supported. Discrimination of any kind is not tolerated, and we strive to ensure that every individual has an equal opportunity to succeed and grow, regardless of their gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, background, marital status, genetic information, education level, veteran status, national origin, or any other protected status. We do not automatically disqualify applicants with criminal records and will consider each applicant on a case-by-case basis.
We recognize that not all candidates will have every skill or qualification listed in this job description. If you feel you have the level of experience to be successful in the role, we encourage you to apply!
We acknowledge that true diversity and inclusion require ongoing effort, and we are committed to doing the work required to make our workplace a safe and equitable space for all. Join us in building a community where we can learn from each other, celebrate our differences, and work together.Personal information that you submit will be used by Demandbase for recruiting and other business purposes. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use personal information.