Desktop Metal (NYSE: DM) is pioneering a new generation of additive manufacturing technologies focused on the production of end-use parts. We offer a portfolio of integrated additive manufacturing solutions for engineers, designers and manufacturers comprised hardware, software, materials and services. Our solutions span use cases across the product life cycle, from product development to mass production and aftermarket operations, and they address an array of industries, including automotive, aerospace, healthcare, consumer products, heavy industry, machine design and research and development.  At Desktop Metal, we believe additive manufacturing, commonly referred to as 3D printing, is one of the most exciting and transformational technology innovations of our time.Are you ready to kickstart your career in electrical engineering? Join the January through June 2024 Co-Op session at Desktop Metal! As an Electrical Engineering Co-op, youll design and implement cutting-edge electronics systems, collaborate with a dynamic team, and gain hands-on experience in schematic entry, layout tools, and embedded system design. Explore exciting fields like mechatronics, robotics, and optical systems while working in an environment that values creativity and technical excellence. With a track record of converting Co-Ops into full-time employees, Desktop Metal offers you the opportunity to make a real impact from day one. Dont miss your chance to shine and launch your electrical engineering career with us!
The Electrical Engineering Co-op will be responsible for:

Designing and implementing electronics systems, including firmware, analog, and digital circuit design, and systems debugging, wiring and cable design
Working with an interdisciplinary team to execute product designs from concept to production including design, prototyping, validation, testing, and certification
Writing and developing specifications, design verification plans, and functional test procedures
Maintaining high level of communications with cross-functional team and partners

Basic Qualifications

Understanding of technical principles and concepts in electrical engineering
Experience in schematic entry, layout tools and design for manufacturing
Experience with embedded system design interfacing to a wide array of electro-mechanical subsystems and debugging experience.
Commitment to rigorous testing practices
Through hole andor SMD soldering experience
Experience working with basic electronics equipment (power supplies, oscilloscopes, etc.)
Excellent written and oral communication skills

Preferred Experiences:

3D printing
Circuit simulators
ECAD
Mechatronics
Python, Matlab, JSON, and Assembly Experience
Optical Systems
Robotics
Thermal Management
Logic analyzer

Desktop Metal has had Co-Ops since the very beginning, its a program we are strongly committed to and enjoy having. We have about 14 Co-0Ops each session and have converted about 40 people to full time employees over the years. This is a great place to learn with dedicated mentors and many opportunities to shine. No mater what department you are embedded with we give our Co-Ops real work that is a part of our products and or the sales process. 
 At Desktop Metal, innovation is at the core of our DNA. And we believe ground-breaking discoveries are born from diverse teams with unique backgrounds and experiences. We are committed to employing a diverse workforce with equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, veteran status, or disability.