Desktop Metal (NYSE: DM) is pioneering a new generation of additive manufacturing technologies focused on the production of end-use parts. We offer a portfolio of integrated additive manufacturing solutions for engineers, designers and manufacturers comprised hardware, software, materials and services. Our solutions span use cases across the product life cycle, from product development to mass production and aftermarket operations, and they address an array of industries, including automotive, aerospace, healthcare, consumer products, heavy industry, machine design and research and development.  At Desktop Metal, we believe additive manufacturing, commonly referred to as 3D printing, is one of the most exciting and transformational technology innovations of our time..Co-op - Application Engineer - 3D Printing 
Desktop Metals Application Engineering team supports our direct sales team and channel partners by investigating the feasibility of potential additive applications for customers. The Application Engineering Co-op will do hands-on work and ship sample parts to our channel partners.
Responsibilities include:

Processing and queueing up customer prints
Advising on printing parameter changes
Testing and providing feedback on products
Inputting build details into CRM
Designing parts to test some of the printers capabilities and possible applications
Inputting build details into CRM

Qualifications:

Pursuing a degree in Mechanical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Materials Science, or other relevant program.
Interest in digital manufacturing, 3D printing processes, and the potential it has for our customers. 
Machining and fabrication experience (plus)
Solidworks  CAD (plus)
MagicsNetfabb (plus)

Interpersonal Attributes:

Team player
High productivity
Optimistic attitude
Clear, concise communicator
Ability to push through challenges 

Desktop Metal strongly believes in our Co-Op program, its been part of the company since the start. We have about 8-10 Co-Ops each session and have converted over 40 people to full time employees over the years. This is a great place to learn with dedicated mentors and many opportunities to shine. No matter which team you are on, we give our Co-Ops real work that has the potential to leave a positive impact on our products and customers. 
This role is from January 2023 until June 2024

 
 At Desktop Metal, innovation is at the core of our DNA. And we believe ground-breaking discoveries are born from diverse teams with unique backgrounds and experiences. We are committed to employing a diverse workforce with equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, veteran status, or disability.