Desktop Metal (NYSE: DM) is pioneering a new generation of additive manufacturing technologies focused on the production of end-use parts. We offer a portfolio of integrated additive manufacturing solutions for engineers, designers and manufacturers comprised hardware, software, materials and services. Our solutions span use cases across the product life cycle, from product development to mass production and aftermarket operations, and they address an array of industries, including automotive, aerospace, healthcare, consumer products, heavy industry, machine design and research and development.  At Desktop Metal, we believe additive manufacturing, commonly referred to as 3D printing, is one of the most exciting and transformational technology innovations of our time.Co-op - Materials EngineerThis position is for the 2024 January through June Co-Op session.
The Materials team at Desktop Metal is a specialized group of metallurgical scientists, engineers, and technicians. Together, they evaluate materials and processes to manufacture metal and metal alloys. They also design new consumable materials such as superalloys, titanium alloys, and high-strength steel. As a Materials Co-Op, you have the opportunity to explore a variety of areas within materials science and chemistry, and gain experience in the areas of metallurgy, powder processing, and additive manufacturing.
Responsibilities:

Measure material properties (density, hardness, and dimensions) using specialized equipment in the characterization lab
Sinter sample parts in the furnace to determine sintering cycles based on resulting properties. 
Analyze data and look for trends and relationships with respect to printing and sintering variables. 

Qualifications:

Solid grasp of technical principles, theories, and concepts of materials scienceengineering.
Working toward a degree in Materials Science, Materials Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or equivalent
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Proven time management and organizational skills
Experience in designing tests and gathering data

Interpersonal Attributes:

Team player
High productivity
Optimistic attitude
Clear, concise communicator
Ability to push through challenges 

Desktop Metal strongly believes in our Co-Op program, its been part of the company since the start. We have about 5 Co-Ops each session and have converted about 40 people to full-time employees over the years. This is a great place to learn with dedicated mentors and many opportunities to shine. No matter which team you are on, we give our Co-Ops real work that has the potential to leave a positive impact on our products and customers.At Desktop Metal, innovation is at the core of our DNA. And we believe ground-breaking discoveries are born from diverse teams with unique backgrounds and experiences. We are committed to employing a diverse workforce with equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, veteran status, or disability.