Desktop Metal (NYSE: DM) is pioneering a new generation of additive manufacturing technologies focused on the production of end-use parts. We offer a portfolio of integrated additive manufacturing solutions for engineers, designers and manufacturers comprised hardware, software, materials and services. Our solutions span use cases across the product life cycle, from product development to mass production and aftermarket operations, and they address an array of industries, including automotive, aerospace, healthcare, consumer products, heavy industry, machine design and research and development.  At Desktop Metal, we believe additive manufacturing, commonly referred to as 3D printing, is one of the most exciting and transformational technology innovations of our time.This position is for the 2023 January through June Co-Op session.
Our Manufacturing and Operations teams work on identifying and implementing changes to improve manufacturing processes, products, and reduce costs as we go from pilot production to commercial production. This position will span both Manufacturing and Operations processes including Manufacturing Engineering, Supply Chain, and Supplier Quality.
Responsibilities:

Identify, design, and implement manufacturing operations and related processes.  
Support supply chain, manufacturing engineering, supplier quality, and operations program management teams with varied activities.
Investigate and determine root cause for operational failures and quality escapes.
Analyze data to evaluate operations, processes, and products to drive operation success.
Develop methods and implement process improvements.

Qualifications:

Solid grasp of fabrication processes, tooling and production equipment, assembly methods, functional testing, and quality control standards
Ability to interpret Engineering design documentation (schematics, drawings, bills of materials, etc.)
Demonstrated ability to process and analyze data from multiple sources
Ability to resolve complex issues in creative, efficient, and effective ways
Pursuing an engineering degree in Manufacturing, Industrial, Mechanical, Electrical, Robotics, or similar

Interpersonal Attributes:

Team player
High productivity
Optimistic attitude
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Ability to push through challenges 

Desktop Metal has had Co-Ops since the very beginning, its a program we are strongly committed to and enjoy having. We have many Co-Ops each session and have converted over 40 people to full-time employees over the years. This is a great place to learn with dedicated mentors and many opportunities to shine. No matter what department you are embedded with we give our Co-Ops real work that is a part of our products and an important part of our process. 
 
At Desktop Metal, innovation is at the core of our DNA. And we believe ground-breaking discoveries are born from diverse teams with unique backgrounds and experiences. We are committed to employing a diverse workforce with equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, veteran status, or disability.