ABOUT DSC:
We disrupted the shaving industry in 2011 by delivering great blades at an awesome price, right to your door. From razors, we quickly grew into a mens self-care brand offering oral care, hair styling, deodorant, skincare, and fine fragrance along with services and content designed to help guys take care of their minds and bodies so they can be their best selves. 
We spend our days working to eliminate the stigma around being a man and wanting to take care of yourself. In turn, we hope that you will come to us in your most vulnerable moments. Here, you will find answers to your questions, from Club Pros who know what it takes to make you look, feel, and smell your best.  You got a problem? Weve got a solution. Welcome to the Club. 
 
ROLE SUMMARY: 
Must be willing to work closely with other production personnel on a day-to-day basis.  Should be self-motivated and help increase productivity.  Be willing to take an active role wherever help is needed.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Process, package and ship orders accurately
Managing all merchandise with appropriate care
Identifying any missing lost or damaged material and notifying the supervisor or manager
Understand and follow safety requirements of the Fulfillment Center

 
QUALIFICATIONS:

Previous warehouse experience is preferred
Ability to work on feet for 8-10 hours per day
Ability to occasionally lift heavy objects, up to 70 pounds
Ability to have basic understanding of the English language 

POSITION TYPE:
This is a full-time hourly position.
SCHEDULE:
Wednesday through Saturday  7:00am to 5:30pm (flexibility required).
Some overtime and flexibility with business needs due to closures
PAY:
16hr
------------
Dollar Shave Club is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identification, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
Reasonable Accommodation: Dollar Shave Club provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accommodationsdollarshaveclub.com Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Dollar Shave Club will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.
Dollar Shave Club will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
Thank you for considering a career with Dollar Shave Club