ABOUT DSC:We disrupted the shaving industry in 2011 by delivering great blades at an awesome price, right to your door. From razors, we quickly grew into a mens self-care brand offering oral care, hair styling, deodorant, skincare, and fine fragrance along with services and content designed to help guys take care of their minds and bodies so they can be their best selves.We spend our days working to eliminate the stigma around being a man and wanting to take care of yourself. In turn, we hope that you will come to us in your most vulnerable moments. Here, you will find answers to your questions, from Club Pros who know what it takes to make you look, feel, and smell your best. You got a problem? Weve got a solution. Welcome to the Club.
ROLE SUMMARY:
Were looking for an ambitious Senior Brand Manager to help evolve our brand and grow our Member base—someone with a unique blend of analytical and creative thinking who understands how measurable marketing and creativity drive the business. 
The Senior Brand Manager will support the Brand Director in leading Dollar Shave Clubs overall brand priorities with a specific focus on omni communications (upper funnel) and go-to-market strategy and execution of new products. This role impacts all channels of demand: DTC (direct to consumer), Amazon and Retail. This role will work closely with our media agency and creative AOR (agency of record), as well as our internal creative agency, and will lead cross-functional teams in the development of both national campaigns and innovation-specific launches. If youre a resourceful, innovative, analytical and creative marketer with a knack for getting sht done, we want YOU.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Own omnichannel marketing calendar and determine launch timing, commercial tentpole conversion tactics and PRpartnership activations throughout the year. Collaborate with comms leads and channel leads. Lead omnichannel go-to-market planning and execution of new product launches, as well as commercial tentpole campaigns across key channels of demand: Retail, DTC and Amazon. Develop key visuals in collaboration with channel leads and harmonize marketing tactics to ensure fully-integrated executions.
Lead monthly reporting of omnichannel sales and upper funnel media effectiveness. Partner with channel leads, broader brand team, consumer insights and external media agency to maximize effectiveness of tactics. 
Support the Brand Director in brief writing, creative asset development and trafficking for national and channel-specific campaigns. 
Lead omnichannel budget tracking and auditing, ongoing and ad hoc. Work with channel leads to identify opportunities for efficiencies, resolve discrepancies and optimize investments.
Act as a brand steward and consult for any brand activity, whether internal or external facing. Champion our consumers, brand strategy and brand tone to grow and strengthen our brand equity.

REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelors degree required, MBA with marketing focus preferred 
Minimum 4 years of CPG Brand Management experience for a brand sold in mass retail (e.g., Target and Walmart). 
Experience in mens personal care is a plus.
Demonstrated ability to track, measure and optimize multiple media channels (programmatic audiovideodisplay, streaming audio, influencer  paid boosting) across standard metrics: CPM, CPV, CTR, etc.
Proven track record of planning and executing go-to-market launch campaigns for new products, with ability to communicate benefits and positioning across the marketing funnel.
Experience with national creative campaign development and brand equity tracking
Brief writing and creative feedback

POSITION TYPE:This is a full-time exempt position.WORK ENVIRONMENT:This is a hybrid role for our Headquarters in Marina Del Rey.
SALARY:
150,000-160,000

Dollar Shave Club is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identification, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.Reasonable Accommodation: Dollar Shave Club provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accommodationsdollarshaveclub.comPlease state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Dollar Shave Club will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.Dollar Shave Club will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.Thank you for considering a career with Dollar Shave Club 
Privacy Notice for California Job Applicants