ABOUT DSC:
We disrupted the shaving industry in 2011 by delivering great blades at an awesome price, right to your door. From razors, we quickly grew into a mens self-care brand offering oral care, hair styling, deodorant, skincare, and fine fragrance along with services and content designed to help guys take care of their minds and bodies so they can be their best selves.
We spend our days working to eliminate the stigma around being a man and wanting to take care of yourself. In turn, we hope that you will come to us in your most vulnerable moments. Here, you will find answers to your questions, from Club Pros who know what it takes to make you look, feel, and smell your best. You got a problem? Weve got a solution. Welcome to the Club.
ROLE SUMMARY:
Dollar Shave Club (DSC) is looking for a Senior Financial Analyst to support our team. Our ideal candidate enjoys predicting the future through awesome financial modeling skills and can merge analytical insights with strategic thinking into recommendations that make our business better.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

As part of the FPA team, contribute to the modeling and forecasting of the business of our Amazon and international markets. You will help contribute to the business growth narrative and help identify opportunities and risks within the PL.
Produce monthly actual-to-budget reporting by preparing variance reports using data insights to identify trends and pertinent financial highlights that will enable business leaders to determine progress against budgets.
Become a trusted business partner to key leaders in our organization. In this role, you will work to provide stakeholders with finance-based decision support, including ongoing development and maintenance of KPI metrics and analytical support of strategic planning activities (pricing, LTV modeling, etc). You will also collaborate with the media team to help drive financial analyses and provide insights on how to effectively scale our business via media spendacquisition.
Communicate the state of the business (the what and the why) to key audiences in the organization. This can range from a recurring weekly update to presenting your findings. Presentations are substantial, tailored to the audience, and impactful and professional.
Works with Supply Chain to manage our inventory efficiently
Help drive the DTC innovation process by working cross functionally to help grow our existing business

REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelors Degree in quantitative or business field (financeeconomics)
2-4 years of professional experience in related industry; Subscription-based business, eCommerce, andor AdTech experience preferred
Strong proficiency with Excel  Google Suite a must; Advanced SQL and JDE experience a plus
Meticulous attention to detail
Adaptable in a fast-growing, often-time uncertain environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Track record of high productivity
Basic accounting knowledge

POSITION TYPE:
This is a full-time exempt position.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
This position is a hybrid role at our Headquarters in Marina Del Rey.
SALARY:
100,000 - 115,000
------------
Dollar Shave Club is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identification, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
Reasonable Accommodation: Dollar Shave Club provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accommodationsdollarshaveclub.com
Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Dollar Shave Club will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.
Dollar Shave Club will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
Thank you for considering a career with Dollar Shave Club
Privacy Notice for California Job Applicants