ABOUT DSC:
We disrupted the shaving industry in 2011 by delivering great blades at an awesome price, right to your door. From razors, we quickly grew into a mens self-care brand offering oral care, hair styling, deodorant, skincare, and fine fragrance along with services and content designed to help guys take care of their minds and bodies so they can be their best selves.
We spend our days working to eliminate the stigma around being a man and wanting to take care of yourself. In turn, we hope that you will come to us in your most vulnerable moments. Here, you will find answers to your questions, from Club Pros who know what it takes to make you look, feel, and smell your best. You got a problem? Weve got a solution. Welcome to the Club.
ROLE SUMMARY:
Dollar Shave Club is seeking a highly analytical, data driven Paid Media Manager that can help accelerate the growth and monetization of our consumer base. The Manager will play a pivotal role in driving strategy, execution across Paid Search, Display, Digital Video, Native, and Affiliates. This position will also own the day-to-day management, execution, and analysis of paid media campaigns across responsible channels. The ideal candidate will be able to take initiative and require little supervision to carry out responsibilities.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Develop and own the strategy for, but not limited to paid search, display, and video that aligns with goals and initiatives
Day to day management and optimization of various digital and offline channels, focusing on Search, Display, and Digital Video
Drive AB and multivariate testing programs to continually improve performance across the marketing funnel, from bidding strategies to CTRs to conversions
Analyze campaign performance with regular data analysis to measure KPIs, trends, and provide meaningful insights
Identify areas of improvements and propose actionable solutions across our digital campaigns
Develop processes for analysis, actionable insights, and best practices
Create and maintain accurate budget  spending plan
Recommend, plan, and conduct testing opportunities to improve ROIROAS
Maintain the most-up-to-date knowledge of best practices, alphas, betas, and strategies
Work cross-functionality to devise strategies for acquiring high quality customers
Collaboration between teams to better understand our customers and how to reach them
Cultivate cross functional buy in to deliver against priority initiatives
Help identify new opportunities and areas of growth that will improve digital and offline media ROIROAS
Work with 3rd party vendors for specific digital campaigns and initiatives
Assist with vendor assessment and proposals

 
REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelors Degree, preferably in Marketing or Finance
5 years in related field, E-commerce and agency experience preferred
Digital media buying, Paid Search and Google Ad experience required
Strong knowledge and understanding of other digital marketing channels (Social, Display, Video, Native, etc.) and the media buying ecosystem
Proven success with direct response and e-commerce brands or companies
Familiar with cohorts and audience segmentation applied to targeting or ad personalization
Proficient with AdWords Editor, BingAds, Editor, Google Analytics, DV360, etc.
Proven ability to manage multiple projects effectively within deadlines and manage time and priorities effectively within a fast-paced environment

POSITION TYPE:
This is a full-time exempt position.
WORK ENVIRONMENT:
This position is a hybrid role at our Headquarters in Los Angeles.
SALARY:
90,000-123,600
------------
Dollar Shave Club is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identification, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
Reasonable Accommodation: Dollar Shave Club provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accommodationsdollarshaveclub.com
Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Dollar Shave Club will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.
Dollar Shave Club will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
Thank you for considering a career with Dollar Shave Club
 
Privacy Notice for California Job Applicants