ABOUT DSC:
We disrupted the shaving industry in 2011 by delivering great blades at an awesome price, right to your door. From razors, we quickly grew into a mens self care brand offering oral care, hair styling, deodorant, skincare, and fine fragrance along with services and content designed to help guys take care of their minds and bodies so they can be their best selves. 
We spend our days working to eliminate the stigma around being a man and wanting to take care of yourself. In turn, we hope that you will come to us in your most vulnerable moments. Here, you will find answers to your questions, from Club Pros who know what it takes to make you look, feel, and smell your best.  You got a problem? Weve got a solution. Welcome to the Club.
 
ROLE SUMMARY:
As a Warehouse Lead, you will be responsible for providing leadership and instructions to the Warehouse Associates. Leads must report to shifts 30 minutes prior to associates start time to set up the area they are managing. You will assign associates to the area(s)  job(s) to ensure smooth workflow for daily customer orders. As a Lead, you are responsible for ensuring that all aspects of the warehouse operation functions safely and efficiently. Leads are directly responsible for providing new hires with proper and effective training for their primary job roles. Leads are required to be able to professionally coach associates on the spot when needed to. Provide input and suggestions to the Supervisor and  or Manager about the daily plan and staffing. The Lead will learn how to perform all production tasks in the facility and some none production jobs. The Lead must become a subject matter expert on all production areas. The Lead will set the example for all associates about performance, behavior, safety, accountability and attendance.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Assist the Supervisor with the daily production plan
Schedule routine tasks as it relates to production for the day
Provide instructions to the team to be able to complete tasks safely and effectively
Train new team members and ensure they are following best business practices
Ensure compliance with safety policies and procedures
Find solutions to routine production issues
Conduct on the spot coaching with associates that are underperforming
Assist other work teams during times of high demand

REQUIREMENTS:

Proficient with computer programs such as Word, Excel and Google Mail
Strong leadership and communication skills
Ability to fully carry out instructions and able to instruct hourly associates
Must be able to stand  walk on concrete flooring for 10 hours
Ability to multi-task
Ability to work with teams from multiple departments and disciplines
Ability to work with a diverse workforce

 
POSITION TYPE:
This is a full-time hourly position.
 
SCHEDULE:
Wednesday through Saturday  6:30am to 5:30pm (flexibility required)
Some overtime may be required
 
PAY:
20hr

Dollar Shave Club is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identification, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
Reasonable Accommodation: Dollar Shave Club provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accommodationsdollarshaveclub.com 
Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Dollar Shave Club will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.
Dollar Shave Club will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
Thank you for considering a career with Dollar Shave Club