ABOUT DSC: Were on a mission to build a better bathroom. We started with razors way back in 2011, and now millions and millions of Members later, weve expanded into shave products, skin care, hair styling, with more to come. Were always growing and reinventing, and we rely on killer talent to help us achieve our goal of owning the bathroom. If youre a team-playing innovator, youll fit right in. A sense of humor helps, too.ROLE SUMMARY: Dollar Shave Club is seeking a Maintenance Supervisor who will maintain and optimize the performance of all on-site equipment and machinery.  This Maintenance Supervisor will be responsible for maintaining the cleanliness of production machinery and machine components and have ownership of the sites preventative maintenance program.  This role will troubleshoot any machine andor equipment issues that arise in real-time and resolve them in a timely manner to minimize operational downtime.  This role will manage parts inventory and work with vendors to ensure that parts are ordered and received as necessary.  The Maintenance Supervisor is responsible for the training and development of the Machine Technician I.
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Create and perform preventative and spontaneous maintenance on lift equipment jacks, chargers, and batteries
Create and perform preventative and spontaneous maintenance on conveyors, bar code readers, labeler machines, sensors, photo eyes and weigh scales.
Perform general building maintenance including overhead doors, construction repair, roll carts, floor repair and second level gates, doors, etc. Performs light plumbing maintenance on occasion
Monitor and accurately maintain spare parts inventory
Support automation to operate at its maximum efficiency ensuring delivery of contracted key performance indicators.
Perform various carpentry assignments as needed
Ability to work at heights
Use personal vehicle to pick up parts, tools and equipment
Make decisions that positively impact our business goals, metrics and results
Work as a team member by interacting and communicating with fellow associates in a cooperative, constructive manner
Demonstrate understanding, support and execution of the companys policies
Act as a champion of our values, demonstrating them and holding your team to the same high standards
Relay direction from Manager or Director to Maintenance technician I and assistants
Use initiative to ensure efficient assignments of junior techniciansassistants to projectstasks
Order needed repair parts for equipment with managers approval
Work safely and in accordance with DSC safety policies and OSHA regulations
Ensure proper operation of battery charger racks
Coordinate and schedule major repairs with outside vendors when needed
Request for and obtain quotes from outside contractors 
Maintain facility grounds including keeping sidewalks free from snow, ice, or other debris and replacing office and warehouse light bulbs
Organize and maintain maintenance area

REQUIRED ABILITIES:

Lift objects of various shapes, sizes and weights
Stand, sit or walk for extended periods of time
Reach (including above your head), bend, climb, push, pull, twist, squat and kneel
Handle or manage tools or equipment
Tolerate hot or cold warehouse environments

QUALIFICATIONS:

High school diploma or GED
Minimum of four (4) years of relevant work experience
Experience in forklift maintenance, conveyor maintenance or a related field
Mechanical, Electrical or Electro Mechanical aptitude
Ability to lift, push or pull items weighing 70 to 100 pounds
Knowledge of hydraulics, electrical and pneumatics
Forklift factory certification strongly desired
Demonstrated regular attendance
Basic English language skills (both verbal and written communications)

SCHEDULE:
Tuesday through Saturday  8 am to 4:30 pm (flexibility required).Some overtime and flexibility with business needs due to closures 
PAY:
30hr
------------
Dollar Shave Club is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
Reasonable Accommodation: Dollar Shave Club provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accommodationsdollarshaveclub.com
 
Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Dollar Shave Club will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.
 
Dollar Shave Club will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
Thank you for considering a career with Dollar Shave Club