ABOUT DSC:
We disrupted the shaving industry in 2011 by delivering great blades at an awesome price, right to your door. From razors, we quickly grew into a mens self care brand offering oral care, hair styling, deodorant, skincare, and fine fragrance along with services and content designed to help guys take care of their minds and bodies so they can be their best selves. 
We spend our days working to eliminate the stigma around being a man and wanting to take care of yourself. In turn, we hope that you will come to us in your most vulnerable moments. Here, you will find answers to your questions, from Club Pros who know what it takes to make you look, feel, and smell your best.  You got a problem? Weve got a solution. Welcome to the Club.
 
ROLE SUMMARY:
In this position, you will be a key leader in our customer-focused Fulfillment Center. You will be responsible for managing and motivating a team to achieve productivity, safety and departmental goals. The ability to work in a fast-paced environment, motivate a performance driven team and be customer service driven, is a must.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES:

Supervise the team (leads and associates) and provide training and coaching to improve performance
Ensure efficient daily operation of the warehouse; prepare daily plan using staffing roster and work volume
Assess inventory quantity on floor to ensure customer orders are not impacted negatively
Monitor production and order quality to consistently deliver exceptional customer service
Make decisions that positively impact our business goals, metrics and results
Demonstrate understanding, support and execution of the companys policies
Communicate clearly and effectively with all leadership, associates, and team members in support roles
Open the Facility and release customer orders through waving in WMS
Report your daily staff attendance, hold morning production meeting with leadership, and problem solve when necessary
Administer and document disciplinary actions for policyprocedure infractions
Maintain a safe and organized work environment 
Drive efficiency  in operations by continuously improving current processes and practices
Develop Leads and associates through structured 1 on 1 discussions monthly and complete annual reviews on all reporting team members
Act as a champion of our values, demonstrating them and holding your team to the same high standards
Daily review of non inventory items and supplies needed for the warehouse operation
Order  Request for restock or purchase of non inventory items

 
REQUIREMENTS:

High School Diploma or GED
2 or more years experience in a salaried leadership role in a Warehouse or Distribution environment
Excellent interpersonal skills
High Integrity, strong work ethics, and practitioner of Servant Leadership
Effective and clear communication skills both written and verbally
Proficiency in MS Office products (Word, Excel, and PowerPoint)
Knowledge and use of computer controlled conveyor and sorting equipment as well as material handling equipment preferred

REQUIRED ABILITIES:

Lift objects of various shapes, sizes and weights
Stand, sit or walk for extended periods of time
Reach (including above your head), bend, climb, push, pull, twist, squat and kneel
Handle or manage tools or equipment
Tolerate hot or cold warehouse environments

 
POSITION TYPE:
This is a full-time salaried position.
Leader of 40 to 50 hourly associates and leads.
 
SCHEDULE:
Wednesday through Saturday  5:30am to 5:30pm (flexibility required).
Some overtime and flexibility with business needs due to closures
 
PAY:
65,000Annually

Dollar Shave Club is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identification, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
Reasonable Accommodation: Dollar Shave Club provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accommodationsdollarshaveclub.com 
Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Dollar Shave Club will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.
Dollar Shave Club will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.
Thank you for considering a career with Dollar Shave Club