ABOUT DSC:We disrupted the shaving industry in 2011 by delivering great blades at an awesome price, right to your door. From razors, we quickly grew into a mens self-care brand offering oral care, hair styling, deodorant, skincare, and fine fragrance along with services and content designed to help guys take care of their minds and bodies so they can be their best selves.We spend our days working to eliminate the stigma around being a man and wanting to take care of yourself. In turn, we hope that you will come to us in your most vulnerable moments. Here, you will find answers to your questions, from Club Pros who know what it takes to make you look, feel, and smell your best. You got a problem? Weve got a solution. Welcome to the Club.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work as part of DSCs Growth Team to understand consumer journeys from acquisition, digital experience, and member lifecycle touch points to drive the average revenue per user (ARPU) and customer lifetime value (LTV) through continuous experimentation and optimization. Leverage skillset in SQL queries, Tableau dashboards, Python, as well as automating, reporting, and managing alerts on KPI thresholds to provide analysis and insights on strategic initiatives that will ultimately improve LTV, product adoption, average order value (AOV), and customer retention. Work across multiple analytic tools and disparate data sources in order to analyze competitive market strategies through analysis of related product, market, and share trends. Utilize knowledge of data visualization, data cleaning, optimization techniques, and continuous improvement to provide key insights and data-driven decisions to drive DSCs dynamic e-commerce services. Build data sets for exploration, as needed by stitching disparate data sources for AB tests, acquisition, order transactions, and customer relationship management (CRM). Synthesize current business intelligence and trend data to support recommendations for action. Build automated and scalable solutions for self-service through Tableau, reporting tables, data extracts for Tableau, etc. to enable efficiencies and scalability. Analyze technology trends and conducting customer activity analyses to identify markets for future product development and to improve sales of existing products. Conduct and coordinating tests (e.g., AB tests, regression models, etc.) to ensure that intelligence is consistent with DSCs defined needs. Develop systems, testing and validating procedures, and specifications using analysis and mathematical models.
REQUIREMENTS:
Masters degree, or equivalent, in Data Science, Computer Science, Information Technology, or related plus one (1) year of Data Analysis, or related experience: delivering meaningful metrics, trends, key insights, and analysis; setting priorities based on analysis and results to implement and optimize business process and solutions; supporting complex data-centric projects across multiple teams and systems; building and implementing data solutions to drive strategic business decisions by leveraging insights; communicating key insights through internal reports, presentations, and dashboards; providing customized data solutions; working with system architects and engineers to implement systems and processes to build the platformsystems for data analytics; developing surveys that will evaluate and quantify the effect of various tests through data analysis and statistical methods; and analyzing effectiveness of new initiatives. Telecommuting permissible.
POSITION TYPE:This is a full-time exempt position.WORK ENVIRONMENT:This is a hybrid role for our Headquarters in Los Angeles.
Salary: 140,000year
To Apply: Send resume to: Hilary Leaf, Director, People, 13335 Maxella Avenue, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292 or e-mail hilary.leafdollarshaveclub.com.

Dollar Shave Club is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identification, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.Reasonable Accommodation: Dollar Shave Club provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accommodationsdollarshaveclub.comPlease state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Dollar Shave Club will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.Dollar Shave Club will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.Thank you for considering a career with Dollar Shave Club 
Privacy Notice for California Job Applicants