About the Team
New Verticals is a new, lean organization at DoorDash, building the future of local commerce by bringing new ways to delight our customers to market - beyond restaurants. The Shopping Experience teams mission is to build a better way to connect every customer with the items they are looking for in an effortless and delightful way. Together with our Product, Design, and Analytics partners, we obsess over building the future of local commerce by re-thinking the digital shopping experience and by ideating, experimenting and iterating on key pillars such as Search, Merchandising and Personalization.
About the Role
You will work on key functions of the shopping experience, beginning with driving strategy and partnering cross-functionally on product solutions to improve Conversion and Subtotals across all of DoorDashs non-restaurant merchants. Your primary focus will be our search product, which consumers use to quickly find stores and items within DoorDash. You will partner closely with the search product team to improve search relevance and the overall search experience (e.g., search filters, search query suggestions, search layoutUX). You will report to the Associate Manager, Shopping Experience on the Consumer team in our New Verticals organization. We are currently operating in a hybrid model, some time in-office and some time remote but it is quite flexible!
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Work cross-functionally with Product, Analytics, Design and Operations to create a world class digital shopping experience for our customers
Design and build the future of shopping local commerce online, using a customer-first lens and a first principles approach
Blend product strategy, quantitative insights, and customer feedback to support business operators in growing profitable and scalable businesses
Play several different roles (product manager, data scientist  analyst, business operator, business analyst, strategist) in order to drive outcomes for covered products

Were excited about you because

You are excited about rolling up your sleeves and getting to the lowest level of detail
Youre an expert at analyzing data to create insights and drive business outcomes
You know how to optimize and improve processes while designing for scale (i.e. automation)
You are strong at prioritization and managing multiple projects
You are a collaborator who partners effectively cross-functionally
You have 2-4 years of experience in similar environments (such as tech, operations, strategy, consulting, banking, or a related experience)

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.
 California Pay Range:95,000—135,000 USDNew York Pay Range:100,000—135,000 USD