About the Team
Who are we?
The Corporate Infrastructure team within IT is responsible for managing endpoints using MDM, rolling out network infrastructure for corporate offices, Dashmarts and building and maintaining highly available, reliable and scalable cloud infrastructure for other internal DoorDash teams.
But who are we, really? 
Well, were a group of fearless go-getters who tackle challenges head-on and turn them into opportunities. Our office is a dynamic environment where creativity and fun know no bounds. High-fives and fist bumps are the currency of appreciation around here! We pride ourselves on our collaborative spirit, creativity, and a shared passion for getting the job done while having a blast along the way. 
About the Role
As a Senior IT Monitoring Engineer your responsibilities would include:

Architecting an observability solution that spans not only our team, but also supports other teams within IT, spanning AWS, on-prem infrastructure, and SaaS tooling.
Planning and executing infrastructure projects that improve observability tools and platforms, including: metrics, logging, distributed tracing, dashboarding, alerting, application performance management.
Developing and maintaining systems to enable our IT colleagues to confidently run their services with high quality, and quickly understand and mitigate any technical issues.
Partnering with our observability vendors to improve their products and align with our roadmap needs.
Working with Engineering Observability colleagues to understand their infrastructure and reuse if and when needed.

Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Join a growing company and grow right along with us.
Have the unique opportunity to own and lay the groundwork for architecting the first observability solution within IT.
Take on significant technical challenges and have a large impact.
Work with cross functional teams within IT as well as Engineering.
Make recommendations for the improvement and development of IT systems.

Were excited about you because

You have 4 years of experience in an Infrastructure Engineering role.
You have demonstrated experience with Python, bash, Powershell and other scripting fundamentals.
You are highly familiar with AWS, Azure, Kubernetes, Docker and GCP systemstools of high familiarity.You have 2 years of experience with Infrastructure as a Code tools like Terraform, CloudFormation, Pulumi.
You have 2 years of experience working with microservices.
You understand the importance of a stable and scalable monitoringobservability system. Experience with but not limited to tools like Prometheus, Grafana, Nagios, Datadog, Splunk, OpenTelemetry.
You love data, and identifying patterns and correlations providing new insights is exciting to you.
You have previous experience running a production service from a DevOps or SRE perspective.
You are a self starter with attention to detail who understands the value in system monitoring.
You want to be part of a startup within a large enterprise, moving fast while building for scale.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:149,500—238,000 USDColorado Pay Range:149,500—214,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:149,500—202,500 USDNew York Pay Range:149,500—238,000 USDWashington Pay Range:149,500—238,000 USD