About the Team
At DoorDash, people are our most important asset. We build the capability to help our leaders make more informed decisions on identifying, attracting, developing, and retaining talent. Were looking for a Data Engineer to help us scale our analytics alongside DoorDashs enormous growth. Come build, experiment, and grow while shaping a best-in-class data team at DoorDash.
About the Role
DoorDash is seeking an experienced data engineer to join our People Analytics team. Were a data-driven organization, empowering local economies and our people to do the best work of their careers. This role will get in on the ground floor helping to build and support the data infrastructure powering our data-driven insights to attract, develop, and retain the best talent to power and grow DoorDash. You will support and scale our people reporting and analytics within the People Team. In this role, you will partner with a team of analysts, scientists, and engineers to develop the tools and insights for our people and decision-makers. Come help us enable our business to garner insights and be a builder, engineer, consultant, and securityprivacy advocate. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Architect and engineer our data infrastructure for People data
Design and implement data warehouse schemas, tables, and views to provide a source of true datasets
Develop ETL pipelines using tools such as Airflow and dbt for data profiling, cleaning, and transformation
Support self-service analytics projects by creating secure data structures
Provide underlying data support for all People metrics (recruiting pipelines, attrition, employee engagement, diversity and inclusion, compensation and benefits, etc.)
Ensure data integrity across all People data
Rigorously document system requirements and configuration to build operational excellence
Understand and identify opportunities to improve, working closely with cross-functional teams
Train peers on new processes and functionality as needed
Help build data governance with a single source of truth

Were excited about you because you have

5 years of industry experience in data engineering or software engineering
Experience deploying cloud architecture like dbt, Airflow, and Databricks in AWS
Expert SQL skills and experience writing complex queries
Proficiency authoring Airflow DAGs
You are a strong business thinker, able to use first principles to solve challenging business problems at their root level
You are data-driven, able to analyze data with strong attention to detail and accuracy, and passionate about telling the story behind the data hence turning the data into insight

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:134,500—214,500 USDNew York Pay Range:134,500—214,500 USDWashington Pay Range:134,500—214,500 USD