About the Team
New Verticals is an exciting team at DoorDash that is building and scaling new ways to delight our customers, leveraging the DoorDash platform. New Verticals include the DashMart, Convenience, Alcohol, Grocery, and Retail businesses. These categories bring about new challenges and opportunities to build something at DoorDash from the ground up. 
About the Role
You will sit in the Fulfillment, Logistics  Catalog group within our New Verticals Strategy  Operations organization. We are hiring two positions on this team, so youll have the opportunity to be considered for both roles at once!  
You will help shape DoorDashs future inventory and selection strategy across our convenience, grocery, alcohol, and retail businesses as we transition the team to become a Machine LearningArtificial Intelligence-first platform. Your work will impact how merchants think about integrating their inventory to our platform and how consumers explore our inventory selection. You will partner with teams across DoorDash and beyond to build a world-class inventory system that works for all 3 sides of the marketplace (Merchants, Dashers and Customers) and our emerging 4th side (Advertisers). Your work will enable merchants and advertisers to onboard quickly and merchandise effectively, customers to make informed buying decisions with rich merchandising, and Dashers to know exactly what to shop, and where.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Build the Future: You will help develop the strategy for groceriesperishables and general retail operations. You will create quarterly and annual plans that push our business forward and are aligned with our product capabilities. You will help these teams identify opportunities for enhancing our existing product offering and methods to improve delivery quality.
Collaborate  Influence: Become the voice of innovation! Champion solutions to enhance the user experience. Where a product or operations solution is needed to unlock growth and reduce cost, you will advocate for those resources with your central partners.
Analyze: You love working with data and using data to drive business decision-making
Learn: You will be deeply Immersed in our US and International grocery and retail operations, forming a POV on the best path forward on in-store operations and product roadmaps alongside a dynamic high performing team. 

Were excited about you because

You solve problems from first principles. Youre excited to think innovatively, and you resist this is how its always been done thinking.
Youre equally comfortable operating at 10,000 feet and 1 foot. You dont hesitate to get in the weeds and operate at the lowest level of detail, but youre just as comfortable thinking long-term and inspiring a team.
Youre analytical. Youre comfortable building complex SQL queries across multiple data sources and have experience with data visualization and dashboarding tools.
You have 4-6 years of experience. Youve succeeded in fast-paced cultures (tech, operations, strategy, consulting, banking, or a related experience), and youve led teams to achieve audacious goals.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:115,000—155,000 USDColorado Pay Range:103,500—139,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:115,000—155,000 USDNew York Pay Range:115,000—155,000 USDWashington Pay Range:109,000—148,000 USD