About the Team
DoorDashs Legal Team has built a reputation within the company for our highly collaborative, supportive, and solution-oriented approach to counseling, always with a bias for action. We are a diverse group of lawyers with a shared passion for providing creative and best-in-class service to our business partners. We go above and beyond to help accelerate and protect the business, and above all else, we value and respect each other as teammates. Were looking for a highly motivated hands-on lawyer with deep corporate and in-house experience who can successfully build relationships across legal functions, as well as the broader company. Join us!
About the Role
DoorDash is seeking a seasoned, strategic, and business-minded lawyer to join our legal leadership team as Head of Corporate Legal.  This role will be the lead counsel for all corporate matters and will report directly to the General Counsel. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Ensure compliance with securities laws, rules, and regulations, including listing requirements; 
Provide legal oversight of quarterly earnings and investor relations related disclosures; and advise on all shareholder related matters
Advise the Board of Directors and committees and set corporate governance best practices.  
Oversee financing and strategic transactions, including mergers and acquisitions
Support management of subsidiary entities
Provide general advice and counsel to leaders in DoorDashs Finance, Accounting, Tax, Insurance, and Investor Relations teams
Lead a small (but mighty!) corporate team

Were excited about you because

You have 15 years of experience as a corporate securities or corporate transactions attorney (public company in-house experience preferred)
You are committed to fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive work environment and have prioritized participating in DEI initiatives in past roles
You have excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to synthesize and present complex ideas simply and understandably to employees at all levels as well as to our management team and board
You have experience creating clarity and bringing focus and direction to the most important priorities that will drive the biggest impact, mitigating the most significant risks, and delivering the greatest return on the investment of time and resources
You have a proven track record of fostering a team culture based on empathy, collaboration, mutual respect, and are someone who genuinely cares about the people they lead
You are comfortable working in a fast-paced, high-energy environment, and capable of dealing with and navigating ambiguity
You are intellectually curious, humble (no task is too big or too small), and—through it all—dont take yourself too seriously

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:297,500—350,000 USDColorado Pay Range:268,000—350,000 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:297,500—350,000 USDNew York Pay Range:297,500—350,000 USDWashington Pay Range:282,500—350,000 USD