DoorDash is hiring an exceptional and experienced Legal Director, Privacy Counsel to join our team. You will partner closely with our product, engineering, and business teams to build a best-in-class privacy program, including counseling on new products and services to ensure compliance with privacy laws and DoorDash policies. This will be a highly visible and impactful role that will partner closely with cross-functional teams across the organization to enhance the companys privacy program.
About the Role
As Legal Director, Privacy Counsel, youll have an opportunity to work closely with teams across our business on a wide-range of privacy compliance matters. You will help enhance the companys overall privacy program to ensure the company complies with applicable data privacy laws. This position will also advise teams on various new product and feature launches. This role will require you to become an expert in domestic and international privacy laws that impact our products and business operations. And as a member of the legal team at a dynamic and fast-growing company, youll have ample opportunity to work on a variety of challenging privacy issues while partnering with teams across the company. 
Were looking for someone with a strong work ethic along with excellent analytical and communication skills. The ideal candidate will be someone who is creative and thinks outside-the-box, is a self-starter who takes ownership over initiatives, and is hands-on taking into consideration the lowest level of detail.  
About the Team
DoorDashs Legal Team has built a reputation within the company for our highly collaborative and supportive approach to counseling, always with a bias for action. We are a diverse group of lawyers with a shared passion for providing creative and best-in-class service to our business partners. We go above and beyond to help accelerate and protect the business, and above all else, we value and respect each other as teammates. Were looking for a team builder who can successfully work across the legal team, as well as the broader company. Join us!
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will


Develop and maintain a privacy framework that ensures compliance with applicable domestic and international privacy laws along with best practices 


Partner closely with cross-functional teams to ensure that privacy is built into the design of new products, features, and business initiatives


Partner with the commercial team to ensure appropriate data protection provisions are incorporated into vendor, partner, and merchant agreements


Provide privacy advice to product and engineering throughout the development lifecycle to minimize legal risks, respect consumer privacy, and advance business goals


Synthesize input from outside counsel, your own research, and feedback from internal stakeholders to provide practical guidance applicable to the teams you advise


Maintain up-to-date internal and external privacy policies


Were excited about you because


Youre able to work autonomously while exercising sound judgment in a fast-paced environment.


You are technically fluent.


You have a proven ability to balance legal risk and business objectives.


You have a positive attitude and high EQ. No job is too big or too small!


Qualifications


J.D. required, admitted to any state bar.


8 years legal experience in a law firm andor in-house legal department, with a focus on privacy and data protection issues.


Familiarity with global privacy frameworks and advising on privacy issues.


Ability to lead, organize, prioritize, and manage projects effectively.


CIPP preferred.


About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.We use Covey as part of our hiring and  or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT. As part of the evaluation process we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using Covey Scout for Inbound on August 21, 2023.Please see the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey here.California Pay Range:235,000—350,000 USDColorado Pay Range:235,000—336,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:235,000—350,000 USDNew York Pay Range:235,000—350,000 USDWashington Pay Range:235,000—350,000 USD