About the Team
DoorDash is looking for top talent to play a pivotal role in growing our New Verticals business in Australia and New Zealand! We are looking for someone who is excited about joining a fast-paced environment and driving our next wave of growth. Join us in our global mission to empower and grow local economies!
About the Role
As an Associate Manager on the ANZ International New Verticals SO team, you will be responsible for growing customer subtotals across our Grocery, Convenience, Alcohol, and Retail verticals. You will drive local experimentation to improve the shopping experience for consumers, use analytics to provide our Merchants with insights on how to increase basket size, and utilize new product features to improve the basket building experience. 
On a weekly basis, you will dive into data to monitor subtotal performance, root cause of any issues, and develop action plans as needed. You will also work cross-functionally with account management, product, engineering, and operational teams to drive subtotal improvements. 
You will report into the ANZ New Verticals General Manager.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize - Drive the subtotal strategy for ANZ New Verticals business, identifying long-term and short-term opportunities.
Build  Implement scalable initiatives and best practices to improve basket building across the new verticals in ANZ
Analyze  Leverage data whenever possible to inform your hypothesis as well as build models using tools like Excel and SQL to evaluate the strategic costs and benefits of various programs and experiments
Influence  Partner with both internal teams and our Merchants to create strategic plans and harness opportunities while gaining buy-in

Were excited about you because

4 years experience in consulting, strategy, or related operational experience
You are a self-starter  You have a bias for action and are able to thrive in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment
You are a problem solver  You have a talent for synthesizing complex problems, can translate high-level goals into actionable plans, and enjoy implementing a process
You are analytical  You use data to inform tough decisions, and are comfortable operating at both the 10,000 foot level and at the 10 inch level
You are an owner  Youre always looking for opportunities to better your work product and own the outcome  both the good and the bad

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.