About the Team
The Outside Sales team has been the face of DoorDash to our merchant partners since our founding in 2013. Stationed locally, this team creates deep partnerships with the most coveted local and regional restaurants in any given geography. Our Outside Sales team is the revenue driving arm of DoorDash and ensures the growth of our SMB partnerships which help strengthen operations, accelerate consumer growth, and improve our bottom line.
About the Role
We are looking for a Strategic Merchant Lead for the Outside Sales team to establish partnerships with our Local Hero and Local Premium merchants across the region. The key to DoorDashs growth is merchant selection. The more local hero and local premium merchants we add to DoorDash, the faster we will add new customers, the better we will retain existing customers, and the higher our conversion rates will be for customers visiting our app or website.
This role you will prospect, meet with, and close partnerships with these merchants, sell new products and services to them, and share learnings about their pain points with leadership to help develop solutions to solve those pain points. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Partner with integral local hero merchants by helping them understand the value of DoorDashs full suite of services (e.g. Marketplace, DoorDash Drive, POS Integration)
Master our service offerings — address merchant issues by solving problems and applying product knowledge to win deals
Lead complex negotiations to structure industry-leading and mutually beneficial economic terms
Accelerate a highly organized sales cycle with the goal of closing deals within a few weeks
Collaborate alongside multiple teams — work with our Senior Strategic Sales Managers, Partner Management, as well central functions (Strategy, Drive, POS, and Marketing) to extract the most value possible from our top accounts

Were excited about you because

You have 3 years of experience, ideally in a closing sales role or related experience
You excel in a transactional deal cycle
You have experience exceeding goals
You have experience selling multi-product solutions
You approach challenges from the fundamentals
You express creative sales tactics to engage with prospects
You have experience using a CRM (Salesforce) and Google Apps

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.