About the Team
The Selection Strategy  Operations team is responsible for ensuring that we have the best restaurant selection on our marketplace. The team owns the strategy around identifying and targeting the right merchants and making sure we get them on our platform.
About the Role
You will help craft and execute against the go-to-market strategy for getting the best restaurants on our Marketplace. You will partner with cross-functional teams including Sales, Account Management, Marketing, and Product to drive strategic initiatives that ensure we have every restaurant that customers want. You will report into a Senior Manager on our Selection team in our US Marketplace organization. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize. You will help develop the core selection strategy, determining which restaurants we should be targeting and right the go-to-market model to acquire and retain them. You will identify opportunities for continued improvement, and create plans to execute on them.
Execute. You wont just create plans and recommendations, you will roll up your sleeves and drive these plans forward. You will work closely with our go-to-market teams to ensure that we are acquiring the best merchants.
Analyze. You love working with data and using data to drive business decision-making. 
Collaborate. You will partner with cross-functional teams to drive major initiatives forward. 

Were excited about you because

You solve problems from first principles. Youre excited to think innovatively, and you resist this is how its always been done thinking.
Youre equally comfortable operating at 10,000 feet and 1 foot. You dont hesitate to get in the weeds and operate at the lowest level of detail, but youre just as comfortable thinking long-term and inspiring a team.
Youre analytical. Youre comfortable building complex SQL queries across multiple data sources and have experience with data visualization and dashboarding tools.
You have 4 years of experience. Youve succeeded in high-performing cultures (tech, operations, strategy, consulting, banking, or a related experience), and youve led teams to achieve audacious goals.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:115,000—155,000 USDColorado Pay Range:103,500—139,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:115,000—155,000 USDNew York Pay Range:115,000—155,000 USDWashington Pay Range:109,000—148,000 USD