About the Team
DoorDash is looking for top-talent to play a pivotal role in growing our Australian business! This is a rare opportunity for people who are excited about joining a fast-paced company and building something great! Join our never-ending pursuit to better power economies in Australia and across the globe.
About the Role
DoorDash is looking for a Senior Associate to build and execute strategic initiatives to grow the Drive Restaurant business. The DoorDash Australia Drive team is responsible for the operations, development and growth of the Drive product suite, our white-label solution that empowers Merchants to offer their own customers on-demand delivery through their own channels, utilizing DoorDashs logistics network.Given the rapid growth of our Drive business, this role is critical to continue supporting our Restaurant partners grow their platforms. As a member of the Restaurant verticals Drive Team, youll support delivery of the growth strategy through autonomous ownership of key strategic initiatives, have responsibility for operational metrics, build and scale processes to support fast onboarding of merchants, and empower sales teams to effectively sell Drive products and manage merchants.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategise  Support and execute the overall operational strategy
Influence  Work cross-functionally with our Operations, Product, Engineering, Business Operations, Sales, Account Management, and BD teams to grow our business
Analyse  Build analysis to understand specific partners and the overall segments strengths and weaknesses, competitive pressures and opportunity areas
Experiment  Use a data-driven approach and regional knowledge to identify improvement opportunities, run tests, and make our business 1 better everyday

Were excited about you because

You have 4 years of experience in consulting, strategy, business development, operations, technology, banking, analytics or related experience; high-growth or early-stage start-up experience
You have experience leading projects, hitting goals, and succeeding in a team environment
You have Excel (can perform complex functions and modeling) and SQL knowledge
You are a relationship-builder  You can influence and motivate people at all levels across a variety of job functions.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.