About the Team
DoorDashs Trust and Safety team is seeking an experienced people leader to oversee a team of Trust and Safety frontline agents. The Trust and Safety Operations team is responsible for responding to safety incidents on the platform quickly, effectively and empathetically to ensure our consumers, dashers and merchants have a high quality and safe experience.  The team is responsible for a variety of safety concerns for our community, including but not limited to: personal safety,  threats, property damage, food safety, discrimination and personality disputes.  Trust and Safety success relies on our team being able to identify harmful situations, communicate empathetically with survivors and make quick decisions to mitigate future risk.  The goal is to provide the best support possible for those who have experienced an incident on the DoorDash platform and restore their status quo. 
About the Role
As a Supervisor on our Trust and Safety Team, you will oversee a team of trained Trust  Safety professionals. You will be handling sensitive, complex user-facing incidents. You will bring empathy and ethical judgement in ensuring we are providing the highest standard of support to the members of our platform. You will also be responsible for setting OKRs, developing strategy, and building processes that enable your team of support agents to quickly and competently mitigate risk on the platform.  You have excellent communication skills and can work cross-functionally  with a variety of stakeholders across the organization, including Legal,  Policy, Strategy  Ops, Support, Analytics, and M-Team to ensure that DoorDash can detect, triage, and, prevent safety incidents from occurring on our platform.  This position is a tremendous opportunity to join a fast growing team with an extreme focus on building DoorDashs Trust and Safety brand, while protecting our community. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will...

Lead a team of 8-10 Trust and Safety representatives - agents are entry level, hourly employees
Establish, assess and exceed KPIs among the team
Manage response directly or through delegation to your team of highly sensitive and complex safety incidents on the platform.
Partner with Legal, Public Affairs, Public Policy and others ensure we are responding to safety incidents empathetically and effectively
Responsible for employee engagement and development including coaching your team as well as management sync sessions
Build out a team of highly motivated individuals who are focused on the success of every task
Build business cases and advocate for product and process improvements based on user feedback. This might include agent or member facing tools, new features, closing loopholes, mitigating risk, and improving business processes.
De-escalate sensitive safety situations andor situations where community standards arent upheld with empathy and action-oriented support.
Identify areas in our policies  process that need more clarity, and collaborate with others to improve our product, or position on an issue.
Correspond with external business partners to provide and receive feedback on processes for continuous improvement
Coordinate daily workflow within the team and adjust resources to meet service level agreements with the business
Execute in short-term sprints while maintaining a vision for long-term sustained success
Create, distribute, and present impactful and insightful reporting on performance
Help scale the team and department to keep up with growth of DoorDash

Were excited about you because...

You have a Bachelors degree or equivalent work experience
You are reliable and accountable; you ensure your team is reliable and accountable as well
You have 2-4 years of people management or team lead experience
You have at least 1 year of experience working in trust and safety, risk management or fraud
You are a leader with a strong desire and natural ability to motivate a team, set and achieve targets, and manage career growth and team performance
You are adept at handling high stress situations and are a model of resilience to your team
You are results-oriented, and are constantly evaluating how and whether your teams activities are achieving the desired, measurable impact
You are an owner, always looking for opportunities to better your work product
You are comfortable in a fast-paced, constantly changing team-oriented environment and able to manage multiple deadlines simultaneously
You have a mind and talent for process improvement
You have some experience working with workforce planning teams
You have experience in pulling data and using data to influence your decisions
You have knowledge of Salesforce, Chartio, and Excel (can maintain complex spreadsheets)Google Sheets (preferred)

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.