About the Team
The Compensation team manages compensation programs for DoorDash. Our work impacts every employee globally through the programs we administer. The team also has an important role to play by ensuring our employee value proposition is competitive in the marketplace and financially sustainable.
About the Role
DoorDash is looking for a leader to oversee our Tech Comp Compensation Partner Team. You will provide strategic vision, guidance and help drive the business forward with compensation solutions by partnering with Sr. Leaders across the organization.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Youll partner with senior leadership across the organization to shape how tech compensation enables DoorDashs overall compensation strategy. 
Own the Tech Compensation roadmap - both long-term and short-term, effectively balance competing priorities and flexibly adapting to our rapidly evolving business.
Manage a high performing team. Youll hire and retain top talent, and build a high performing team culture.
Create and implement process improvements that support employee engagement and enablement. Youll get to be creative, leveraging out of the box thinking to help deliver a best in class experience for employees and leadership.
Present compensation insights to partners across the business
Partner with department leaders, HR Business Partners and recruiters on compensation related matters such as offers, promotions, and internal transfers
Conduct market studies and analysis to ensure internal equity, external competitiveness, and alignment to our total rewards philosophy
Support business needs through analysis during the the annual and mid-year review cycles
Stay up-to-date with applicable employment-related federal and state statutory requirements regarding employee pay.
Work cross functionally to provide compensation analyses and other deliverables to our partners on the Finance and Legal teams and business leaders

Were excited about you because

You have strong compensation data analysis skills and are an expert storyteller who can present your findings to diverse audiences
Youve managed project teams or have had direct people management experience
You have a deep understanding of compensation survey data and can use that data to create competitive pay decisions
You are customer-obsessed and have a demonstrated track record of effective stakeholder management and influence
You have experience supporting companies or organizations in the technology, sales, international, and MA
You understand equity compensation and can provide information to employees to help them understand this important component of pay
You have 10 years of compensation experience in either a consulting or in-house role
You have a bachelors degree in economics, business, finance or other STEM discipline

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:188,000—299,000 USDWashington Pay Range:188,000—284,000 USD