About the Team
The Business Systems Transformation and Acceleration organization enables the productivity of our sales and go-to-market organizations through intelligent workflows, reliable data and scalable systems.  We partner with groups across the company including Product, Finance, Engineering, Operations, and Analytics to build critical systems and enable the business to move faster. This team builds the engine and foundation for DoorDash to achieve the best selection for our platform and grow revenue across our business lines.
About the Role
We are looking for a Sr. Manager within our Business Systems Org who will be focused on leading DoorDashs Sales Compensations Systems. Your mission will be to transform our systems processes that drive performance for our growing organization. You will work closely with our various Sales Strategy and Operations and Planning, Sales, as well as GTM Strategy, Business Applications to design and scope the projects you work on, serving as the business process and functional architecture expert on all things Sales IncentiveCompensation Management in conjunction with our Sales processes. Our Sales organizations are the powerhouse of selection at DoorDash managing engagement with Restaurants, Retailers, Grocers, Advertisers and Corporations to bring the full suite of DoorDash to our Merchants at incredible speed. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will...

Become an expert in DoorDashs business processes within your domain and adjacent capabilities
Collaborate with a variety of business partners to understand their challenges, goals, and needs and communicate complex technical work to stakeholders
Define  deliver new efficiencies and insights through systematic solutions
Pair understanding of business with your deep systems expertise to deliver strategic technical roadmaps
Drive a series of cross-functional projects to delivery, including project plan definition management
Partner with Data Quality teams to ensure best of class processes are established for onboarding product fulfillment, and channel integrations
Improve visibility of agent driven work and automate processes which allow this team to scale to the speed and growth of DoorDash
Document business process requirements and partner with Technical Program Managers, Salesforce Administrators and Application Engineers to design, architect and implement thoughtful solutions. 
Work closely with DoorDashs product, Strategy  Operations, and operational teams to define and drive an impactful roadmap for scalable systems
Build and manage a team of product owners to drive step change in sales execution and productivity which support DoorDashs B2B merchants and customers.
Support the full Anaplan development life cycle including model design, build, testing, delivery, iteration, and maintenance
Deliver end-to-end implementations by designing, implementing, and optimizing models in Anaplan, while working closely with partners in Sales Planning, Sales Strategy  Operations, business systems and other cross-functional partners

Were excited about you because...

You see systems and process as a strategic differentiator 
You have structured critical thinking and problem solving skills
You are highly analytical with strong attention to detail
When you are handed a mess, you enjoy and take pride in creating organization
You know how to balance speed and agility while driving towards a strategic long term roadmap.
You have an ownership mentality, and will do what is necessary to drive results
You have the determination to initiate and complete projects in a scrappy environment
You have experience managing cross-functional projects
Youve got technical chops and can hold your own in a design conversation with Admins and Engineers
Youve identified time-consuming internal processes and built solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company.
You have a vision for systems that scale and your users love.  You can confidently prepare and present an action plan to get us there. 

Qualifications

Bachelors degree and 10 years of relevant experience developing or implementing enterprise systems, managing full implementation lifecycle for delivery of systems.
6-10 years of experience (different levels are available) in Sales, Marketing, and Services process and systems 
3-5 years of experience leading project management and program management teams as people manager
Experience in relational databases and integration
Highly proficient in business process analysis, and functional architecture documentation
Experience with both customer facing systems as well as internal business applications including Salesforce Sales cloud, HubSpot, cadencing solutions and related sales tools.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:200,000—270,000 USD