About the Team
Our US Marketplace team is responsible for growing the DoorDash business in the US, helping customers to discover  order whats best in their city, merchants to grow their sales, and dashers to find flexible work. 
About the Role
The GM of New Use Cases will be responsible for building  scaling our next consumer businesses on the marketplace. 
Specifically you will: 

Own our Pickup business  offering helping customers order for instore pickup 
Build new ways for customer to order i.e. Scheduling, Groups, Gifting etc. 
Find the next business lines that help solve customers food problems 
Work with cross functional teams including product, analytics, sales, operations to incubate new ideas  bring them to life

Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Grow: Take nascent business lines  figure out how to 10x their impact on the platform
Build: Figure out the next set of customer problems to solve  quick build solutions for them 
Strategize: Define the long term vision for going beyond delivery, set the direction for where we go next 
Operate:  Execute at all stages of the business life cycle, from early stage tests to growing  1b GOV businesses
Collaborate: Work with a strong cross functional team to test, iterate  launch products

Were excited about you because

You have 10 years of experience in a role in business operations  general management, strategy, product operations or management consulting - e-commerce experience is a plus. 
You have a proven track record of leading highly-complex projects, working cross-functionally, and delivering results on time.
You are a self-starter who is energized by a difficult problem
You dont need a playbook. You dive into difficult problems and come up with a plan.
You have exceptional analytical experience (ExcelGoogle SheetsSQL), and are proficient at (and a fast learner of) a variety of other tech platforms (e.g. SFDC).
You thrive while wearing multiple hats and working across a variety of highly-visible projects and workstreams.
You have people management experience, and will enjoy developing a highly talented team of operators.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.Colorado Pay Range:191,000—259,000 USDCalifornia Pay Range:202,000—287,500 USDNew York Pay Range:212,500—287,500 USD