About the Team
The Business Systems Transformation and Acceleration organization enables the productivity of our sales and go-to-market organizations through intelligent workflows, reliable data and scalable systems. We partner with groups across the company including Product, Finance, Engineering, Operations, and Analytics to build important systems and help the business to move faster. This team builds the engine and foundation for DoorDash to achieve the best selection for our platform and grow revenues across our services.
About the Role
We are looking for an Associate Manager of GTM Data Infrastructure who will be a technologist in DoorDashs Business Transformation and Acceleration (BTA) group. Your mission will be to transform and manage our data so that it is meaningful for our users, and is available for insights and important processes. You will work with our Business Systems team, Product Management, SalesSupport Strategy  Operations teams to implement technical design for assigned projects, serving as a business aware technical resource to accelerate key business priorities through judicious use of technology such as SQL(snowflake), Python, Databricks, Salesforce, etc.
You will report into our Head of Data Operations and Governance on our Business Transformation and Acceleration team in our Strategy and Operations organization. This role will be 100 remote with the expectation to travel to a hub once quarterly for in-person events.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Make key impacts on business objectives through technological application
Have freedom resolve problems directly with key business partners
Work in a constantly evolving environment with new challenges and opportunities to grow your skills
Continue to grow both your business and technical skills across multiple problem domains
Enjoy solving large ambiguous problems in an iterative approach 

Were excited about you because

You are a practical programer who focuses on outcomes over frameworks
You have a delivery-focused approach that blends a variety of tools to solve important business problems
Experience with Master Data Management, Data Governance, Data Operations, or Data quality measurement
Experience with Python, SQL, Data profiling, Airflow, and Containers.
Proficient in business process analysis, data modeling, process flow mapping, functional architecture documentation, or agile methodologies
Familiarity with Salesforce structures including Account, Lead, Contact, and associationterritory models

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:119,500—190,000 USDColorado Pay Range:119,500—171,000 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:119,500—161,500 USDNew York Pay Range:119,500—190,000 USDWashington Pay Range:119,500—180,500 USD