About the Team
DoorDashs Legal team has built a strong reputation within the company for our highly collaborative and supportive approach to counseling, always with a bias for action. We are a diverse group of lawyers, paralegals, and project managers with a shared passion for providing creative and best-in-class service to our business partners. We go above and beyond to help accelerate and protect the business, and above all else, we value and respect each other as teammates. Were team players and were always looking for ways to grow and excel together. 
About the Role
DoorDash is hiring an exceptional Litigation Paralegal to oversee our personal injury litigation docket at an exciting time for our rapidly growing business. You will be a part of the Legal teams Insurance Litigation group and responsible for owning an important docket of litigation. You will work closely with other in-house counsel and paralegals and serve as a key cross-functional partner for our claims and safety teams. 
The role is based in the Greater Chicago area and will be expected to work from DoorDashs Chicago office on a hybrid schedule. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Be responsible for owning and maintaining the integrity of DoorDashs personal injury litigation docket, from case inception to completion
Assist with retrieving documents via service of process and distributing them to the appropriate stakeholders in a timely manner
Support an integral part of the discovery process, including but not limited to, issuing legal holds, responding to subpoenas, and organizing case files
Improve workflows that directly impact DoorDashs quarterly financial reporting requirements
Partner with our in-house legal team, outside counsel, insurance carriers, and cross-functional teams across the company

Were excited about you because

Youre self-motivated, thrive working autonomously, and exercise sound judgment in a fast-paced environment
You have excellent organization skills and excel at prioritizing multiple tasks at once, following through, and meeting important deadlines 
You maintain a positive attitude and have a high EQ. No job is too big or too small! 
You are committed to fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive work environment
You have 1-3 years of experience managing a large docket of cases at a top law firm or in-house legal department, or similar experience
You have a bachelors degree from an accredited college or university

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.