About the Team
Our sales and partner management teams are the heart and soul of DoorDash, helping us partner with top merchants (think restaurants, grocers, convenience stores, retailers) across the country to grow their revenue and help them operate even better. As DoorDash grows both in scale and scope of offering, the strength of our sales engine and organizational structure must grow with it.
We are looking for a Senior Associate level in Sales Strategy and Operations to accomplish strategic plans that enhance sales productivity by helping our teams be more impactful in targeting and closing the most valuable partnerships at scale. Youll work between our sales, partner management, operations, product, and analytics teams to build the merchant foundation.
About the Role
You will discover and make performance improvements across the sales organization and build the foundation for it to grow. This will include developing go-to-market playbooks, revenue optimization, strategic plans to enhance productivity, process redesign, product roadmap and launches, resource allocation and pipeline analytics. You will sit at the center of our revenue generation engine - this will require prioritization and data-driven insights to ensure our teams are working against the right goals and have the tools needed to achieve them.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Build  Develop and drive adoption of new sales products at DoorDash
Strategize  Work with product to build roadmaps and tie to business goals
Experiment  Scope tests and experiments on everything from adoption to optimization
Implement  Execute new product plans to help our partners grow and operate quickly
Analyze - Build models to evaluate success and find opportunities for improvement
Influence  Work with our Merchant Product, Engineering, Operations and Sales teams to scale business impact

Were excited about you because

You have 3 years of experience in management consulting  tech  design  investment banking  corporate strategy  business development  business operations or related experience; high-growth or early-stage startup experience strongly preferred
You have an established track record of achieving tangible outcomes and moving needles 
You have experience leading projects, working in a team, and motivating people at all levels across a variety of job responsibilities 
You can translate high-level goals into applicable plans  action items 
You have experience working with Salesforce and other CRMs
You have experience working with sales teams across onshoreoffshore
You have excellent Excel skills (can perform complex functions); SQL knowledge a bonus

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:86,500—138,000 USDColorado Pay Range:86,500—124,000 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:86,500—138,000 USDNew York Pay Range:86,500—138,000 USDWashington Pay Range:86,500—131,000 USD