About the Team
When you join our team, you join our dream: to grow and empower local economies. Were focused on improvement—from moving faster to leveling up the quality of our product—and our work is never complete. As DoorDash grows both in scale and in scope of offering, we are excited and passionate about building a community alongside colleges. If youre looking to define your career as part of something greater than yourself, come join us as we launch on college campuses across the U.S.! 
About the Role
As a Campus Launcher, youll have the opportunity to gain practical experience in marketing, advertising, sales, business, or event planning. You will serve as the face of DoorDash on your campus, working with our Strategy  Operations (SO) team to grow our DoorDash and DashPass for Students user base as we launch at universities across the U.S. Youll become an expert on how we tap into hyper-local communities and engage with students to drive customer adoption and expand our campus presence. Your focus will be on engaging with local student communities, partnering with businesses, and implementing creative marketing strategies to drive customer adoption and expand our campus presence.
This role is perfect for students who enjoy a flexible, dynamic work environment and want to be part of an exciting service that caters to their fellow students. You must be a high energy, personable and motivated self-starter. We are looking for enthusiastic  outgoing students who are able to commit 5 hours a week, and who can tackle hard problems with relentless persistence. Above all else, we are looking for team members who are driven and as excited as we are to provide an amazing new service to students!
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Be the ultimate DoorDash advocate, showing everyone why DoorDash is the go-to service for all their food cravings and more!
Devote at least 5 hours a week to introducing students to DoorDashs awesome services through exciting on-campus and off-campus events.
Strategize and execute engaging events thatll make DoorDash an essential part of student life, ensuring that everyone knows about the latest and greatest from DoorDash.
Make new friends and build a strong network within the campus community by collaborating with important student organizations and local hotspots.
Work on a variety of internal projects with multiple DoorDash teams (e.g., operations, merchant selection, sales, etc.)

Were looking for students who are

Innovative. Youll always have fresh and exciting ideas, ready to make a real impact on your campus.
Sales  marketing inclined. You love the idea of diving into the world of marketing, advertising, sales, business, or event planning, and youre eager to learn and grow.
Self-motivated, positive, and team players. You thrive in a team environment, and you bring a great attitude to your work each and every day.
Expert communicators with strong interpersonal skills. You can strike up a conversation with anyone, from a high-up business owner to the friendliest of customers. Youre a people person through and through!
Resourceful. Youre ready to roll up their sleeves and do whatever it takes to get the job done - whether thats pitching an advertising campaign to a local business, or running to the store to get supplies.
Organized and tech-savvy. You can stay organized and are comfortable using tools like Google Calendar and Slack to ensure you show up prepared and ready to collaborate.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.California Pay Range:17.50—17.50 USDColorado Pay Range:17.50—17.50 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:17.50—17.50 USDNew York Pay Range:17.50—17.50 USDWashington Pay Range:18.69—18.69 USD