About the Team
At DoorDash, we serve a diverse audience of Merchants, Dashers, and Customers. Success to us means influencing product and company strategy, while building amazing experiences for all of these audiences. These experiences often stem from insights that the Research team brings to the table. In this role you will be able to help shape and guide the company to bigger and bolder new bets. Your scope will be broad and your autonomy will be high.
About the Role
The Research team is looking for a researcher who will proactively drive insights and innovation within our core consumer products team.
Within the Consumer team, the New Modes group envisions different ways to enjoy the convenience of DoorDash beyond immediate delivery, such as scheduled orders, group ordering, DoubleDash, making a reservation, gifting and dine-in experiences at a restaurant. This team is defining and driving the intersection of the physical and digital experiences. If you are passionate about researching new use cases and being part of a dynamic 01 team, this role is for you! 
Youre excited about this opportunity because youll

Contribute to DoorDashs consumer product strategy and define the future of our service.
Explore complex, ambiguous problem spaces, working with your team to understand the opportunity and then chart a path forward.
Influence the teams approach to product development, shaping both the organization and our processes.
Improve the lives of millions of DoorDash customers every day.

Were excited about you because

You have 4 years of demonstrable experience in quantitative qualitative research andor product, UX, or user research, including writing and analyzing basic surveys.
You can independently and effectively prioritize and define research questions and scope, identify appropriate methods, execute studies, and synthesize findings.
You have excellent verbal and written communication skills, and a willingness to proactively work with functions across the company.
You are passionate about translating findings into creative and strategic business recommendations.
You thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
You have an MAMS or PhD in Human Computer Interaction (HCI), Cognitive or Experimental Psychology, Sociology, Anthropology or a related research or scientific field (While this is preferred, it is not required).

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:134,500—181,500 USDNew York Pay Range:134,500—181,500 USDWashington Pay Range:134,500—181,500 USD