About the Team
Our mission is to promote growth in local economies by building connections with businesses across the nation and promoting the DoorDash platform. Youll focus on leading the sales cycle and closing partnerships with prospective organizations while promoting the DoorDash brand.
About the Role
Were looking for a Sales Manager to lead a team of Enterprise Account Executives across North America.  This manager will be responsible for helping their team get midsize and large organizations who feed their employees frequently to use DoorDash for business for all their meal needs.  Reporting to the Director of Pre-Sales, youll be focused on driving team pipeline creation, coachingperformance management, forecasting, sitting on client calls with reps, identifying growth strategies, providing feedback to product and working with XFN partners, while promoting the DoorDash brand.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Coach and develop your team to be the best
Develop a deep understanding of our platform and customer needs and share this frequently with key XFN teams
Drive pipeline and attainment against teams goals
Liase frequently with key XFN partners and drive growth strategies
Sit on a high volume of customer calls with your reps

Were excited about you because

You have 7 years of experience working in a high volume inside or outside software sales environment
You have experience managing a team of sales reps and coaching talent
You have managed many full sales cycles and have been in a closing and lead generation sales role
You are genuinely curious about people, local businesses, and technology
You have a dynamic personality with a customer-focused mindset
You are creative, persistent, and passionate about sales
You have familiarity with key tools like Salesforce, Outreach, Sales Navigator, Google Apps, Crunchbase, Bombora

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others. In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants and sales commission.California Pay Range:114,000—162,000 USDNew York Pay Range:120,000—162,000 USDWashington Pay Range:114,000—154,200 USD