About the Team
Storefront is one of the fastest growing segments within DoorDash.  We provide the premier white-label delivery  online ordering capabilities, enabling our merchants to reach customers through their own first-party channels while leveraging their own brand identity and voice. On the Storefront Team, we influence every element of our merchant partners business, from marketing, to customer experience, to operations.
About the Role
Were looking for a Senior Associate to help us grow Storefront with the SMB segment of restaurants. This includes building strategies to acquire merchants and help them grow their business once on the platform. You will be responsible for hitting KRs alongside cross functional teams. On a typical day, you may create merchant growth strategies, run experiments to improve operations, use learnings to inform product strategy, dive into data to explain performance at the lowest level of detail and make sure we never stop growing.
You will be a strategy and operations manager with a broad set of responsibilities, including:

Making strategic investments that grow the business
Launching new merchant businesses and being a key advisor to existing ones
Developing, implementing, and driving business-building strategies
Testing growth opportunities, iterating and scaling them across our SMB merchants
Designing a best-in-class operating playbook to drive merchant sales and profitability

The best candidates will be self-motivated, entrepreneurial, willing to take on big challenges, and have exceptional interpersonal and relationship-building skills. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Operate at the lowest level of detail - Diving into the data, talking to merchants  customers, and obsessing over the details to make sure we create value for our merchants 
Grow the product — You will be directly responsible for building and growing a business, including developing tailored growthmarketing strategies and leveraging DoorDash technology, talent and resources
Lead with a merchant-first approach — As the voice of your merchants youll be the expert on some of DoorDashs most important merchants, creating a high degree of visibility and responsibility
Collaborate — Youll work closely with cross-functional partners from Product, Engineering, Analytics, Support, and Marketing to drive execution excellence and innovation to make the company 1 better every day
Scale learnings — Youll drive thought leadership and best practices that can be leveraged across DoorDash; some of our best products and capabilities started as initiatives on the SMB team

Were excited about you because

Proactive — youre motivated by the opportunity to deliver genuine value to our partners and build this business, and youre willing to dive right in
Persuasive — you have a high EQ and youre excellent at motivating potential partners to see the benefits of DoorDash Drive. You have experience leading projects and succeeding in a cross-functional environment
Humble — youre willing to get your hands dirty, collaborate with others, and youre open to feedback
Adaptable — things change quickly in our industry and youll need to be able to keep up
Entrepreneurial — you seek exposure to different types of problems and want to try your hand at different sides of the business

Experienced — 

2 years of consulting  strategy  business development  operations  technology  banking  analytics or related restaurant experience. High-growth startup experience is a plus
You back your decisions up with data and youre comfortable pulling SQL (or learning SQL in the first few weeks) or modeling in Excel (can maintain complex spreadsheets) 
Strong project management skills and ability to run multiple projects simultaneously
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash

We are leaders — Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies.
We are doers — We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions that will lead our company and our industry is what we do -- on every project, every day. 
We are learners — Were not afraid to dig in and uncover the truth, even if its scary or inconvenient. Everyone here is continually learning on the job, no matter if weve been in a role for one year or one minute.
We are customer-obsessed — Our mission is to grow and empower local economies. We are committed to our customers, merchants, and dashers and believe in connecting people with possibility.
We are all DoorDash — The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights. 
We offer great compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.Colorado Pay Range:90,000—122,000 USDCalifornia Pay Range:95,000—135,000 USDNew York Pay Range:100,000—135,000 USDWashington Pay Range:95,000—128,000 USD