About the Team
Its an exciting time to join our rapidly growing Accounting team in Mexico City with ample development opportunities and be part of a growing and dynamic Accounts Receivable (AR) team. We are looking for a Collection Analyst to help shape our Accounts Receivable team. You will report into the Collections Manager on our Accounting team in our DoorDash Marketplace organization.
About the Role
This role will be responsible for supporting Accounts receivable including collections, dispute resolution and customer service. This role will have direct impact on key financial metrics i.e. DSO,  past due and bad debt.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Oversee collection of past due invoices primarily through phone calls and emails
Research and resolve invoicepayment settlement disconnects, past due invoices, deductions, on account cash, etc.
Research credits for pricing discrepancies and disputes
Resolve queue and general inbox customer inquiries
Build and maintain loyal relationships with customers
Monitor customer delinquency and report material payment delays to the immediate manager
Continually evaluate the processes and systems utilized and prepare well researched recommendations for enhancements
Maintain accurate, organized, and complete customer files that assist in providing superior service to our customers

Were excited about you because

Exceptional English skills (Verbal and Written)
Bachelors FinanceAccounting  
3 years of collection experience in a shared service environment supporting North American customers 
Proven track record of successfully managing collections and reducing AR aging balances
Advanced negotiation skills 
Advanced Excel Skills 
Netsuite and third party collection software (Get Paid High Radius) a plus

Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash
We are leaders  Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies.
We are operators  We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions to lead our company and our industry is what we do on every project, every day. 
We are learners  Everyone here is continually learning on the job, no matter if weve been in a role for one year or one minute. We are committed to learning and implementing what is best for our customers, merchants, and dashers.
We are one team  The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights.
About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.