About the Team
DoorDash is building the worlds most reliable on-demand, logistics engine for delivery! Were looking for experienced engineers to join our fast-growing engineering team to help us develop a 24x7, global infrastructure system that powers DoorDashs three-sided marketplace of consumers, merchants, and dashers.
About the Role
Product engineers work at the intersection of product and infrastructure to solve key business problems with elegant technical solutions. Youll operate our backend services and architecture that support all product functionality and will be challenged to consider the big picture -- collaborating cross-functionally, as well as evaluating and executing on trade-offs to maximize business impact for the company. 
At DoorDash, we are committed to connecting people with their favorite local restaurants and ensuring a seamless delivery experience. As a Technical Lead Software Engineer on our Marketplace Growth team, you will play a crucial role in driving our platforms expansion and optimizing our search engine visibility. Your expertise in both software engineering and search engine optimization (SEO) will be key to our continued success.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Develop, release and run large-scale web applications
Develop and define the backend architecture and tech stack for a product area
Improve performance, reliability, scalability and security for our backend systems
Be involved in transitioning our monolithic codebase to a microservice-based architecture
Be innovative with the logistics by solving new, technical problems

Were excited about you because you have

B.S., M.S., or PhD. in Computer Science or equivalent
8 years of industry experience and still hands-on with codingdebugging daily, with a strong emphasis on web development and backend systems.
Proven expertise in search engine optimization (SEO) strategies and techniques
Prior experience working with backend tech stacks
Improve the efficiency, scalability, and stability of several system resources
Experience with service oriented architecture, writing REST APIs, unit testing, and architectural design
Understanding of modern web stacks and architecture (HTTP, REST)
Experience with SQL databases and other technologies (e.g. Postgres, Redis, Elasticsearch, RabbitMQ)
Proficiency in building scalable systems, optimizing website performance, and improving search engine rankings

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. 
DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.Washington Pay Range:208,000—282,000 USD