About the Team
The Community Defense team improves the quality of DoorDash operations through adjudication of background checks, support and appeals handling, and various screening-related functions. You will join a fast-growing team that is hyper-focused on improving the quality of DoorDashs operations and protecting our Merchants, Customers, and Dashers while optimizing the experience.
About the Role
As a Senior Associate of DoorDashs Community Defense efforts, you will provide tactical execution and program management skills to lead the implementation of initiatives to support the Trust and Safety organizations goals. You will partner with multiple stakeholders within the Community Defense team and other teams, including product, operations, quality assurance, support, and legal. You will improve the Dasher experience, resolve process inefficiencies, and keep the teams resources updated. You will concentrate on the fine details while also communicating a high level narrative to leadership and partners. You have some technical experience and a passion for data-driven insights to help make informed decisions that improve our valued community.
You will report into the Manager on our Community Defense team in our Trust and Safety organization.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Develop expertise in how DoorDashs processes and resources work as well as how to use them to achieve positive outcomes
Partner with multiple internal teams to execute important projects while understanding and accounting for upstream and downstream impact
Oversee continued operational success by managing implementation of expansion projects such as international efforts
Determine project goals and outcomes that align with a strategic vision while tracking results and updating progress to the leadership team and partners
Build detailed project plans with tasks, resources, dependencies, and timelines

Were excited about you because

You have experience leading projects
You can operate autonomously while working with partners
You have experience working with and presenting to leadership teams
You have knowledge of Salesforce and Google Sheets

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.