About the Team
Bbot is on a mission to make operating a hospitality business a whole lot easier. Our innovative platform has all the tools merchants need — all in one place — reliable online ordering, reporting  analytics, targeted marketing, and more.
We know that every restaurant is unique, so we built our software to be as flexible as you need. Bbot powers the Friday night dinner rush, the weekend brunch reservations, and everything in between.
About the Role
Bbot, powered by DoorDash is looking for a Go to Market Strategy  Operations Senior Associate to grow Merchants and implement strategic programs that enhance the experience merchants have throughout their life cycle on our platform. Youll work cross-functionally between our sales, launch, operations, product, and analytics teams to build a delightful experience for our merchants.
You will report to the Senior Manager, Bbot SO within our Platform Operations organization. Once our offices reopened in 2023, we expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office, some time remote, and some time traveling on-site to managed Merchants.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Create and execute plans against Merchant growth strategy, identifying areas of opportunity, building the plan and executing to drive outcomes
Implement programs across process, product, and people to move the numbers
Use data-driven analysis to run process improvement tests
Build models and process flows to evaluate quantitative and qualitative business cases for process improvement opportunities
Manage projects with our sales, launch, operations, product, engineering, and business operations teams to improve the merchant experience and achieve targets
Be able to achieve immediate results and adapt in an evolving work environment
Look for ways to improve and want to shape the direction of the company
Influence and motivate people at all levels across a variety of job responsibilities
Independently translate high-level goals into relevant plans

Were excited about you because

Bachelors degree or equivalent experience in finance and accounting
3-4  years of work experience in account management, systems implementation, as well as administering Salesforce, Hubspot, or a similar CRM system
Able to complete tasks accurately, effectively and on time with superb attention to detail
Participated in a successful business process change (measured by adoption). Helped identify the business opportunitychallenge, implement process improvements and tools, and enable stakeholders on process changes.
Experience working successfully cross functionally with individual contributors
Excellent external and internal customer support skills
Proven ability to provide an analysis that impacted a division (ex. SDR, CSM) level decision
Drivenled a successful (measured by adoption) business opportunity, developed process improvements, and enabled stakeholders on process changes.
Proven ability to provide an analysis that impacted a department (ex. Sales, Customer Success) level decision
Experience administering a Configure, Price, Quote (CPQ) tool and process
Experience working successfully cross functionally with other department leads
Experience with operationalizing, reporting, and ownership on critical SaaS metrics (new bookings, churn, SDRAE attainment)
Ownership of a business-critical SalesforceCRM process
Ownership of software procurement and implementation
Proficient with SQL and business intelligence tools especially as it relates to metrics you own
Proficient with API concepts and use of AutomationIntegration platforms

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.Colorado Pay Range:85,000—122,000 USDCalifornia Pay Range:85,000—135,000 USDNew York Pay Range:85,000—135,000 USD