About the Team
DoorDash is looking for top talent to play a pivotal role in growing our New Verticals business in New Zealand and Australia! We are looking for someone who is excited about joining a fast-paced environment and driving our next wave of growth. Join us in our global mission to empower and grow local economies!
About the Role
As a Manager on the ANZ International New Verticals SO team, you will be responsible for launching our New Verticals business in New Zealand. You will drive localization of the New Zealand market to ensure a smooth and successful launch of our Convenience, Grocery, and Alcohol verticals in NZ. You will lead go-to-market activities to unlock the New Zealand market for our New Verticals business, dive into data to monitor performance and root cause any issues, and work cross-functionally with account management, sales, product, legal, and comms teams to drive growth and profitability.  
You will report into the ANZ New Verticals General Manager.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will
Strategize - Work on unique strategies across our three-sided marketplace, identifying product-market fit for our New Verticals business in New Zealand
Build  Implement scalable initiatives and best practices to build a world-class New Vertical operation in NZ from the ground up
Analyze  Leverage data whenever possible to inform your hypothesis as well as build models using tools like Excel and SQL to evaluate the economic and strategic costs and benefits of various programs and experiments
Influence  Partner with many teams like: Account Management, Sales, Product, Engineering, Legal, Policy, Comms, etc. to create strategic plans and harness opportunities while gaining buy-in from stakeholders and leadership
Were excited about you because
6 years experience in consulting, strategy, or related operational experience
You are a self-starter  You have a bias for action and are able to thrive in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment
You are a problem solver  You have a talent for synthesising complex problems, can translate high-level goals into actionable plans, and enjoy implementing a process
You are analytical  You use data to inform tough decisions, and are comfortable operating at both the 10,000 foot level and at the 10 inch level
You are an owner  Youre always looking for opportunities to better your work product and own the outcome  both the good and the bad
About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.