About the Team
DoorDash Labs is an independent team within DoorDash. Were hiring a Senior Operations Associate to lead the operational roadmap supporting hardware needs.  If you have a passion for applying robotics solutions to a service loved by millions of people, then we want to talk to you!
About the Role
We are looking for a driven Senior Operations Associate who is excited about scaling products and working with robotics embedded in an established company. You will help lead the strategy of a rapidly scaling hardware product from inventory; to procurement, to tracking, and maintenance through a high growth period. You will report to the Senior Operations Manager on our robotics team in our DoorDash Labs organization. You will be expected to be local to the San Francisco office and come in weekly. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Project manage and scale a hardware product across an entire market
Effectively communicate status updates to key stakeholders, including timely identification and escalationresolution of issues
Working with procurement to ensure timelines are met, including helping sourcing and budgeting
Maintain reporting on efficiency of operational hardware
Work cross functionally across Doordash verticals to ensure the products success
Implement and maintain a structured and clear inventory system
Work with contract manufacturing  

Were excited about you because you have

3 years of experience
Managed operational efficiency with a rapidly scaling hardware product  
Demonstrated experience in strategy and operations, project management, program management, product launch, operations, high-growth startup or launching major products in market is preferred
A proven track record of operating in cross-functional initiatives and succeeding in a complex and fast moving environment
An analytical mindset and can deliver actionable recommendations out of complex datasets; Proficiency in Excel, SQL experience is preferred but not essential

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:89,000—121,000 USD