About the Team
As DoorDashs core operating team, Customer Experience  Integrity (CXI) ensures that we retain every customer with a seamless experience while protecting the platform and our community from bad actors and harm. Our team supports consumers, dashers, and merchants who need our help via a seamless in-app experience and global network of teammates answering questions and fixing the root cause of issues. We are customer obsessed and work to give each customer who contacts us the best possible experience.
About the Role
This role is responsible for powering the strategic planning, accelerating operations of our horizon 2 or longer term innovation and driving organizational effectiveness - specifically:

Strategic Planning - Driving the business cadence and strategic planning to inform goaling, accountability and communication of strategy
Innovation  Acceleration - How do we pilot and test assumptions to drive business lines for the next phase of growth at DoorDash? This lean team will be focused on incubating the big bets to transform the business.
Org Effectiveness - How do we increase engagement and team effectiveness both for our frontline and management teams? Ultimately it is our people that will the the biggest accelerator of business results

Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Lead a high performing team of Senior Managers to deliver strong results for our customers and employees
Own the PL - working with executive leadership to balance cost efficiencies with customer outcomes
Be a leader of the broader Customer Experience  Integrity leadership team working across Customer Experience, Fraud and Safety Strategy and other core operating teams reporting into our Chief Operating Officer to build a best-in-class operation

Were excited about you because

You are strategic, data-driven and can work with our executive team to delivery company-level results
You thrive leading teams and are passionate about hiring and retaining great people and have experience overseeing large operations
Youre oriented to the goal youre trying to achieve and act with urgency to achieve it
You dont mind digging into details, talking to customers and learning from experience
You want to do right by our customers to provide a scalable, world-class customer experience
You are a strong cross functional collaborator
You have 10 years experience in customer experience, support or similar

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:173,500—276,000 USDColorado Pay Range:173,500—248,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:173,500—276,000 USDNew York Pay Range:173,500—276,000 USDWashington Pay Range:173,500—262,000 USD