About the Team
DoorDash Labs is an independent team within DoorDash. We are working on building autonomous delivery robots from the ground-up as part of DoorDashs core delivery platform. If you have a passion for applying robotics solutions in a service used by millions of people, then we want to talk to you!
About the Role
This role acts as a conduit between Operations and Hardware Engineering, helping to implement Hardware Engineering requests and needs with Operations. You will ensure the operations fleet is operating successfully everyday, and has the needed robots, chase, tooling, spare parts and supplies needed to handle common issues and breakages with minimal downtime and effort. You will report into the Senior Operations Manager on our robotics team in our DoorDash Labs organization. This role will be 100 in-office and on-field.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

 Manage preventive maintenance, repair and tooling needed on Robots, Modules, Chase, Vans, etc.  and create processes, documents and records when needed.
Be the first point of contact for operations when hardware help is needed 
Mentor the broader operations team on process when needed, ensure use of documentation and available resources
Understand when to escalate issues to engineering and be their main of contact for any operational issues
 Build out documentation based on frequently encountered issues seen on the field and escalations
Stay current on robot changes, especially related to functional or daily process related changes 

Were excited about you because you

 Created and maintained scalable workflows and documentation
 Have experience with Jira or other project management software  
 Have assettooling management experience 
 Implemented processes and trained others on them 
 Have technical support experience

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.California Pay Range:72,000—98,000 USD