About the Role
As a member of the Sourcing and Procurement team at DoorDash, this role provides a great opportunity to learn, grow and be challenged. 
Attributes that will help you succeed include strong negotiation, analytical and problem-solving skills. If you have a passion for the personal gratification that comes from a career with a high-growth, high-impact company like DoorDash, we want to talk to you. Were looking for someone with 2 years of relevant experience, eager to learn new business and a take-charge personality having the ability to independently get work done.
What Youll Do

Demonstrate an understanding of business requirements and category strategyownership
Collaborate with eng, finance, sourcing, security, legal and other cross functional stakeholders
Manage new and existing supply base through sourcing, contracting, renewal cycles etc
Demonstrate an understanding of hardware and software sourcing and budget impacts 
Execute category sourcing strategies, including:

Develop and execute RFIs and RFPs
Document bid events
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop selection criteria and drive supplier selection  

Conduct supplier negotiations

Gain alignment from stakeholders
Lead or follow cross-functional, category-based negotiation teams
Implement appropriate supplier risk analysis

Determine KPI measurements for hardware and cloud adoption, usage and sentiment, and deliver reporting to stakeholders across the organization.
Monitor hardware and hardware accessories across the organization for optimal cost-effectiveness, including the elimination of application or department redundancy.
Manage hardware life cycles including the creation of a refresh renewal calendar; build a documented, collaborative evaluation and certification process; and develop action plans for upcoming refresh  renewal dates.
Use influence to coach teams to independently evaluate with best practices and adopt a value-driven mindset when sourcing and procuring new hardware and accessories.
Optimize purchasing agreements 
Develop an overall cost reduction plan, managing category performance versus corporate savings goals and financial models
Implement supplier management programs including metrics, performance goals, and improvement initiatives:

Maintain supplier score cards to measure performance against agreed-upon key performance indicators (KPIs)
Benchmark, track, and analyze annual performance metrics and sourcing trends against commitments on a quarterly basis
Report results to Sourcing team management and members of senior management

Serve as internal point of contact for supplier management and complaint resolution
Actively seek ways to streamline business processes, finding growth or change opportunities within the supply base
Research and share industry category trends and best practices

What Were Looking For 
For success in this role youll bring:

2 years of experience in contract development of hardware and hardware related accessories, IT and Security hardware, IoT hardware, autonomy hardware.
2 years of experience working with ODM, OEM, Managed Service Providers and Value Added Resellers (VAR) 
1 years of experience working with Software vendors
2 years experience in supplier management and negotiations
2 years experience developing and executing strategies
Experience collaborating with resources
Direct to OEM experience
Strong negotiation and influencing skills
Experience managing projects and working with cross-functional teams
Strong analytical skills including the ability to distill, synthesize, and draw conclusions from large amounts of data
Demonstrated ability to manage projects requiring frequent communication, organizationtime management and problem-solving skills
Intermediate-level skill in Google Suite, CongaSalesforce, Coupa, inventory management tools and the ability to learn and leverage various tools and systems
A Bachelors Degree in Finance, Engineering or Supply Chain Related Field or Business-plus-experience in category management; or 2 years in a sourcing or supply chain management role with specific category experience.

Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash

We are leaders - Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies.
We are doers - We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions that will lead our company and our industry is what we do -- on every project, every day. 
We are learners - Everyone here is continually learning on the job, no matter if weve been in a role for one year or one minute.
We are customer-obsessed - Our mission is to grow and empower local economies. We are committed to our customers, merchants, and dashers and believe in connecting people with possibility.
We are all DoorDash - The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights. 

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.