About the Team
DoorDash is looking for top-talent to play a pivotal role in growing our ANZ business. This is a rare opportunity for someone who is excited about joining a fast-paced business! Were looking for deep market knowledge to enable us to best serve our merchants by bringing to market game changing products that will better service their needs, as well as finding new ways to grow our partners business on our platform. Join our never-ending pursuit to empower economies in ANZ and across the globe.
On the Merchant Strategy  Operations team, our mission is to create a best in class restaurant selection and experience, build cutting edge services for our merchants to grow their business and to help our partners operate efficiently on the platform. 
About the Role 
As a Manager in Merchant Strategy and Operations you will support the end to end process for Merchant acquisition through 2 key surface areas:
Market Selection: youll be responsible for finding the best restaurants, figuring out how to get them on DoorDash as efficiently as possible and supporting our go-to-market initiatives for programs that impact our merchant base. Youll work cross-functionally between our sales, partner management, operations, product and analytics teams to build the merchant foundation.
Revenue and Pricing: youll help create a truly merchant first platform by devising pricing strategies and initiatives to accelerate the growth of our restaurant businesses. You will find the balance of creating new pricing packages, bringing to life our suite of products we offer merchants and drive revenue building initiatives for DoorDash and our partners. 
This is an exciting role as you will drive the selection and growth of the New Zealand Merchant organisation through data-driven decisions and coordination of cross functional partners to execute against your plan. This will be an ambiguous role, and will require high amounts of autonomy and planning to continue pushing the envelope of success in New Zealand.
Our mission is to empower local economies and connect businesses. As DoorDash accelerates, were looking for a leader to fulfil that mission and scale our services and operations across our growing partner base. Youll be an innovator who will promote growth and learn where we create value for our next customer.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategise  Devise and execute initiatives against the overall sales org strategy for winning the merchant
Experiment  Use data-driven decision-making and sound business judgment to run sales tests and lead market intelligence efforts
Optimise  Build the best merchant acquisition engine so DoorDash continues to offer the highest quality selection for its customers
Analyse  Build models to evaluate the economics, value, consumer patterns, campaign success and opportunity costs of strategic initiatives intended to multiply rep productivity
Execute - Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop and execute campaigns and initiatives that drive merchant acquisition, engagement and retention. 
Influence  Manage cross-functional projects with our sales, partner management, operations, product, engineering, business operations and business development teams to improve the merchant experience and achieve targets

Were excited about you because

6 years of experience in strategy and operations, commercial management, operations, or consulting; direct management experience, high-growth startup or sales ops experience is preferred
Proven track record of leading cross-functional initiatives, hitting goals, and succeeding in a complex and fast moving environment
Excellent analytical thinker who can deliver actionable recommendations out of complex datasets; intermediate SQL experience strongly preferred as is experience with Salesforce
Expert communication and interpersonal skills

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.