About the Team
On the Outside Account Development team, we expand on existing DoorDash partnerships, while identifying opportunities for further engagement, growth, and performance on our platform. We learn more about the merchants business and growth goals, to build a path to success and increased ROI, while accommodating the variable needs of our partners.
About the Role
Were looking for outside sales executives to join us in a Strategic Account Development Executive role on the Bbot team. You will connect existing merchant partners with new powerful tools on the DoorDash delivery platform. You will ensure the partnership terms make sense for both DoorDash and the merchant. You will ensure sustained success and increased sales. You will report to the Senior Manager, Sales Product Specialists in our Outside Sales organization. We expect this role to be flexible with some time in the field (up to 40), and some time working from home.  Travel (up to 40) is required.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Run your end-to-end sales process, with sales discovery and complex pipeline management skills
Actively contribute as we continue to build our internal playbook for positioning Bbot to existing DoorDash partners
Engage with strategic decision makers, including C-suite, VPs, and business owners, while using data to tell a compelling story
Close our partners on upgrades, upsells, and cross-sells of DoorDash platform products and marketing promotions
Collaborate with DoorDash Account Owners to close and re-negotiate sales terms
Become a product expert for Bbot, eventually helping to educate other internal stakeholders about the product
Travel across your region (up to 40), with flexible hours and options to work from home

Were excited about you because 

You have 6 years of sales experience with at least 2 years selling to existing client base (upsell, cross-sell, promotions, or expansions) or related experience
You have worked in an outside sales environment, leading an end-to-end sales cycle selling a SaaS product
You align company partners, while managing project timelines and expectations or related project management experience
You have knowledge of and proficiency with G Suite
You own client-facing conversations and complex negotiations
You have a baseline understanding of the landscape of the hospitality technology industry
You have experience working in andor selling into restaurants

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants and sales commission.California Pay Range:78,000—124,200 USDColorado Pay Range:78,000—111,900 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:78,000—105,600 USDNew York Pay Range:78,000—124,200 USDWashington Pay Range:78,000—117,900 USD