About the Team
The Finance  Strategy team accelerates the growth of our business by identifying and implementing new opportunities and solutions. We partner with teams across the company to improve the profitability, scalability and defensibility of our business model. Were looking for strategic thinkers who can model the future, solve complex problems, and collaborate effectively to help carry projects from conception through execution.
About the Role
We are looking for someone who will lead the reporting of our consolidated International business, consisting of 28 countries across DoorDash (3 countries) and Wolt (25 countries). This is a unique role with the opportunity to help manage a consolidated view of financial and operational performance to allow for better business decision making and capital and resource allocation across the entire International portfolio. You will be a primary partner to leadership and executives across International and Central HQ to ensure we are making the most efficient investment decisions for the overall company, while improving the experience for all of our marketplace participants globally.
You will report into Senior Director on our International team in our Finance  Strategy organization. We expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Help manage our portfolio and strategy across 28 International markets
Oversee the consolidated International PL and understand all the levers to improve our approach to balancing growth vs. profitability
Be the source of truth for weekly financial reporting and forecasting, and quarterly financial planning for the business
Identify important opportunities and risks to the business, and collaborate with local market teams to measure and evaluate the impacts, propose a solution and investment case, and ensure efficient execution
Leverage local market insights to facilitate cross-country learnings and accelerate speed of execution

Were excited about you because

12 years of experience in Strategic Finance, Corporate Finance, Investment Banking, or Consulting at a high-growth technology startup or well-established company
Proven leader with experience managing multiple direct reports, balancing competing priorities, and interfacing with senior leadership
Ability to influence and drive effective decision making and process management through collaboration with cross-country and cross-functional partners at all levels in a fast-paced environment
Experience in budget and PL management across multiple business dimensions (markets, verticals, products)
Advanced Excel (can maintain complex spreadsheets) and financial modeling skills, with experience building dynamic financial models used by teams across the company

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.New York Pay Range:212,500—287,500 USD