About The Team
Strategy  Operations is the engine that drives the DoorDash business forward, leading priority areas for the company, developing strategies, and driving business outcomes. DoorDash embraces and invests in this function because of our belief in an ownership mentality — our employees can develop the strategy and execute it. 
DoorDash is looking for a hands-on builder and leader to play a pivotal role in building differentiated customer experiences as part of the Customer Growth team.
About The Role
The Strategy  Operations Senior Associate role is for self-motivated, ownership minded individuals who enjoy creating customer experiences leveraging both art and science, thrive on solving complex problems using both data and empathy, collaborate across the organization, and execute to bring strategies to life. 
You will report into our Strategy  Operations Senior Manager on our Customer Growth team. This is a hybrid role with some time in-office and some time remote, ideally in Sydney or Melbourne.  
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Own  build - You are responsible for developing and executing the overall operational strategy for DoorDash homepage. You will increase customer conversion through improving in-app merchandising and customer experience
Experiment - Use a data-driven approach and deep market knowledge to identify improvement opportunities, run tests and make our business 1 better everyday
Influence  Work cross-functionally with our Australia and International teams, such as Strategy  Operations, Marketing, Sales Product, and Engineering
Grow professionally - there is room for professional development and to own additional scope and special projects related to consumer and marketplace side of the business  

Were excited about you because

You have 4 years experience - in operations  project management  strategy consulting  product  technology  
You are able to lead cross-functionally - you will build and lead cross-functional processes across the business strategic areas to improve homepage customer experience  
Proven analytical skills - you have a working knowledge of SQL, can build financial models and dashboards to track key metrics, and conduct deep-dive analyses into specific issues to drive continuous improvement 
You are a self starter who is biased towards action and excels in a fast-paced environment and evolving business

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.