About the Team
The Emerging Verticals and Outside Sales Team is responsible for identifying  scaling both existing and next verticals across DoorDashs Marketplace Products. This is a team consisting of 10 strategic sellers and growing across existing business lines Alcohol and emerging bets including Dashmart and new delivery methods (Alcohol Self Delivery). This role will grow substantially as we scale the New Verticals business for SMB at DoorDash.  
About the Role
As the leader of our Emerging  Outside Sales Team, you will own building new segments within DoorDash and scaling our Outside Sales motions (market blitzes, Road Warriors, Regional Sales teams, and leading key pilots). What were building for these customers is unique: a Marketplace and platform service that allows merchants to attract new customers, catalog their inventory, and reach their existing customers in new ways. In our quest to be your digital key to the physical world, new verticals represent the new major segments after Restaurants that we aim to win. You will also be responsible for sales performance, hiring, retention, job satisfaction, and the team development for your organization, as well as expanded leadership initiatives across the full DoorDash SMBMM Sales organization. This role will collaborate closely with the GM and Product organization to provide Voice of the Merchant feedback to influence our Go-To-Market strategy and product functionality. 
You will report into the Sr Director of New Verticals within our SMB Sales Organization.  You will work closely with our New Categories Mx SO, Sales Ops, General Management, and Product teams. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Build: We are far from done building at DoorDash. You will build teams by recruiting vertical leaders, build programs aimed at growing our people, and build sales functions and motions that increase our productivity.
Train: these are new categories for us, you will be responsible for learning it from the ground up and training your team in prospecting strategies, pitching process, and closing tactics to help them succeed. 
Growth: To achieve multi-generational success, we need to have the strongest talent on our team. Well get there not only by recruiting the best, but also, you will apply deliberate development efforts to that talent to give them the tools to succeed across individual and team functions.
Perform: hitting selection goals is the key to success in all of our new verticals. We operate under a quarterly Objective and Key Result (OKR) system; its the responsibility of our Senior Manager of Pre-Sales to drive the teams performance into the green each quarter, surface the voice of the market, and ask for what is needed to get the team back on track when headwinds set us back. 
Collaborate: Beyond leading your team, it will be your responsibility to help your cross teams across General Management, Sales Ops, Sales Planning, HR, Recruiting, Finance relate to the pain points of our merchants and Sales Reps. Without obsessing over this pain, we will not move as quickly as we need to to remain empathetic to the needs of our customers.
Motivate: the key input to success is our people. The chief constraint on hitting selection goals is doing so while building a high morale team.

Were excited about you because
You have


6-8 years leading sales teams. Foundational experience overseeing and developing Outside sales team members, from sales development to closing roles.
4 years leading sales organizations. We require the experience of leading organizations consisting of several layers and many functions.
Mid-Market andor SMB pre-sales expertise (prospecting, appointment setting, pitching, closing, activating)
At least 6-8 years pre-sales management or senior management experience managing leaders
Track record of consistently achieving 100 to goal
Experience leading andor contributing to strategic planning cycles
Acute understanding of sales operations and processes
Experience building a business, vertical, or product in the past 
Track record of hiring top performers
Can interface between C-Suite and Reps
Comfort with our tech stack, including Salesforce.com, Google Docs, Google Sheets, Outreach.io, Chorus.ai

Youre a builder at heart — you dream big and start small when it comes to business and people leadership and are an owner of deal strategy, job competencies, lead segmenting, and the other key pieces of infrastructure that allow your team to succeed 
Youre comfortable with ambiguity — goals will be aggressive and infrastructure shaky; in the face of uncertainty you truth seek to find problems and show a bias for action to marry those problems with solutions 
You are DoorDash first — you work well with others under the one team one fight mindset and choose optimism on solving pain points in our sales and service of top local grocers 
Youre an insightful communicator — you operate at the lowest level of detail to understand our grocers or operations problems, think outside of the room to identify the audience who most needs to help solve them, and clearly articulate in writing and verbally why these problems should be prioritized
Youre a people expert — you have led People OKRs to help others get 1 better every day, regularly lead trainings to demonstrate what it means to be customer obsessed, and, because of your focus on culture and growth, maintain exceptional employee voice survey results
Youre an empathetic leader — you have a track record of making room at the table for diverse perspectives; building a team that achieves the what is not enough, you accomplish the what and (not or) display our values in demonstrating the how  

Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash
We are leaders  Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies.
We are operators  We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions to lead our company and our industry is what we do on every project, every day. 
We are learners  Everyone here is continually learning on the job, no matter if weve been in a role for one year or one minute. We are committed to learning and implementing what is best for our customers, merchants, and dashers.
We are one team  The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights. 
About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants and sales commission.California Pay Range:121,200—193,200 USDColorado Pay Range:121,200—174,000 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:121,200—164,400 USDNew York Pay Range:121,200—193,200 USDWashington Pay Range:121,200—183,600 USD