About the Team
DoorDashs Legal Team has built a reputation within the company for our highly collaborative and supportive approach to counseling, always with a bias for action. We are a diverse group of lawyers with a shared passion for providing creative and best-in-class service to our business partners. We go above and beyond to help accelerate and protect the business, and above all else, we value and respect each other as teammates. Were looking for a team builder who can successfully work across the legal team, as well as the broader company. Join us!
About the Role
DoorDash is hiring an exceptional, business-minded commercial lawyer to join our legal team. You will own projects that make an immediate impact on a fast-growing, dynamic business.Youll work closely with teams throughout the company, including New Business Development, Strategy, and Sales to open new routes to market and scale the business. You will negotiate high-value deals with some of our most strategic partnersand meanwhile, youll automate and streamline lower-touch, high-velocity work. Above all, youll help our business partners solve problems and take down roadblocks. Lets go!
Were looking for someone with a strong work ethic, excellent analytical and communication skills, and incredibly solid fundamentals as a lawyer. The ideal candidate will be someone who is creative and thinks outside-the-box, is a self-starter who takes ownership over initiatives, and is hands-on taking into consideration the lowest level of detail. 
You will report into the Director, Commercial Legal who leads our partnership, business development, and SMB legal teams.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Serve as the primary legal partner for key areas of our business
Negotiate strategic deals, automate and streamline simple deals, and invent entirely new kinds of deals in close partnership with business partners and Product Counsel
Serve as a trusted advisor and business partner across the company by providing counsel and practical guidance for accomplishing DoorDashs overall business objectives that balances business objectives and legal risk, taking into account companies policies and positions
Drive real change in a fast-paced environment
Learn our business at the lowest level of detail
Join a close-knit, caring team of outstanding professionals
Work closely with other members of the legal team to identify and resolve privacy, tax and regulatory issues
Build and improve contract templates and legal processes
Promote compliance and smart decision-making throughout the business

Were excited about you because

You have a J.D. and are admitted to any US state bar
You have 8 years legal experience in a law firm or in-house legal department, with experience on strategic deals
You have a strong track record of drafting and negotiating a wide range of commercial agreements, including sales agreements, MSAs, software and technology agreements, and partnership agreements
You love getting things right, but that doesnt stop you from getting things done.
You lead, organize, prioritize, and manage projects effectively
Youve never met a legal template you couldnt simplify and improve
You have a proven ability to balance legal risk and business objectives
You work autonomously while exercising sound judgment in a fast-paced environment
You create repeatable, scalable legal processes
You love to cheer on your teammates
You are committed to fostering a diverse, equitable, and inclusive work environment

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:217,000—345,000 USD