About the Team
The mission of the Storage Infrastructure team is to build and operate online stateful systems that are reliable, scalable, and easy to use for the rest of DoorDash engineering. The team is responsible for understanding the product engineerings evolving requirements and evaluating and productionizing the technologies that would serve the company effectively in the long run. The team currently supports Amazon Aurora, Cassandra, CockroachDB, Kafka, and ElastiCache. This is a flexiblehybrid role and the candidate must be located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Seattle, or New York.
About the Role
As a Software Engineer, you will be responsible for the most critical long term technical roadmap of the storage team. You will be working with the latest technologies through vendor relationships and proof of concepts, solving large complex problems, and defining new technology-enabled opportunities. You will use your skills and experience in guiding the engineers and the management leadership on the right technical choices, mentor several senior engineers and hold a high bar of technical competency.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

You are a technology leader. You excel at mentoring and guiding a fast growing organization in setting the right architectural patterns, handling build vs buy decisions, working with various vendors in the databasestorage space, making judicious investments in the right areas anticipating what the company needs a few years down the road.
You think of quick wins while planning for long term strategy and engineering excellence. You are excited about breaking down large systems into manageable, sustainable components that can be iterated on.
Drive decisions on complex or ambiguous storage architecture issues, coordinating with product team to determine requirements, and ensuring improvements are successfully implemented and monitored, finding ways to increase efficiency.
You are excited about cross collaboration with stakeholders, external partners and peer engineering leaders. 
You love rolling up your sleeves to get down to the lowest level of detail.
Maintain, troubleshoot and be on call for engineering and operational support

Were excited about you because

You have 3 years of professional experience building and operating scalable, fault-tolerant, highly available distributed systems.
You have hands-on experience and expertise with large scale distributed database or  caching systems (Ex: PostgreSQL, DynamoDB, CockroachDB, Redis, etc)
Deep understanding of Database internals and query performance tuning.
Backend service and tool development in Golang, Kotlin andor Python
You have experience with incident response, disaster recovery, and are interested in making systems highly available.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.We use Covey as part of our hiring and  or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT. As part of the evaluation process we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using Covey Scout for Inbound on August 21, 2023.Please see the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey here.California Pay Range:144,500—238,000 USDNew York Pay Range:144,500—238,000 USDWashington Pay Range:144,500—238,000 USD