About the Team
The Finance  Strategy team is responsible for accelerating the growth of our business by identifying and implementing new opportunities and solutions.  We partner with teams across the company to improve the profitability, scalability, and defensibility of our business model. Were looking to hire strategic thinkers who can model the future, solve complex problems, and collaborate effectively to help carry projects from conception through execution.
About the Role
We are looking for a Senior Manager who will play an integral role in building our business strategy and ensure we are making the most efficient investment and capital allocation decisions for DashPass, our fast-growing subscription-based membership program. This role will partner cross-functionally with teams across the business to support strategic business and financial decisions. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Collaborate with key stakeholders to develop new processes and investment decision making frameworks 
Drive strategic decision making in a fast paced constantly changing environment
Oversee the financial viability and performance of our adoption and retention initiatives
Own the quarterly planning process in collaboration with our SO counterparts
Work to optimize our approach to balancing growth vs. profitability
Identify and quantify key risks  opportunities in our business
Support special projects to continuously improve, automate, and scale forecasting and reporting tools, processes, and methodologies
Track and analyze key businessfinancial KPIs, uncover trends and assess currentfuture business risks and opportunities
Operate in a fast-paced and dynamic environment that is constantly evolving

Were excited about you because

8 years of strategic finance, corporate finance, or investment banking experience at a high-growth technology startup or well-established company
Have subject matter expertise in consumer subscription businesses, and have prior experience owning and forecasting key inputs (adoption, CTP, retention, ARPU) and outputs (subscriber balance, subscription revenue)
Ability to influence cross-functional partners at all levels within an organization
Experience managing forecasts for major departments within an organization
Advanced Excel, google sheets and financial modeling skills.  Able to build robust financial models used by teams throughout the company, and to size opportunities and build business cases for pursuing new initiatives
Basic SQL proficiency (or willingness to learn).  Able to manipulate large data sets, uncover hidden insights in our data, and meaningfully improve our understanding of our business through this process  

Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash
We are leaders  Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies.
We are operators  We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions to lead our company and our industry is what we do on every project, every day. 
We are learners  Everyone here is continually learning on the job, no matter if weve been in a role for one year or one minute. We are committed to learning and implementing what is best for our customers, merchants, and dashers.
We are one team  The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights.
About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:155,500—247,000 USDNew York Pay Range:155,500—247,000 USD