DoorDash is looking for top-class machine learning engineers to build reliable, scalable, and data-driven solutions to empower the intelligence of the rapid-growing DoorDash advertising platform.
About the Role
Machine learning engineers on the Ads team have the opportunity to dive into a wealth of consumer and merchant data, and leverage advanced machine learning techniques to maximize the value for our consumers, advertisers, and DoorDash.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will...

Develop advanced machine learning models to improve ads efficiency and quality.
Design and build optimization algorithms for budget pacing and automated bidding to achieve various advertising goals. 
Establish a data-driven framework to understand how the bid density and market competitiveness would affect advertising value and platform revenue. 
Develop new data solutions (eg. embeddings and consumer profiles) to target the relevant audience.
Be responsible for the end-to-end ML lifecycle, including ideation, offline model training, online shadowingdeployment, experimentation, and post-launch monitoringmeasurement.
Build and extend the current dataML infrastructure to empower Ads data applications including data analysis, ML modeling, and experimentation.
Scale our systems and services to fuel the growth of our business.

Were excited about you because you have...

M.S., or PhD. in a technical field such as computer science, mathematics, statistics, physics or equivalent.
3 years ML industry experience with a solid understanding of machine learning algorithms and fundamentals.
Experience building datafeature engineering pipelines at scale using Pyspark and Snowflake SQL.
Experience with building machine learning systems in production by using frameworks such as PyTorch, Keras, lightgbm, scikit-learn, Spark ML, or related.
Experiences in any of the following areas are preferred but not required:

Online advertising
Search relevance  ranking
Recommendation system


About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. 
DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USDNew York Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USD