About the Team
Our Platform Account Development team is responsible for the adoption and growth of Platform solutions with our hundreds of thousands of SMB restaurants in the US (SMB defined as  150 locations). This sales specialist team partners with our Account Management team to understand the first party (i.e. online ordering) growth goals of our restaurant customers and tailors our many solutions to meet their needs.  
About the Role
As the leader of Platform Account Development, you own the sales performance that is the main input to our SMB platform volume goals. You do this through hiring, developing, and performance managing great talent, building an inclusive and motivating work environment, and working with our SO and Product partners to build the optimal customer experience. You will report to our Senior Director of SMB Restaurant Success on our SMB Post Sales team in our SMB Sales organization. We expect this role to be hybrid with a minimum of one week per month in-office. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Lead the GTM for a top company priority. DoorDash built our lead in restaurant selection through a cohesive and scaled sales effort. As more merchants join our Marketplace, our opportunity to grow our Platform business grows too. This role will lead the charge in new Platform adoption growth within our existing base of SMB restaurants.
Build a high performing sales team. We are still early days in understanding and mapping how inputs translate to outputs. Our Platform AD lead will investigate our sales math, ringfence efforts to learn more and quickly about what the most effective sales tactics are at each stage of the funnel, and scale learnings and performance quickly through their ranks.
Learn from the front to enhance our customers and employees experiences. While guiding across many functions, our leaders remain as customer obsessed as our front line sellers. Our Platform AD lead will leverage their own learnings from conversations with merchants as well as scaled learnings from their team to build better processes and programs that help make our merchants and peoples lives easier.
Partner with our GMs and Product team to elevate our offering. To win the next tier of SMBs we must evolve our service. This role will harness their teams conversations and technology to give voice to the customer with our General Management and Product teams.
See around corners for the team. Whether planning for the next quarter, for the next year with new products, or for several years down with new organizations, this role will be responsible for shepherding our Platform Account Development team into the future. 

Were excited about you because

Youre a high achieving sales leader. You have built and executed pipeline strategies. You know how to coach front line leaders and lean on your customer obsession to regularly meet with prospects, both to understand and resolve their pain points at an individual level and to create system-wide solutions. 
Youre accustomed to complex and multi-stakeholder environments. This will include Sales Operations for goals and tracking, Finance for deals, SO for team strategy, goal accountability and product feedback to name a few. Importantly, you embody our one team one fight mentality in partnering with our Account Management team, who own the relationship with our restaurant partners.
You are a great people leader. You are energized by building programs to develop and grow your people and their people, you take pride in making room at the table to improve low engagement teams, and you are accustomed to working with our people business partners to ensure were maximizing performance and engagement simultaneously.
You find and lead 0 to 1 opportunities. We are constantly enhancing existing products and introducing new products to our suite of Platform services. We are looking for someone who loves to get to the lowest level of detail to find product-market fit and scale small businesses within large organizations.
You look for the win win wins. The scale of our ambition is great and we look to our leaders to balance unbridled optimism in finding the wins for our customers, their team, DoorDash and truth-seeking challenger mindset to guide the team towards those wins.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.We use Covey as part of our hiring and  or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT. As part of the evaluation process we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using Covey Scout for Inbound on August 21, 2023.Please see the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey here.California Pay Range:162,000—257,600 USDColorado Pay Range:162,000—232,000 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:162,000—218,800 USDNew York Pay Range:162,000—257,600 USDWashington Pay Range:162,000—183,600 USD