About the Team
Our Enterprise Business Development team is a group of experienced and dedicated professionals who are passionate about driving growth for DoorDash and for our Restaurant Merchants. We work closely with our Account Management and cross-functional teams to identify and pursue new business opportunities. Our team is results-oriented and focused on driving both profits and product adoption, while providing exceptional service to our clients. We value innovation and strategic thinking, and naturally gravitate towards using data and insights to build consensus and influence client decisions.
About the Role
As an Enterprise Partnerships Executive for DoorDash, you will lead negotiations with the companys largest global Restaurant partners. You will collaborate with all product 
teams, finance, and legal to determine pitch strategies and run deals to deliver on our
GMV and product adoption goals. You exhibit strong communication, presentation, and negotiation skills, and are able to participate in business-level and revenue-focused conversations with C-level executives at publicly traded companies. You will report into a Senior Director, Enterprise Partnerships on our Enterprise Partnerships team in our Enterprise Sales organization. Once our offices reopen, we expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Identify, pursue, and close new business opportunities with existing Enterprise and MidMarket Restaurant Merchants
Lead negotiations and new product partnerships across DoorDash Marketplace and Drive (white label fulfillment), that have a significant impact on the companys bottom line
Develop and manage a pipeline of prospects, and accurately forecast both revenue growth and product adoption
Reach and exceed individual quota while contributing to overall team and business goals
Exhibit executive presence and confidence in presenting DoorDash to C-suite executives
Partner with Enterprise Partnership Leads and cross-functional teams (finance, legal, GMs, technical teams, account management) to ensure successful execution of all aspects of the sales process, from lead generation to post-sale account management
Serve as an industry thought leader in third-party delivery in order to drive merchant success leveraging DoorDashs ongoing product and technology developments; continuously stay up-to-date on industry trends and competitors activities

Were excited about you because

You have 6 years of successful B2B sales and business development experience with a proven track record of achieving or exceeding set targets
You have experience working with commercial agreements, including structuring and negotiating agreements outside of standard sales contracts and TOSYou have experiences with C-level negotiations and demonstrate an ability to not only think strategically, but also execute effectively to meet business objectives 
You are collaborative and work effectively in a team environment, balancing needs of cross-functional teams and external stakeholders
You have strong communication, presentation, and negotiation skills
You enjoy operating in an ambiguous and fast-paced environment

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants and sales commission.Colorado Pay Range:108,000—145,800 USDCalifornia Pay Range:114,000—162,000 USDNew York Pay Range:120,000—162,000 USDWashington Pay Range:114,000—154,200 USD