About the Team
DoorDashs New Business Verticals organization focuses on accelerating one of our strategic pillars — DashMart, our grocery delivery offering. Were building and scaling new ways to delight our customers, leveraging the DoorDash platform.  DashMarts goal is to provide fresh, high quality, and local groceries to customer doorsteps, wherever that doorstep may be! The Strategic Real Estate team is responsible for identifying new locations for DashMart and optimizing our current DashMart real estate footprint.  
About the Role
We are looking for an Associate for our Strategic Real Estate team. You will be responsible for assessing DashMarts real estate footprint in each market we serve, conducting related analysis (e.g. market evaluation, analyzing tradeoffs, making recommendations), and working with internal and external stakeholders. This means everything from defining high-level strategy to understanding nitty-gritty operational details. From first principles, youll help develop the optimal approach to best serve our customers in all markets across the country. In this role, you will report to the Sr. Manager of the Real Estate  Launch team in our New Business Verticals organization. We expect this role to be remote, with an opportunity for Hybrid work.
Youre excited about this opportunity because

You solve problems from first principles.  Youre excited to solve problems in innovative ways, and you resist this is how its always been done thinking.
Youre unafraid of ambiguity.  Rapid change and learning is exciting to you, and you thrive in ambiguous, startup environments.
You thrive at bringing teams together.  This role interacts with multiple teams, including Construction, Regulatory, Legal, Strategy  Ops, and Local Operations. You like to keep everyone aligned in a coordinated workflow.
You get excited to implement new ideas and processes. You enjoy creating and leading new workstreams and processes.
You value efficiency and control.  You like to get work done quickly and efficiently, but you also appreciate when its necessary to have checkpoints for quality control and alignment.

Were excited about you because

Youre a strategic thinker. You excel at seeing the bigger picture, identifying trends, and craft long-term market strategies that align with business goals.
Youre analytical minded.  You let data win arguments, and youre comfortable with modeling in Excel. Some experience writing queries in SQL is a plus.
You can execute on multiple work streams.  DashMart has ambitious goals for 2023 and beyond. You will improve our market strategies, oversee deals, and drive forward key projects simultaneously; meeting deadlines for all.
Youre equally comfortable operating at 10,000 feet and 1 foot.  You dont hesitate to get in the weeds and operate at the lowest level of detail, but youre just as comfortable thinking long-term. No job is beneath you.
You are a collaborator.  You possess excellent communication, project management, and stakeholder management skills. You know how to bring the team with you.
You have 1-2 years of experience.  Youve succeeded in high-performance cultures (whether in tech, operations, strategy, consulting, or a related experience).

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.Colorado Pay Range:86,500—117,500 USDNew York Pay Range:78,000—106,000 USD