About the Team
At DoorDash were building the industrys most scalable and reliable delivery network to support our three-sided marketplace of consumers, merchants, and Dashers. Security is integral to the success of the business, as we secure the data of our Merchants, Customers, Dashers, and Employees, while also protecting privacy. Our teams span several capabilities, including application security, cloud security, corporate security, security detection engineering, security platform engineering, and security threat response. We also have GRC teams dedicated to maturing our processes to maintain compliance and mitigate security risks. Our goal is to meet the velocity needs of the business while continuously maturing our security program. Its no simple task, but it wouldnt be interesting if it was!
About the Role
Our team is looking for a Staff Program  Portfolio Manager to join the extended leadership team in our growing Security organization. This role will drive our largest and most complex programs, while continuing to mature strategic planning cycles. This resource will use a practical understanding of core security capabilities at an e-commerce company coupled with their experience in cross organization facilitation and stakeholder management to drive decisions. Portfolio management responsibilities include setting OKRs, program prioritization, and demand management across Security teams. DoorDash leaders are able to successfully balance delivery and execution while fostering a collaborative and inclusive work environment by using DoorDash values as guideposts.
As a member of the centralized Planning  Program Management team, you will report into the Chief of Staff, Security  IT. We expect this role to be 100 remote, or hybrid for employees who choose to work from a DoorDash office location. Occasional travel is required for major planning meetings.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Planning  Portfolio Management: You will drive planning for Security objectives and key results and assist in the prioritization of the programs required to achieve them. You will provide visibility into high level timelines and resource utilization across the portfolio to inform decisions.
Program Execution: You will partner closely with Security leaders and teams, business function owners, and IT or Engineering experts to deliver our most complex, large scope programs.
Process Optimization: You will implement portfolio and program improvements to manage complexity and optimize velocity. You consider when to pursue light touch versus more robust processes to ensure success and support business change.
Technical: You will develop a working understanding of primary security solutions and their interdependencies, allowing you to contribute to efficient, secure design and own effective issue resolution via creative problem solving and mitigation planning.
Change Management  Communications: Youll lead others through change by helping them understand the purpose and the role they play, utilizing proactive and focused communications, timeline management, and progress toward program goals. You will convey technical concepts and complex tradeoffs to non-experts and experts alike.
Stakeholder Management: You will manage expectations by establishing strong, trusted relationships.
Lead by Example: You will mentor junior peers across our growing teams and surface other ways of upleveling the organization with your experience and library of best practices.

Were excited about you because

You have 8 years of experience leading security programs across the ecosystems of vulnerability management, identity and access management and predominant corporate technologies, with exposure to production build and deploy pipeline processes, demonstrating growing responsibility over time. 
You are familiar with cloud technologies (e.g., AWS or GCP) and the security standards required to protect the services and the infrastructure they run on.
You have experience working at a technology company balancing high-growth needs with progress toward long term goals.
You are proficient at seeing the big picture. Youve successfully aligned disparate teams toward a common goal. 
You evaluate solutions for impacts to people, process, and technology. You are adept at identifying gaps and raising issues, even when its uncomfortable, seeking the optimal solution. 
You are comfortable leading discussion around system architecture, integrations, design trade offs, and best practices in security or compliance requirements.
You are comfortable taking action, leading teams forward and re-calibrating as more information is available.
You assess multiple factors to determine priority and by understanding when incoming requests require urgency or compromise.
You have navigated the business processes required to obtain funding approval, set forecasts, and procure assets, software, and services.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others. In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:177,000—282,000 USDColorado Pay Range:177,000—253,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:177,000—282,000 USDNew York Pay Range:177,000—282,000 USDWashington Pay Range:177,000—282,000 USD