About the Team
DashMart is a store made possible by DoorDash. Customers order their convenience items in the DoorDash app, and our Warehouse Associates pick and pack those orders in a real, brick-and-mortar convenience store.
DashMart stocks everything from convenience store and grocery store essentials to specialty, artisanal food items. We partner with everyone from big brands everyones familiar with to local craftspeople and chefs that maybe only the locals know.
Shifts:  Morning, Day, Evening, Weekend, Part-Time and Full-Time
About the Role

Picking and Packing orders. Pick orders that come through the app, pack the order and hand off to our drivers.
Inventory and Spoilage Management. Stock receivables and manage inventory, including shelf life.
Warehouse Organization. Clean and organize the warehouse.
Delight Customers. Ensuring substitutions are approved with the customer.

Youre excited about this opportunity because

Competitive pay (10pm-6am will even receive a 2 increase in pay)
Health benefits starting day 1 for full-time employees
Gym membership reimbursement (up to 75month)
Paid time off (PTO) and sick leave
Career advancement opportunities
SmartSpend plus discount program for goods and services (including several cell phone discount plans)
DoorDash gives back (https:blog.doordash.com)
Being a part of a new concept business and helping to build it

Were excited about you because...

Youre self-motivated, positive, and a team player
You have a proven track record of success in a retail environment
Youre able to be on your feet and handle warehouse duties including lifting up to 40 pounds (with or without accommodations).
You have a high school diploma or GED equivalent

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. 
DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.Base Pay Range:15—15 USD