About the Team
Were looking for someone to help scale DoorDashs next billion dollar business, DashMart. The DashMart team is focused on building a new type of convenience store, offering household essentials, groceries and local restaurant favorites to our customers doorsteps.
About the Role
You will lead our Labor Operations team for DashMart. You will focus on enabling our business to grow by translating our labor model into a strategic roadmap to drive labor efficiency at the market level across the DashMart business. You will dive into analyzing operations, strategic workflow design, and building internal processes related to Labor for our field operations teams. You may also have experience in marketplace growth, with a high bar for solving complex problems using data as your source of truth. You will report into a Senior Manager within the New Business Verticals organization. We are in a hybrid model, so we do get our teams together a few times a year for in-person collaboration. All our offices are open should you choose to go in on a more regular basis! 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Build. Youll have your fingerprints all over DoorDashs next big business. Youll launch, get 1 better every day, and scale something completely new. This means everything from high-level strategy to minute operational details.
Strategize. From fundamentals, youll develop the strategy for best serving our customers.
Analyze. Youll assess the operational and financial impacts of your decisions, and iterate based on data.
Lead. Youll work with multiple teams, including engineering, product, design, operations, finance, and marketing to build this new line of business for DoorDash.

Were excited about you because

Youre excited to be creative on how you work through problems
You dont hesitate to get in the weeds and operate at the lowest level of detail, but youre as comfortable thinking long-term and inspiring a team.
Youre unafraid of undefined processes. You are passionate about defining and carving out scope and processes for you and your team. You excel at working with a diverse group of people.
You love data. You let data win arguments, and youre comfortable modeling in Excel (can perform complex functions), SQL  Tableau.
You have 6 years of experience. Youve succeeded at expanding businesses (whether in tech, operations, strategy, consulting, banking, or a related experience).
You have completed your BSBA Degree

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.Colorado Pay Range:137,000—185,000 USDCalifornia Pay Range:144,500—206,000 USDNew York Pay Range:152,000—206,000 USDWashington Pay Range:144,500—195,500 USD