About the Team
The New Verticals group is a collection of Product Managers, Engineers, and Operators defining and building on our vision of connecting customers to the best of their cities all across the world  whether thats a new neighborhood restaurant, a trusted nearby grocery store, or a local retailer.
About the Role
DoorDash is looking for an Engineering Manager to lead the Catalog Quality engineering team. This team is responsible for ensuring the quality of our product catalog, which is a critical asset for our Grocery, Convenience, Alcohol and Retail businesses.
As an Engineering Manager, you will partner closely with stakeholders to define strategy and drive execution of projects that help curate the catalog and improve data quality. 
This team is based in Seattle and you will report into a Senior Engineering Manager within our New Verticals organization.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Lead and grow a team of exceptional engineers delivering end-to-end backend engineering and ML based solutions
Collaborate with Product Managers, ML engineers, Taxonomists, Business leaders, and key stakeholders to determine the teams roadmap and vision, and manage the execution against that roadmap
Encourage innovation, teamwork, implementation of cutting-edge technologies, and outside-of-the-box thinking
Oversee the hiring process for your team, in partnership with recruiting, to grow a diverse and inclusive team

Were excited about you because you have 

BS, M.S., or PhD. in Computer Science or related field
3 years of experience in people management, leading high-scale, platform engineering teams of at least 5
8 years of industry experience
Extensive experience as an engineer in a fast-paced, platform-focused development environment
Hands-on leadership and strong product intuition
Humility - willing to get into the details and open to feedback
Growth mindset - youre eager to expand your skill set and excited to carve out your career path in a hyper-growth setting
Experience with distributed system design, system scaling, and performance optimization
Adaptability, resiliency, and ability to thrive in ambiguity - things can change quickly, and youll need to help the team evolve

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.Washington Pay Range:208,000—282,000 USD