About the Team
Its an exciting time to join our fast-growing Accounting team with ample development opportunities. Were looking for a Lead AP Analyst who is excited to learn and scale with us. You will support all aspects of Accounts Payable including processing invoices, reviewing employee expense reports, and promptly assisting vendors and partners with their billing inquiries. 
About the Role
This role will be responsible for leading the enquiry team and will report to the AP Manager on our Accounting team. This role will be remote within Mexico.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Process invoices
Track and resolve out of policy invoices, expense reports and unapproved invoices, and providing supporting documentation to accountants, vendors and partners
Resolve vendor and partner billing and reimbursement challenges by communicating directly with vendors and internal personnel
Contribute to the creation and implementation of best practices and associated training materials of our Accounts Payable processes
Help manage the Accounts Payable service desk for all partners
Ad-hoc analyses and projects

Were excited about you because

You have 4 years of experience in Accounting preferably in Accounts Payable
Experience with ERP systems (i.e., NetSuite)
Experience with procurement systems (i.e, Coupa)
Written and verbal proficiency in English
You can navigate the tools and policies needed to resolve billing issues including our company policy wiki, NetSuite, Coupa, ZIP, and the AP service desk
You can balance between attention to detail and swift execution

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.