About the Team
The Experimentation Platform Team develops the state-of-art platform in industry that enables Data Scientists, ML Engineers and non-technical audience to come up with hypotheses; design, set up and analyze the experiments; and conduct exploratory and causal analysis. At DoorDash, where we run thousands of experiments per month, our mission is to equip all decision makers with rigorous, data-driven insights by democratizing experimentation with quality and velocity. The team consists of a mix of experienced veterans of backend, web, statistical and data infra engineers and work closely with the data science community. 
Some of the interesting work done in the team was published in articles such as:(1)  Meet Dash-AB-The Statistics Engine of Experimentation at DoorDash, (2) Supporting Rapid Product Iteration with an Experimentation Analysis Platform. We help enable and unlock interesting solutions our product teams use such as (3) The 4 Principles DoorDash Used to Increase Its Logistics Experiment Capacity by 1000, (4) Improving Online Experiment Capacity by 4X with Parallelization and Increased Sensitivity, etc.
About the Role
If you want to solve the toughest engineering challenges, build cutting-edge experimentation products and work with some of the smartest people in the industry, DoorDashs Experimentation Platform is the right place for you. Come join us and be part of the mission.
You will report into the engineering manager on our Experimentation Analysis Platform team in our Data Platform organization. Once our offices reopen, we expect this role to be hybrid (Bay Area) with some time in-office and some time remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will...

Work on the end-to-end developing cutting-edge experiment features with fast iteration and huge impact on business
You will work alongside our Data Analysts, Data Scientists, ML Engineers and Data Infrastructure engineers to collaborate on important projects that need user interfaces and tools needed for workflows, data discovery, integrations and visualizations of various analytics
Expand the infrastructure and tech stack supporting the large-scale experimentation volume and computation load
Help build Experimentation Analysis platform that can evolve to handle new statistical methodologies, machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies and advanced causal inference and data mining techniques

Were excited about you because you have

B.S., M.S., or PhD. in Computer Science or equivalent
Exceptionally strong knowledge of CS fundamental concepts and OOP languages
5 years of fullstack industry experience (web  backend) 
Located in the Bay Area
Experience architecting large-scale frontend applications
Mastery of the foundations of the web: vanilla JS, HTML5, CSS3
Deep understanding of REST principles and experience working with and implementing backend APIs.
Experience and knowledge of GraphQL
Experience with React (or similar frameworks) and TypeScript
Experience with JavaKotlinPython
Experience with any of the Big Data technologies (e.g. Postgres, Redis, Elasticsearch, Snowflake, Mode, Segment, Spark etc.)
Experience with documentation, unit and integration testing
Nice to haves

Experience running experiments or conducting data analysis
Familiar with a cloud based environment such as AWS


About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USD