About the Team
DoorDash is looking for top-talent to help grow our Australian business! Were looking for passionate individuals with deep market knowledge to allow us to best serve our consumers, Dashers, and merchants. Join our never-ending pursuit to better power economies in Australia and across the globe.
About the Role
DoorDash is looking for a Sales  Partnerships Manager to join the New Verticals Enterprise team, to help promote and execute the strategy for our CPG (Consumer Packaged Goods)  partners. While reporting to the New Verticals Partnerships lead in Australia, you will work closely with the central DoorDash CPG team to build an advertising vision for CPG in Australia, develop relationships with the largest CPGs, and grow our largest advertising partnerships.Our team is seeking founding team members to build an industry-leading CPG ads and promotions business across DoorDashs core categories. The growing DoorDash ads business will quickly become the single best place for brands to market to local customers, in an ecosystem that benefits all parties. 
What youll do...

Oversee the strategy for engaging with, developing business with, and selling to our largest CPG partners
Steer the development, adoption, and scaling of CPG revenue including finding the right contacts and establishing new relationships
Lead end-to-end marketing conversations across a portfolio of consumer packaged goods (CPG) advertisers from initial business development to on-going growth and marketing campaigns
Maintain pitch decks and sales content to help produce new business opportunities
Create and execute marketing campaigns; own post-campaign reporting
Work with partners across DoorDash to align companywide resources to help build-out our partners digital businesses
Build direct relationships with important partners throughout each brand, ensuring client needs are met at all levels

 
Were excited about you because you
 

Have 8 years of experience working in a SalesBD, Partnerships, Marketing or Strategy role
Have experience working atwith top-tier CPG, convenience or grocery brands
Have experience buildingselling digital marketing  advertising products and an understanding of key metrics (ROAS, impressions, CPA, CPM, attachment) 
Love working directly with clients; you create and maintain long-term relationships
Know how to take very broad challenges or opportunities and turn them into actionable projects with clear goals
Are analytically minded, have strong excel (g.sheets) modeling skills and always use data to ground your decisions and make your case

Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash...

We are leaders - Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies.
We are strategic - We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions that will lead our company and our industry is what we do -- on every project, every day.
We are learning - Were not afraid to dig in and uncover the truth, even if its scary or inconvenient. Everyone here is continually learning on the job, no matter if weve been in a role for one year or one minute.
We are customer obsessed - We are committed to our clients and connected through our vision of Delivering Good
We are all DoorDash - The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights.
We offer great compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits
You will be proud to say that you work for DoorDash and will know that the work you do brings joy to our clients every day

About DoorDash
DoorDash is a technology company that connects customers with their favourite local and national businesses in the United States, Canada, and Australia. Founded in 2013, DoorDash empowers merchants to grow their businesses by offering on-demand delivery, data-driven insights, and better in-store efficiency, providing delightful experiences from door to door. By building the last-mile delivery infrastructure for local cities, DoorDash is bringing communities closer, one doorstep at a time. Read more on the DoorDash blog or at www.doordash.com.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of the best and brightest from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to thrive.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.