About the Team
DoorDash is building the worlds most reliable on-demand, logistics engine for delivery! Were looking for experienced engineers to join our fast-growing engineering team to help us develop a 24x7, global infrastructure system that powers DoorDashs three-sided marketplace of consumers, merchants, and dashers.
About the Role
Product engineers work at the intersection of product and infrastructure to solve key business problems with elegant technical solutions. Youll operate our backend services and architecture that support all product functionality and will be challenged to consider the big picture -- collaborating cross-functionally, as well as evaluating and executing on trade-offs to maximize business impact for the company.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will...

Develop, release and run large-scale web applications
Develop and define the backend architecture and tech stack for a product area
Improve performance, reliability, scalability and security for our backend systems
Be involved in transitioning our monolithic codebase to a microservice-based architecture
Completely disrupt logistics by tackling bleeding-edge, technical problems

Were excited about you because you have...

B.S., M.S., or PhD. in Computer Science or equivalent
5 years of industry experience
Prior experience working with backend tech stacks
Ability to analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, and stability of various system resources
Experience with service oriented architecture, writing REST APIs, unit testing, and architectural design
Understanding of modern web stacks and architecture (HTTP, REST)
Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases and other technologies (e.g. Postgres, Redis, Elasticsearch, RabbitMQ)
Nice To Haves
Experience building large scale, real-time applications
Experience with JavaKotlin
Contributor to open source projects

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. 
DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.