About The Team
DoorDashs Public Policy  Social Impact Team advocates for legislation that supports the health of our business and empowers our community of Dashers, local business partners, and consumers. Through our advocacy on cutting-edge public policy issues and the programs that we develop, we are shaping the future of local economies. This unique team combines direct engagement with policymakers at all levels of government, advocacy campaigns, policy research and analysis, and programs to promote equity, safety, and sustainability. 
About The Role
DoorDash is hiring an experienced policy executive to lead our State and Local Government Relations team. This leader will manage a team of regional Government Relations professionals across the United States, who are responsible for addressing a wide range of business-critical, fast-moving policy issues at the state and municipal levels. You will be responsible for supporting this team to promote effective collaboration, identify and respond to national trends, create opportunities for proactive engagement, and ultimately drive positive policy outcomes. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Shape the future of our industry by designing and implementing our state and local policy strategy in all 50 U.S. states and Puerto Rico, working cross-functionally with senior leaders across our policy, communications, legal, marketing, operations, and product teams. 
Manage a dynamic team of policy professionals who are at the forefront of challenging, multi-faceted policy issues ranging from the future of work, to support for small businesses, to food access, data privacy, taxes, and more. This team is the best in the business (were biased, but its true).
Partner closely with teammates across the Policy  Social Impact Team — including Policy Development  Research, Social Impact, and Public Engagement — to oversee the development and implementation of policy campaigns that elevate the DoorDash brand and achieve favorable legislative outcomes. 
Manage and approve budget activity for the U.S. State  Local Government Relations team and ensure that other resources for priority issues and opportunities are provided. 
Develop a deep understanding of business priorities and legislative trends to inform our reactive and proactive work around the country. 

Were excited about you because you have

An extraordinary track record managing high-stakes policy issues at the state and local level in an in-house role. We are looking for at least 12 years experience in fast-paced corporate public policy environments at the state and local level, with at least 7 years experience managing a function critical to business growth. 
A devoted following from the people you have led, including in-house teams and external consultants. We believe strongly in supporting and growing our talent at DoorDash and are looking for a leader who is passionate about supporting their teams growth and development.
An optimistic outlook, even in the face of adversity, and an inclination toward proactive engagement. At DoorDash, we often defy the odds to achieve extraordinary outcomes. It all starts with the ability to dream big and have a plan.
A collaborative approach to your work. Our teams success depends on effective collaboration within our team and with business partners. Embracing the unique role of the Government Relations team and drawing on the full resources of our broader team is critical to our continued success.
An operational mindset that enables you to seamlessly manage internal and external processes and stakeholders. 
Experience providing strategic counsel to senior policy executives and C-Suite members. Providing insights and advice to internal stakeholders is an important component of this role.
Superb communication skills in one-on-one, group, and town hall style settings with internal and external stakeholders.

Bonus Points

Experience in the tech industry, particularly the on-demand economy.
Knowledge of the policy issues including the future of work and support for restaurants and other small businesses.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:221,000—299,000 USDNew York Pay Range:221,000—299,000 USD