About the Team
The Merchant is at the core of DoorDash. The Merchant Team, one of the largest in the company, powers many facets of our business and is one of the primary drivers of growth and revenue. On the Merchant Strategy  Ops team, our mission is to have best-in class restaurant selection, build cutting edge services for our merchants to grow their business, and help our partners operate seamlessly.
About the Role
We are looking for an operator with a strong bias to action who loves using data to solve problems. Youll join our Revenue and Operations team, where we operate relentlessly towards profitable growth by designing pricing strategies, owning product go-to-market plans and incubating new ideas to help our partners. Specifically, you will take ownership of our Merchant Pricing function, which will involve creating and executing new pricing strategies, leading go-to-market planning for merchant products and supporting other revenue growth initiatives that will accelerate the growth of our merchants businesses.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize  Devise and execute initiatives against the overall sales org strategy for winning the merchant
Experiment  Use data-driven decision-making and sound business judgment to run sales tests and lead market intelligence efforts
Optimize  Build the best merchant acquisition engine so DoorDash continues to offer the highest quality selection for its customers
Partner: You love equipping other teams with what they need to be successful. You are able to take feedback and put it into action. 

Were excited about you because you have

4 years of experience in consulting, strategy, finance, analytics or business operations experience
A proven track record of analytical problem solving, managing cross-functional initiatives, and succeeding in a fast moving environment
An analytical mindset and can deliver actionable recommendations out of complex datasets; SQL experience is preferred as well as financial modeling experience

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. 
DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.British Columbia Pay Range:115,000—173,000 CAD