About the Team
The DoorDash Design System team is seeking a talented motion designer to join our team. Our team builds components, patterns, themes, and tools that are used by our designers and engineers to build the best in-class user experience across DoorDashs three-sided marketplace (Consumer, Dasher, and Merchant). Our team helps raise the bar for design craft and polish, making our experiences intuitive and joyful. 
About the Role
This role will take the reins and lead us in developing a world-class motion design system. We are looking for someone who can create strategic and conceptual UX motion design proposals, present to cross-functional partners, and build excitement for this new system. This motion system will need to feel tailored to each marketplace, enhancing the experience by making it feel more performant, intentional, and full of flavor. The system will need to include a library of animations and motion tokens and guide designers to create their own experiences, leveraging these resources. 
This role will report to our Head of Design Systems and work closely with our Prototyping Lead. You will be expected to work in a hybrid model, 2-3 days a week onsite from one of our Design Hubs.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Lead the design of a motion system from the ground up
Create strategic and conceptual UX motion design proposals
Develop behavior paradigms, specifications, transitions, animations, and micro-interactions
Plan and guide motion execution to improve the performance experience and make our UI feel fluid and responsive. 
Collaborate with our prototyping and research functions to validate your approaches
Define motion patterns and create documentation to inspire product designers
Provide hands-on support to product designers 
Work on strategic motion projects to support new DoorDash experiences

Were excited about you because

You are a motion designer and animator who thinks systematically.
You have an impressive portfolio of bespoke animation work, as well as systematic motion. 
You have excellent design skills. You care about every detail being right.
You think about how your designs will be implemented, and can collaborate with engineers to add capabilities to our design system.
4 years of experience as a motion designer or animator, working on mobile and web applications.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:161,500—218,500 USDNew York Pay Range:161,500—218,500 USDWashington Pay Range:161,500—218,500 USD