About the Team
At DoorDash, were redefining the future of on-demand delivery. To do this, were building a world-class product organization, in which each of our product managers play a critical role in helping to define and execute our vision to connect local delivery networks in cities all across the world!
About the Role
Product Managers at DoorDash require a sharp consumer-first eye, platform thinking and strong cross-functional collaboration. As a Product Manager at DoorDash, you will own the product strategy and vision, define the product roadmap and alignment, and help drive the execution. You will be working on mission-critical products that shape the direction of the company. 
You will report into one of the following pillars: Merchant, Consumer, Operational Excellence, Ads, Logistics, or New Verticals. 
This role is a hybrid of remote work and in-person collaboration.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Drive the product definition, strategy, and long term vision. You own the roadmap
Work closely with cross-functional teams of designers, operators, data scientists and engineers
Communicate product plans, benefits and results to key stakeholders including leadership team

Were excited about you because

You have 5 years of Product Management Industry Experience 
You have 4 years of user-facing experience in industries such as eCommerce, technology or multi-sided marketplaces
You have proven abilities in driving product strategy, vision, and roadmap alignment 
Youre an execution power-house 
You have experience presenting business reviews to senior executives
You have empathy for the users you build for
You are passionate about DoorDash and the problems we are solving for

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:144,500—282,000 USDNew York Pay Range:144,500—282,000 USDWashington Pay Range:144,500—282,000 USD