About the Team
The Risk  Insurance team at DoorDash is responsible for all things corporate insurance at the company. We are a rapidly growing and exciting function that helps DoorDash manage risk and safety with a close lens on the companys bottom line. We are looking for forward thinkers that are excited to help build out this team and match our ambitious cross functional partners at DoorDash.
About the Role
We are looking for a passionate Senior Actuarial Analyst who will be a member of DoorDashs Corporate Risk  Insurance function within the Finance  Strategy team. As one of the newest members at Corporate Risk  Insurance, youll have the rare opportunity to improve our data capabilities, and seek data-driven insights to inform our insurance risk management decisions. This includes advising operational strategy and enabling optimal structuring of insurance programs. 
You will report to the Senior Manager, Actuary
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Produce streamlined, cutting-edge tools and conduct quantitative analyses to inform operational strategy, enable optimal structuring of insurance programs, and assist risk management efforts
Lead the development and maintenance of tools and dashboards essential for in-depth loss analysis and trend identification
Collaborate closely with senior team members to elevate monthly performance metrics and implement automation strategies
Partner with cross-functional teams to ensure seamless task execution within established timelines
Compile data using internal and external data sources
Exhibit ownership of assigned tasks and drive insightful analysis

Were excited about you because you have

Flexibility, resourcefulness, optimism, grit, and a growth mindset
Prior experience working with or for a gig or sharing economy company is a plus.
4 years of experience in a quantitative or analytics role; insurance experience a plus 
Understanding of statistical analysis (e.g. hypothesis testing, experimentation, regression) and familiarity with statistical packages
Experience managing relationships with partners, and working with all levels of an organization
Strong Excel (or Google Sheets), SQL, and experience with ETL and and Python (or R) is preferred 
Advanced visualization skills using Tableau, and ability to tell a compelling story with data
Completed at least 4 actuarial exams
Experience in reserving or predictive modeling is a plus
Experience working with commercial auto insurance in a reserving andor pricing capacity a plus

Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash

We are leaders - Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies.
We are doers - We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions that will lead our company and our industry is what we do -- on every project, every day. 
We are learners - Were not afraid to dig in and uncover the truth, even if its scary or inconvenient. Everyone here is continually learning on the job, no matter if weve been in a role for one year or one minute.
We are customer-obsessed - Our mission is to grow and empower local economies. We are committed to our customers, merchants, and dashers and believe in connecting people with possibility.
We are all DoorDash - The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights. 
We offer great compensation packages and comprehensive health benefits.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:106,000—144,000 USD