About the Team
Come help us build the worlds most reliable on-demand, logistics engine for last-mile retail delivery! Were looking for an experienced machine learning engineer to help us develop modern growth and personalization models that power DoorDashs growing retail and grocery business.
About the Role
Were looking for a passionate Applied Machine Learning expert to join our team. As a Senior Machine Learning Engineer, youll be conceptualizing, designing, implementing, and validating algorithmic improvements to the growth and personalization experiences at the heart of our fast-growing grocery and retail delivery business.  You will use our robust data and machine learning infrastructure to implement new ML solutions to make the consumer search experience more relevant, seamless, and delightful across grocery, convenience, and many other retail categories. You will demonstrate a strong command of production level machine learning,  experience with solving end-user problems, and collaborate well with multi-disciplinary teams.
You will report into the engineering manager on our New Verticals Consumer ML team. We expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote (LI-Hybrid).
 Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Develop production machine learning solutions to build a world class personalized shopping experience for a diverse and expanding retail space
Partner with engineering and product leaders to help shape the product roadmap applying ML
Mentor junior team members, and lead cross functional pods to create collective impact

You can find out more on our ML blog here
Were excited about you because you have

3 years of industry experience developing machine learning models with business impact, and shipping ML solutions to production. 
Expertise in applied ML for Causal Inference and Recommendation Systems  -  both classical and deep learning based. Additional familiarity with exploreexploitMAB algorithms, LLMs!  
Machine learning background in Python; experience with PyTorch or TensorFlow preferred. 
Familiarity with KotlinScala 
Ability to communicate technical details to nontechnical stakeholders
M.S., or PhD. in Statistics, Computer Science, Math, Operations Research, Physics, Economics, or other quantitative fields
You keep the mission in mind, take ideas and help them grow using data and rigorous testing, show evidence of progress and then double down
Desire for impact with a growth-minded and collaborative mindset

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USDNew York Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USDWashington Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USD