About the Team
DoorDash is looking for a Strategy  Operations Associate to help grow DashPass, DoorDashs subscription business. We are seeking someone to join our team who can generate insights, conceptualize  test new products, and implement experiences that will reach millions of people around the world. DashPass is one of DoorDashs fastest growing  largest products, meaning youll have the opportunity to make a big impact on the company at large.
About the Role
This role will help oversee the strategic development of DashPass, DoorDashs subscription business, with the goal of building a best-in-class membership for the most engaged users on DoorDash. On a typical day, you might lead a new initiative, run and refine experiments to improve subscriber retention, dive into data to explain market performance at the lowest level of detail or metric trends, think up new ideas and translate them into an actionable test, and make sure we never stop learning  executing.
Our best Strategy  Operations Associates are motivated, analytical, creative and have exceptional interpersonal and relationship-building skills. Theyre generalists who are willing to roll up their sleeves and do whatever it takes to make their business successful.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize - Innovate and work on product strategy within the DashPass business
Experiment  Use data-driven decision-making and sound business judgment to run tests on everything from new features to lifecycle programs to pricing 
Analyze  Build models to evaluate the costs and benefits of various programs and experiments
Influence  Partner with many teams to make your ideas come to life; Product, Marketing, Analytics, Finance, Design, etc. 
Build  Implement your ideas into scalable products and provide a world-class operation

Were excited about you because

You have 1-2 years of experience in strategy, product, analytics, growth operations or related; subscription business or retention marketing experience is a plus
You can solve analytical problems quickly, and are experienced in SQL andor Excel
You have a track record of leading initiatives, hitting goals, and succeeding in a team environment
You enjoy solving different types of problems, and like thinking outside of the box. You like to learn new skills, and can apply them to your work quickly and independently. 
You are an owner, meaning you take responsibility for outcomes, have experience being in the drivers seat, and want to shape the vision and direction of the company
You have a bias towards action, are scrappy, and can pivot when you learn new information
You can influence and motivate people at all levels across a variety of job functions

Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash
We are leaders  Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies.
We are operators  We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions to lead our company and our industry is what we do on every project, every day. 
We are learners  Everyone here is continually learning on the job, no matter if weve been in a role for one year or one month. We are committed to learning and implementing what is best for our customers, merchants, and dashers.
We are one team  The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights.
About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:73,500—117,500 USDColorado Pay Range:73,500—106,000 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:73,500—117,500 USDNew York Pay Range:73,500—117,500 USDWashington Pay Range:73,500—115,000 USD