About the Team
Who are we?
As an IT Senior Engineer, you will play an important role in the Corporate Applications Team within DoorDash IT. Corporate applications team leads design, architect and develop applications to enable best employee experience, cross functional process efficiencies by automating and compliance. 
But who are we, really? 
Well, were a group of fearless go-getters who tackle challenges head-on and turn them into opportunities. Our office is a dynamic environment where creativity and fun know no bounds. High-fives and fist bumps are the currency of appreciation around here! We pride ourselves on our collaborative spirit, creativity, and a shared passion for getting the job done while having a blast along the way.
About the Role
In this role, we are looking to hire a deeply technical, hands-on and creative full-stack engineer to build enterprise solutionsproducts that improve employee experience, efficiencies across teams, reporting and data security. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Conceptualize, design, present, and execute a forward-thinking creative digital design and web experiences, including websites, microsites, landing pages, and more
Support internal consumers by building UI solutions and tools. 
Build resilient automation tools to streamline IT business processes and efficiencies.  
Partner with Security Engineers to collaborate on exciting projects.
Partner with IT Leadership to develop data warehouse and reporting tools for IT tickets, assets and other key processes. 

Were excited about you because you have...

5 years of software development experience with multiple programming languages and frameworks (NodeJS, Python, Java  Kotlin, Go, Swift)
Expertise in design principles and programming techniques to create reusable assets
Expert in computer science and engineering: algorithms, data structures, programming, databases, design patterns, virtualization, etc.
Expertise with modern frontend frameworks such as React or Angular 
Strong experience with HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript. 
Ability to analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, security, and stability of system resources.
Experience in building large-scale microservice-based architectures  working with cloud services like AWS, GCP, or Azure
Experienced in DevOps tools such as Jenkins and CICD processes
Experience using generative AI technologies like ChatGPT
Experience with LLMs is highly desirable.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, and ability to collaborate with remote team members across time zones.
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or related discipline.

Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash
We are leaders  Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies.
We are operators  We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions to lead our company and our industry is what we do on every project, every day.
We are learners  Everyone here is continually learning on the job, no matter if weve been in a role for one year or one minute. We are committed to learning and implementing what is best for our customers, merchants, and dashers.
We are one team  The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights.
About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:177,000—282,000 USDColorado Pay Range:177,000—253,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:177,000—282,000 USDNew York Pay Range:177,000—282,000 USDWashington Pay Range:177,000—282,000 USD