About the Team
DoorDash Drive is our companys hypergrowth fulfillment platform serving restaurants, grocers, and retailers across the United States and abroad. DoorDash Drive allows restaurants, grocers, and retailers to enable ecommerce fulfillment for their first-party experiences.
As part of the Drive Restaurants Strategy  Operations team, the Associate Manager will have the opportunity to help define, test and scale Drives most profitable bets. 
About the Role
As an Associate Manager for DoorDash Drives Strategy  Operations team, you will play a critical role in driving the growth and success of our white label catering delivery service. You will be responsible for executing strategies to acquire new restaurant partners and helping them grow once they are on our platform. You will be responsible for hitting KRs alongside cross functional teams. On a typical day, you may create merchant growth strategies, run experiments to improve quality and catering delivery operations, use learnings to inform product strategy, dive into data to explain performance at the lowest level of detail and make sure we never stop growing. The ideal candidate for this role should be a self-starter with an entrepreneurial mindset, able to take ownership and create plans from scratch, and drive execution while obtaining cross-functional buy-in to achieve DoorDash Drives strategic goals.
You will report into a Senior Manager in our Drive Restaurants Strategy  Operations organization.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Dive into data, talking to merchants and customers, and obsessing over the details to make sure we create value for our merchants 
Grow a profitable product within a high-growth business by developing tailored growthmarketing strategies by leveraging DoorDash technology and products
Work closely with cross-functional partners from Product, Engineering, Analytical, Support, Business Development and Sales, and Marketing to drive execution and excellence on behalf of our merchant partners and align company-wide resources to make our product even better 
Analyze complex data sets paired with partner team feedback to provide insights and recommendations to our leadership
Steer the scaling and optimization of operations and quality across Drive

Were excited about you because

You imagine, develop, and execute on workstreams from start to completion with little oversight 
You are resourceful and can engage other teams and resources to independently figure out answers to nebulous questions
You oscillate easily from strategic considerations to tactical execution 
Are a self-starter who is energized by a difficult problem 
Have a passion for building
You display extreme ownership across every workstream while ruthlessly prioritizing what will actually move the needle 
You maintain a careful balance between attention to detail and swift execution
You operate comfortably in ambiguous environments while maintaining a strong bias for action
You communicate precisely dependent on audience and level of detail necessary to share 
You collaborate effectively with cross-functional team members across the organization
You represents the DoorDash brand with humility and a customer-first mindset
Experience in a complex or high-growth environment required
4 years of relevant experience

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.Colorado Pay Range:98,000—139,500 USDCalifornia Pay Range:98,000—155,000 USDNew York Pay Range:98,000—155,000 USD