About the Team
DoorDash is scaling its Canadian business at an unprecedented rate, and we are hiring a Senior leader to lead our Enterprise Partnerships team. As the leader of our countrywide enterprise sales team, you will be responsible for the strategic vision, acquisition, development, and growth of our relationships across our largest customer segments and product verticals.  You will report to the Head of International Partnerships for DoorDash and also sit on the senior staff of our Canadian Leadership team. Canada is a critical piece of DoorDashs success and has an important seat at the table, as a market that is known for innovation and ability to win. 
About the Role
As the Head of Enterprise Partnerships  you will continue to build and lead a large team as we deepen our partnerships with Canadas most strategically important merchant partners. You will be responsible for the overall health of both our Enterprise acquisition business as well as scaling our account management teams. 
Specifically you will lead a 15 person Canadian sales team including Pre-Sales and Post Sales. This role will develop the strategic framework(s), and operating model(s) for these teams to consistently hit local, and National targets, across all product lines.  This includes leading sales teams responsible for merchant acquisition, business development account management, and cross-sellingupselling.
This role reports to the Head of Enterprise Partnerships for DoorDashs International markets.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Scale a rapidly growing business
Lead exploratory discussions with prospective partners to determine market fit, size, and readiness for new product offerings.
Lead, develop, and grow a phenomenal team of high performing salespeople and relationship managers
Nurture and grow executive relationships at Canadas largest restaurant businesses
Own the strategy and execution for engaging with and selling into our largest partners
Work cross-functionally and serve as the liaison between our partners and DoorDash leadership, product, legal, operations, and other functional teams

Were excited about you because 

Leadership Focused  -- You have 15 years experience growing and managing a team with experience in both deal making and account management
Relationship Obsessed  -- You have 10 years experience managing complex partnerships and developing novel approaches to grow them with c-suite stakeholders
Partnership Structuring  --  You are an analytical thinker who enjoys diving into financial models and mapping out sophisticated deal structures. You can lead a complex, multi-party partnership.
Impact Driven -- You have demonstrated a natural desire to make a measurable impact on the business
Multi-Disciplinary -- You are happy juggling many priorities concurrently

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. 
DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants and sales commission.British Columbia Pay Range:266,400—399,200 CAD