About the Team
The Dasher  Logistics team is responsible for ensuring every delivery is completed with speed, accuracy and a positive Consumer, Merchant and Dasher experience. Were building the worlds leading last-mile logistics platform and we believe that in order to accomplish this well need to disrupt ourselves a few times along the way! Our team owns initiatives that touch all parts of the Dasher  Logistics life cycle ranging from cost  quality, to Dasher pay, to Dasher retention, to order batching and beyond.
About the Role
You will own and lead our Dasher  Logistics outcomes for our Restaurants Marketplace business. You will be responsible for driving growth through improving our quality and finding opportunities to reinvest cost savings from our business. Your responsibilities will include:

Developing our strategy  go to market for how we improve our delivery quality to drive growth and finding opportunities to reinvest cost savings from our business
Being directly responsible for our cost and quality metrics across a subset of our product offering and develop plans to improve performance
Owning day to day execution on initiatives that enable us to achieve our vision and north stars
Working cross-functionally with our Product, Engineering, Finance, Analytics, to improve our profitability, enable growth, and influence the progression of our business
Leading the set up, execution and go-to-market of new product and operational initiatives to improve our fulfillment capabilities 

Our vision is to be the most cost efficient and best-in-class quality last mile delivery platform for Customers  Merchants, while ensuring that our Dashers love delivering Restaurant Marketplace orders.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize: You will develop the strategy to best serve our audiences through a period of growth
Own: be directly responsible for our cost and quality metrics across a subset of our product offering and develop plans to improve performance
Influence: Work cross-functionally with our Product, Engineering, Finance, Analytics, to improve our profitability, enable growth, and influence the progression of our business
Implement  Lead the set up, execution and go-to-market of new product and operational initiatives to improve our fulfillment capabilities 
Lead: You will manage a strong team.  Youll hire and retain top talent, and build team culture

Were excited about you because

You have 8 years of experience and have succeeded in high-growth teams (whether in tech, operations, strategy, consulting, banking, or a related experience), and youve led teams to achieve audacious goals
You want to affect change every day and can operate in energizing environments
You have a talent for managing complex projects, driving high-level goals into measurable plans, and enjoy implementing processes at the lowest level of detail
You love thinking about problems from a fundamentals approach, you translate strategic vision into measurable success metrics and applicable plans
You seek exposure to different types of problems and want to try your hand at different sides of the business
You can build a diverse team of high performers, helping champion development of DoorDashs future leaders
You lead and motivate teams to set and achieve aspirational goals
You back your decisions up with data and youre comfortable pulling SQL or modeling in Excel

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.Colorado Pay Range:155,500—222,500 USDCalifornia Pay Range:155,500—247,000 USDNew York Pay Range:155,500—247,000 USD