About the Team
DoorDash is looking for top talent to play a key role in growing our New Zealand business. This is a rare opportunity to join a dynamic, fast-paced team at the early stages, and shape the future of the on-demand economy in New Zealand.
Strategy  Operations builds the future for Consumers, Merchants, and Dashers on the DoorDash platform, and is ultimately responsible for the growth of our business. 
About the Role
Our best Associates are truth seekers who enjoy solving difficult problems, working across the team, and effecting change every day. They are generalists who combine business context and analysis to unpack a problem, define a solution from first-principles, and roll up their sleeves to get things done.
On a given day, you may define the value of a new initiative, run and refine experiments to drive growth, dive into data to explain market performance at the lowest level of detail, build tools that allow teams to scale their work 10x, and work side-by-side with other teams to develop our future product.
You will report into the General Manager of New Zealand on our Strategy  Operations team. This role will be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote.
Think this is you? Read on
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Analyze  Build models to evaluate the economic and strategic costs and benefits of various programs and experiments
Strategise - Innovate and execute on unique strategies across our three sided marketplace.
Influence  Work cross-functionally with our Operations, Product, Engineering, Analytics, Sales, etc. teams to drive strategic initiatives and harness opportunities.
Build  Youll have your fingerprints all over the future of DoorDash New Zealand. This means everything from high-level strategy to the operational details.

 Were excited about you because

You have 2 years work experience in banking, consulting, bizops, strategy, operations, technology, startups, or related experience
Youre analytical  you can dive into the data, independently structure an analysis, and draw the most important insights. You have advanced Excel skills.
Youre a generalist  you seek exposure to different types of problems and want to try your hand at different sides of the business. You roll up your sleeves and do whatever it takes to make things successful.
Youre a problem solver  you can independently translate high-level goals into actionable plans

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.