About the Team
The Risk  Insurance team at DoorDash is responsible for all things corporate insurance at the company. We are a rapidly growing and exciting function that helps DoorDash manage risk and safety with a close lens on the companys bottom line. The team is divided into three separate subgroups: Actuarial, Claims Operations, and Risk Management  Mitigation. We are looking for forward thinkers that are excited to help build out this newly-formed team and match our ambitious cross-functional partners at DoorDash.
About the Role
We are looking for an experienced claims specialist who will be a member of DoorDashs Corporate Risk  Insurance function with the Finance  Strategy team. You will work with our insurance carrier partners and third-party claims administrators with a focus on auto insurance claims. You will help form a comprehensive strategy around claims handling at DoorDash. Prior insurance experience is required, with an understanding of injury and property damage claims.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Ensure investigation, evaluation, and reporting of claims
Oversee the entire lifecycle of assigned claims following established claims handling strategies
Work directly with our carriers to investigate and expedite claims.
Work with all support departments to investigate Auto, General Liability, and Occupational Accident claims.
Participate and promote improvements.
Help develop product and Help Center changes to provide a positive user experience when accidents occur and promote self-service on our platform.
Manage the DocuSign, Salesforce, Google Excel (can maintain complex spreadsheets), and Drive Folders to ensure streamlined classification.

Were excited about you because

3 years in insurance claims adjusting, Trust and Safety, Fraud, Risk Management, or a related role
Experience working with or for a gig or sharing economy company
Experience handling high priority escalations and working promptly to provide resolutions
Enthusiasm for Insurance

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.