About the Team
DoorDashs mission is to grow and empower local economies. By building intelligent, last-mile delivery technology for local cities, DoorDash connects people with the local businesses they care about — helping grow businesses and the communities that support those businesses. To further this mission, were looking for an experienced marketer who will sit at the intersection of growth, brand and operations, to develop integrated marketing strategies for our Consumer business at DoorDash.
About the Role
As an Associate Manager, you will help develop audience-first strategies around key cultural and celebratory occasions that meet the unique customer needs during these moments. In this role specifically, you will focus on reaching new and existing customers and identify ways to bring them to the platform with new intent. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Assess marketing opportunities and develop insights around Occasions (in partnership with Insights team), acting as the voice of the Cx and expert for the Marketing organization
Develop the Occasions strategy (the what), encompassing goals, category focus and core value proposition, keeping the consumer at the heart of our approach
Work with Brand, Creative, Growth and Retention teams (the how)  to bring the strategy to life with campaigns and initiatives across paid, owned, earned, and in-app that bring cultural relevance and cut through crowded conversations
Interface and day-to-day collaboration with SO counterparts to develop overarching and initiative strategy(s), cross-functional leadership updates, and reporting on key initiatives and campaigns
Work with Analytics, SO and channel teams to set the right goals and KPIs
Develop tracker of campaign deliverables across marketing channels
Track primary metrics across functions, reporting progress out to org and senior leaders
Establish a strong working relationship with cross functional stakeholders in our Product, Operations, Analytics and Marketing teams
Stay current on marketing best practices, cultural trends and competitive landscape

Were excited about you because 
You have:

Fluency across the marketing mix, fully understanding marketing principles and its role across the funnel
The ability to connect with people, build relationships and influence with authority
A strategic, business-mind; you find trends in the data and look to gather audience first insights
A creative and collaborative inclination; you love working with a team and solving challenging problems in new ways
An extraordinary bias for action; youre dependable, self-motivated  ability to multi-task.
A track record of driving and measuring business success through Marketing
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:112,000—178,000 USDColorado Pay Range:112,000—160,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:112,000—152,000 USDNew York Pay Range:112,000—178,000 USDWashington Pay Range:112,000—169,500 USD