About the Team
Our US Marketplace team is responsible for growing the DoorDash business in the US, helping customers to discover  order whats best in their city, merchants to grow their sales, and dashers to find flexible work. 
About the Role
DoorDash is looking for a GMDirector of Selection to help grow DoorDashs Restaurant business. We are seeking someone to join our team to own and execute our restaurant selection strategy. This includes identifying, targeting, and acquiring the best restaurants for customers in every city, and innovating to add new types of unique offerings to the platform. The selection team sits on the US Marketplace team and is a critical driver of growth for the business, meaning youll have the opportunity to make a big impact on the company at large. 
We are looking for someone who enjoys both crafting strategy and rolling their sleeves up to execute the strategy. You will work with product, engineering, sales, operations, business development, and other teams to make your vision a reality.
We expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize: You will develop the strategy to best serve our customers through a period of growth. 
Build: You will develop and lead 0 to 1 opportunities. You will create the roadmap for new products and services, determining how to invest our resources to achieve desired outcomes.  
Operate: You want to get to the lowest level of detail, and scale.
Collaborate: You value partnerships, and will excel at working across Operations, Product, Sales, Engineering, and more to bring new products and services to merchants.
Lead: You will manage a strong team.  Youll hire and retain top talent, and build team culture.  

 Were excited about you because

You have 15 years of experience in a role in strategy and operations, general management, business operations, or management consulting.  
You are strategic and driven with a passion for the local delivery economy and an understanding of the competitive landscape
You have a talent for summarizing complex problems, and can translate high-level goals into actionable plans
You have people management experience, and will enjoy developing a team of operators.
You dont need a guide. You dive into difficult problems and come up with a plan.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:212,500—287,500 USDNew York Pay Range:212,500—287,500 USDWashington Pay Range:202,000—273,000 USD