About the Team
The DoorDash Enterprise Grocery team manages the strategic vision, acquisition, and development of the largest grocery partnerships in North America. This team sits within the New Verticals Business Development organization.
About the Role
The Grocery Partnerships Senior Associate will help steer the companys effort to adopt and partner with grocers and CPGs at all levels of the sector. Digital grocery is expanding, and DoorDash is making meaningful strides to become a leader in this sector. You will report to a Senior Manager, Grocery Partnerships. We expect this role to be flexible in terms of time spent remote, in-office, and traveling to visit merchant partners.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Steer the development, adoption and scaling of new business opportunities
Develop long-term business plans alongside our partners for their multi-channel customer strategies
Maintain pitch decks and sales content to help create new business opportunities
Build product testing and roll-outs on the ground with grocery and cross-functional team members
Work with partners across DoorDash to align companywide resources to help build-out our partners digital businesses

Were excited about you because

Youre Impact Motivated -- You have a natural desire to improve the overall business
Youre Curious -- You love digging into low levels of detail to extract insights
Youre Strategic -- You love to find the win-win in develop novel agreement structures to grow business with partners
Youre Resourceful -- You are happy juggling many priorities concurrently and being creative with solutions to move fast
Youre Collaborative - You enjoy working with lots of different people, both external and internal

Qualifications:

2 years of account management, consulting, banking, or strategic partnerships in technology or high growth  early stage startups
Bachelors degree required
Business Development andor Partnerships experience
Experience with Analytics and Presentation tools
Prior investment banking, consulting experience (preferred, not required)
Proficiency in analytics  visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Sigma, SQL)

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants and sales commission.California Pay Range:110,000—156,440 USDNew York Pay Range:115,600—156,440 USD