About the Team
The Outside Sales team has been the face of DoorDash to our merchant partners since our founding in 2013. Stationed locally, this team creates deep partnerships with the most coveted local and regional merchants in any given geography. At DoorDash, these partnerships help strengthen operations, accelerate consumer growth, and improve our bottom line.
About the Role
Were looking for a Spanish-speaking Sales Development Representative to join our Outside Sales team to bring the best local and regional merchants on to DoorDashs platform! As a Sales Development Representative, youll join a team of experienced operators who have excelled in the art of booking qualified meetings. As part of the team youll support the West region - and all the opportunities within it! The team is laying the foundation for what will eventually be the single biggest competitive advantage for DoorDash — industry-leading partnership terms with the best merchants.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Identify, contact, and qualify the most important merchants and their decision makers in your market
Partner with Regional Account Executives to secure meetings that forward the interests of both DoorDash and our merchant prospects
Conduct high-volume cold calling (65 dials per day) and emailing to access and qualify decision makers
Refine sales messaging, prospecting, qualifying, and closing techniques
Report directly to the Sales Development Manager, who will directly support your growth in your role and career.

Were excited about you because

You have 1 years experience in high-volume outbound cold calling
You enjoy working as a part of a team
Youre excellent at motivating potential partners to see the benefits DoorDash will bring to their business
You have creative sales tactics to engage with prospects
You have experience exceeding daily, weekly, and monthly goals
You pride yourself on your excellent written and verbal communication skills
You can navigate sales and internal tools quickly (Salesforce, Google Apps)

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for sales commission.New York Pay Range:24.22—32.97 USD