About the Team
At DoorDash, our goal is to help shape the future of our local economies by helping restaurants and local businesses to succeed. We believe the best customer experience is synonymous to the success of our business, and that design plays an important role in this success by providing important thought partnership in cross-functional product development.
Within the Merchant Design team we focus on creating customer-centric experiences that help local businesses operate their business better than ever on DoorDash and beyond. We aim to be the essential partner for every merchant, from helping them increase their sales and customer base to providing new solutions that help extend their business beyond their four walls.
About the Role
As Senior Product Designer on the Selection  Onboarding team youll lead the design strategy and execution of our menu tooling and insights experience. As part of this strategy youll bring a user-centric mindset and an ability to get to the lowest level of detail in a complex, multi-channel world, with the opportunity to collaborate with other teams to extend the menu experience across the platform. You will work with a diverse team of product managers, developers, researchers, content strategists, and more, to deliver industry-leading experiences that help restaurants operate and grow their business in quick, intuitive ways. 
You will report into the Design Manager, Restaurant Success on our Merchant Design team in our Design organization. Once our offices reopen, we expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Lead the user experience of products end-to-end, including contributing to product strategy, running design sprints, creating visions, and establishing frameworks
Explore complex, ambiguous problem spaces, working with your team to understand the opportunity, and then chart a path forward
Push the creative boundaries of our merchant experiences with your design explorations through wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity visual design
Help merchants grow their businesses and improve the lives of millions of DoorDash customers every day
Design and ship high-quality product experiences

Were excited about you because

You have 5 years of work experience
You excel in complex problem spaces, and bring clarity to your teams through your mastery of the design process
Youre a strong facilitator who enjoys collaborating across lots of different functions
You think at a systems level and can translate complexity into intuitive experiences and considers every facet of the user journey
You skillfully balance strategy, research, interaction design, and visual design to achieve simple and elegant solutions
You value high quality well crafted visual design, and care about the details
Prior design experience in local, commerce, and logistics industry is a big plus

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:161,500—218,500 USDNew York Pay Range:161,500—218,500 USDWashington Pay Range:161,500—218,500 USD