About the Team
The Convenience team focuses on making it fast, easy, and affordable for consumers to get  need-it-now items from third-party convenience and drugstore merchants using our marketplace. Our mission is to make DoorDash the favorite way to shop for household and convenience essentials, becoming the preferred growth partner for merchants with a marketplace that dashers like to use. 
About the Role
You will lead Convenience Occasions and Merchant Marketing workstreams, driving consumer trials and awareness through creative and exciting campaigns. Initial day-to-day responsibilities will include campaign planning, strategy and execution, communicating growth and marketing opportunities to merchant partners, and quantifying the impact of key growth initiaives. You will work closely with merchandising, retention, marketing, and merchant partner management teams and report to the Convenience Growth Lead in our New Verticals organization. We expect this role to be a hybrid with some time in-office (flexible schedule) and some time remote. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize. Develop the strategy for growing our merchant partnerships.
Operate. Figure out how to get from A to Bthen actually make it happen.Analyze. Create SQL data analysis and use data to identify and activate important partners and markets.
Collaborate. Work with a team, including partners in marketing, product, and operations, to build these new strategies and processes for the convenience team.
Experiment.  Run tests and scale insights. Embrace the challenge of having multiple paths forward and no right answer. Growing a business in a competitive market will not be easy.

Were excited about you because

Youre equally comfortable operating at 10,000 feet and 1 foot. You dont hesitate to get in the weeds and operate at the lowest level of detail, but youre just as comfortable thinking long-term and inspiring a team.
Youre unafraid of uncharted territory. Rapid change and learning is exciting to you, and you excel in new environments.
You like data. You let data win arguments, and youre comfortable pulling and modeling large datasets. You are excited to use (or learn) SQL in your role.
Youre an operator. You have a talent for managing complex projects, converting high-level goals into action, and converting insights into scalable processes.
You have 1-2 years of experience in operations, technology, consulting, strategy, business development, banking, analytics, high-growth or early-stage startup experience or related experience. 

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:86,500—117,500 USDNew York Pay Range:86,500—117,500 USD