About the Team
DoorDash Labs is an independent team within DoorDash. We are working on building autonomous delivery robots from the ground-up and other automation solutions  as part of DoorDashs core delivery platform. If you have a passion for applying AI and robotics solutions in a service used by millions of people, then we want to talk to you!
About the Role
The task of the planner team is to develop the algorithms to enable the robot to navigate its environment. From finding the ideal path over interacting with other surrounding agents to tracking the desired trajectory, the planner team is ultimately responsible for the robots motion.
Since DoorDash Labs is a metric driven team, being in the planner team additionally involved finding the right metrics that can quantify the quality of the robots behavior.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Be an owner of large subcomponents of the planner architecture
Drive the performance of the robot in its well defined ODD
You want to come up with scalable, robust and production ready solutions for cutting edge problems
Work with other teams on defining contracts and finding solutions that do not require unachievable QoS

Were excited about you because you have

B.S., M.S., or PhD. in Computer Science, Robotics or related technical field
6 years of industry experience working within the AV, Robotics or equivalent industry.
Extensive experience writing product level C code
Industry experience designing, implementing and extending algorithms. 
Extensive experience working on a Planning team within the AV industry
Extensive experience owning large parts of the stack and driving progress

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.California Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USD