About the Team
DoorDash is looking for top-talent to play a pivotal role in growing our Australian business! This is a rare opportunity for people who are excited about joining a fast-paced start-up and building something great! Were looking for hustle, smarts, and deep market knowledge to enable us to best serve our consumers, Dashers, and merchants. Join our never-ending pursuit to better power economies in Australia and across the globe.
About the Role
DoorDash is looking for a Manager to build and execute strategic initiatives to grow the Drive Restaurant verticals business. The DoorDash Australia Drive team is responsible for the operations, development and growth of the Drive product suite, our white-label solution that empowers Merchants to offer their own customers on-demand delivery through their own channels, utilizing DoorDashs logistics network.As leader of the Restaurants verticals Drive Team, youll develop and deliver the growth strategy in the sector in a commercially viable way, be responsible for operations and financial metrics, build and scale processes to support fast onboarding of merchants, and empower sales teams to effectively sell Drive products and manage merchants.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategise  Devise and execute the overall operational strategy for winning the same 
Influence  Work cross-functionally with our Operations, Product, Engineering, Business Operations, Sales, Account Management, and BD teams to grow our business
Own the Market  You are ultimately responsible for hitting top line and profitability goals for your market segment.  You must be able to diagnose  address problems quickly, have foresight into potential issues and lead your team in hitting goals
Analyze  Build analysis to understand the segments strengths and weaknesses, competitive pressures and opportunity areas
Experiment  Use a data-driven approach and regional knowledge to identify improvement opportunities, run tests, and make our business 1 better everyday

Were excited about you because

You have 8 years of experience in consulting, strategy, operations, technology, banking, analytics or related experience
You have experience leading projects, hitting goals, and succeeding in a team environment
You have Excel (can perform complex functions and modeling) and SQL knowledge (basic)
You are a problem solver  You have a talent for managing complex projects, driving high-level goals into actionable plans, and enjoy implementing processes
You are a relationship-builder  You can influence and motivate people at all levels across a variety of job functions

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.