About the Team
Come help us build the worlds most reliable on-demand, logistics engine for delivery! Were bringing on talented engineers to help us create and maintain a 24x7, no downtime, global infrastructure system that powers DoorDashs three-sided marketplace of consumers, merchants, and dashers.
About the Role
At DoorDash, our Data Scientists have the opportunity to dive into a wealth of delivery data to improve company-wide ML workflows such as Search  Recommendations, Dasher Assignment, ETA Prediction, and Dasher Capacity Planning. You will join a small team to build systems that empower efficient machine learning at scale. This is a hybrid opportunity in San Francisco, Sunnyvale, Seattle, or New York.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Build a world-class ML platform where models are developed, trained, and deployed seamlessly
Work closely with Data Scientists and Product Engineers to evolve the ML platform as per their use cases 
You will help build high performance and flexible pipelines that can rapidly evolve to handle new technologies, techniques and modeling approaches
You will work on infrastructure designs and solutions to store trillions of feature values and power hundreds of billions of predictions a day
You will help design and drive directions for the centralized machine learning platform that powers all of DoorDashs business.
Improve the reliability, scalability, and observability of our training and inference infrastructure.

Were excited about you because

B.S., M.S., or PhD. in Computer Science or equivalent
Exceptionally strong knowledge of CS fundamental concepts and OOP languages
4 years of industry experience in software engineering
Prior experience building machine learning systems in production such as enabling data analytics at scale
Prior experience in machine learning - youve developed and deployed your own models - even if these are simple proof of concepts
Systems Engineering - youve built meaningful pieces of infrastructure in a cloud computing environment. Bonus if those were data processing systems or distributed systems

Nice To Haves

Experience with challenges in real-time computing
Experience with large scale distributed systems, data processing pipelines and machine learning training and serving infrastructure
Familiar with Pandas and Python machine learning libraries and deep learning frameworks such as PyTorch and TensorFlow
Familiar with Spark, MLLib, Databricks,MLFlow, Apache Airflow, Dagster and similar related technologies.
Familiar with large language models like GPT, LLAMA, BERT, or Transformer-based architectures
Familiar with a cloud based environment such as AWS

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USDNew York Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USDWashington Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USD