About the Team
Its an exciting time to join our rapidly growing Accounting team with ample development opportunities. Were looking for an Accounting Manager to strengthen our general ledger and accounting operations functions while keeping pace within one of the fastest growing marketplace companies.
About the Role
You will report to the Experienced US Accounting Manager on our Accounting team. Progressive experience in accounting operations, internal controls and financial systems is required, as well as the ability to interact with all levels of management and cross-functional teams. Once our offices reopen, we expect this role to be 100 remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Manage day-to-day accounting activities to ensure compliance with U.S. GAAP, internal policies, SOX controls, and external audits
Shared ownership of full cycle general ledger financial close process and related activities to ensure complete and accurate financials in accordance with U.S. GAAP, including managingreviewing close activities such as journal entries and account reconciliations within the established close timeline
Take a lead on the month-end accrual process
Assist in managing the preparation of monthly financial reporting for management and U.S. GAAP presentation, including tie-outs to underlying detail
Drive process improvement and automation efforts to streamline Accounting operations and improve the quality of monthly, quarterly, and annual closes, and internal controls
Key decision maker on continuous development of accounting policies and standard operating procedures.
Partner closely with FPA and Financial Reporting teams around monthly variance analysis, management reporting, and GAAP reporting

Were excited about you because

You have 6 years of accounting experience, with required experience in relevant industry public company
2 years experience in managing and developing staff
Bachelors degree in Accounting
Strong knowledge of US GAAP, PCAOB standards, SOXinternal controls.
Strong English language proficiency required 
Experience with NetSuite, Coupa, GSuite preferred

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.