About the Team
DoorDash is looking for top-talent to play a pivotal role in growing our Australian business. This is a rare opportunity for someone who is excited about joining a fast-paced business! Were looking for deep market knowledge to enable us to best serve our merchants by bringing to market game changing products that will better service their needs, as well as finding new ways to grow our partners business on our platform. Join our never-ending pursuit to empower economies in Australia and across the globe.
On the Merchant Strategy  Operations team, our mission is to create a best in class restaurant experience, build cutting edge services for our merchants to grow their business and to help our partners operate efficiently on the platform. 
About the Role
As an Associate you are a critical piece of DoorDashs growth and success in every market in which we operate.  You will be responsible for key growth and operational metrics, discovering and driving performance initiatives across our partner base and working cross functionally with our Partnership team and Merchants to share best practices and drive improvement. Work will include data analysis and opportunity identification, process and reporting design and executing growth playbooks. This will be an ambiguous role, and will require high amounts of autonomy and planning to continue pushing the envelope of success in Australia.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategise  Devise and execute initiatives against the overall sales org strategy for winning the merchant
Experiment  Use data-driven decision-making and sound business judgment to run sales tests and lead market intelligence efforts
Optimise  Build the best merchant acquisition engine so DoorDash continues to offer the highest quality selection for its customers
Analyse  Build models to evaluate the economics, value, consumer patterns, campaign success and opportunity costs of strategic initiatives intended to multiply rep productivity
Execute - Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop and execute campaigns and initiatives that drive merchant acquisition, engagement and retention. 

Were excited about you because you have ..

Demonstrated experience in strategy and operations, project management, program management, product launch, operations, or consulting; high-growth startup or launching major products in market is preferred
A proven track record of operating in cross-functional initiatives and succeeding in a complex and fast moving environment
An analytical mindset and can deliver actionable recommendations out of complex datasets; Proficiency in Excel, SQL experience is preferred but not essential
Exceptional relationship building skills and can work cross-functionally with ease

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.