About the Team
At DoorDash, people are our most important asset. The HR Business Partner team works closely with leaders across our business to align people and strategy. Our People Business Partners assess, coach and influence the business as we scale and evolve to enable our teams to accomplish amazing things.
About the Role
At DoorDash our people are our greatest asset and as we continue to scale and evolve, the Senior Director, People Business Partners, will play a critical leadership role in building and shaping our people processes and systems, drive continuous improvement and with a people first mindset enable a positive employee experience for our teams in our New Verticals organization- one of our fastest growing businesses which includes DashMart sites in the U.S. and Canada.
As the head of HR for the New Verticals business, this role will be a key partner to the leadership team, working with them to develop the people strategy needed for growth. This leader will partner with Centers of Excellence to develop the people strategy, and guide the execution through OKRs. This role is a leader of leaders, guiding an HR organization of 16 HR and ER team members to align their day-to-day HR support to the people strategy. The team collectively facilitates talent management development and communication, navigates compensation structures, and ensures that we uphold best practices, remain compliant, and think intentionally about our DoorDash brand.
We need a skilled collaborator who thrives in influencing across DoorDash to develop all aspects of the employee lifecycle in a growing market. The Senior Director, People Business Partners, will partner closely with key Centers of Excellence such as Recruiting, Compensation  Benefits, Legal, Culture  Belonging, and People Operations.  
This role reports to the Vice President of People, and partners with the Vice President, New Verticals and their leadership team as a thought partner on all aspects of the people strategy.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Develop and execute People Strategy for a nascent and growing business 
Partner directly with business leaders to develop people programs that deliver measurable impact
Guide an HR organization to develop and execute people programs
Thrive in a fast paced environment and solve problems with your team

Were excited about you because

15 years of progressive experience in BusinessHuman Resources with a minimum of 10 years of leading teams, ideally in a fast-paced, complex multi-unit field organization.
Track record of serving as an independent partner to the business, challenging with respect to maintaining full discretion regarding sensitive information.
Proven ability to demonstrate measurable results using analytics and metrics.
Exhibit an entrepreneurial spirit and be comfortable with ambiguity.
Experience in change management within a highly complex environment with multiple, geographically dispersed locations.
Strong leadership, interpersonal, organizational, analytical, decision-making, problem-solving, influencing, and verbal and written communication skills.
Proven ability to effectively influence and communicate at all levels of the organization and manage multiple stakeholder relationships.
Strong business acumen and ability to participate in strategic and operational business discussions with key leadership.
Experience providing consultation to senior leadership on strategic initiatives.
Excellent influencing skills at all levels in the organization and flexibility to be proactive in a fast pace, ever-changing environment.
Experience in developing, implementing, and monitoring programsprocesses that drive business results.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:217,000—345,000 USDColorado Pay Range:217,000—310,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:217,000—293,000 USDNew York Pay Range:217,000—345,000 USDWashington Pay Range:217,000—328,000 USD