About the Team 
The Sales Compliance team is responsible for designing and ensuring effective controls across DoorDashs sales organization. The team has 3 functions - Contract Operations, Commercial Operations and Controls. The Sales Compliance team is part of the larger Sales Strategy  Operations team which accelerates productivity and develops go-to-market strategies and processes to support our sales organization. This group builds the engine and foundation for DoorDash to achieve the best selection for our platform and grow revenues across all business lines.  
About the Role 
We are looking for an Associate, Commercial Operations on the Commercial ops team who will be managing aspects of the deal approval process including overseeing opportunities through deal review to ensure accuracy; business, operational and SLA compliance, and optimal deal structure and pricing response.  This position will play a key role in expanding the Deal Desk function across DoorDash while enabling strategic opportunities and providing critical support to the sales organization that will drive efficiencies, profitability, and more robust controls. In addition, you will be proactive in identifying and implementing systems and process improvements to help grow and scale the business. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will have 

2 years experience in a fast growing preferably tech environment
Develop effective and repeatable deal processes, identifying process improvement, automation, and simplification to reduce cycle time
Proactively guide deals through internal processes to ensure timely delivery of all needed approvals and documentation
Ability to communicate and influence across teams and senior management.
Using your experience, identify and make recommendations for process improvements; assist or drive implementation
Be a critical enabler of deal formation and execution, focusing on minimizing sales cycle times 
Ability to develop relationships across various stakeholder groups including legal, sales operations, accounting, finance and product management to complete team objectives

Were excited about you because 

Have previous experience in managing Deal Desk. 
Self-motivated and able to work under pressure; diligent with deliverables and deadlines, able to multitask
Strong analytical skills along with the ability to demonstrate practical judgment in sophisticated situations
Takes initiative in identifying root cause of issues and working with stakeholders on longer term solutions
Strong problem solving skills along with the ability to communicate rationale for decisions across all levels of the organization
Demonstrated ability to hire, develop and manage talent into a high performing team

Qualifications 

Bachelors degree, Finance, Business, Economics, or other relevant fields preferred 
Technical aptitude to work with multiple systems including Salesforce, JIRA, and Contracting Software
Intermediate knowledge of Salesforce and Google Suite
Proven track record of implementing processes at scale across organizations

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.Colorado Pay Range:69,000—93,000 USDCalifornia Pay Range:72,500—103,500 USDNew York Pay Range:76,500—103,500 USDWashington Pay Range:72,500—98,500 USD