About the Team
We are focused on helping our Merchant partners grow sales across all their channels. From first-party surfaces like in-store and online to the DoorDash Marketplace -- we have the data, marketing tools, and customer channels to help Merchants reach their growth goals. Our team ideates new products and then drives the end-to-end process of Merchant adoption. 
About the Role
You will report to the Director of Omni Channel on our Ads team, and you will lead a team in launching two of our newest Merchant growth bets in 2024. Were looking for someone who is laser focused on solving customer problems, enjoys working in a fast-paced environment, and knows how to roll up their sleeves to test and launch MVPs. Once our offices reopen, we expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize  Understand the needs of our partners, prioritize those needs by impact, and create solutions with cross-functional partners
Build  Drive the implementation of new services  and processes for managing Merchant launches
Construct - Navigate in an ambiguous environment and bring structure to undefined opportunities. There wont be playbooks or templates, instead you will create them.
Analyze  Leverage data whenever possible to inform your hypothesis and convince cross functional partners.
Influence  Work cross-functionally with our Product, Engineering, Sales, Marketing, Finance, and Business Development teams to align on a path forward and bring these products to market 

Were excited about you because

You have 7 years of experience and have succeeded in high-growth teams (whether in tech, operations, strategy, consulting, banking, or a related experience), and youve led teams to achieve audacious goals
You want to affect change every day and can operate in energizing environments
You have a talent for managing complex projects, driving high-level goals into measurable plans, and enjoy implementing processes at the lowest level of detail
You love thinking about problems from a fundamentals approach, you translate strategic vision into measurable success metrics and applicable plans
You seek exposure to different types of problems and want to try your hand at different sides of the business
You can build a diverse team of high performers, helping champion development of DoorDashs future leaders
You lead and motivate teams to set and achieve aspirational goals
You back your decisions up with data and youre comfortable pulling SQL or modeling in Excel (can maintain complex spreadsheets)

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:174,000—247,000 USDNew York Pay Range:183,000—247,000 USDWashington Pay Range:174,000—235,000 USD