About the Team
DoorDash Labs is an independent team within DoorDash. Were hiring a Safety Operations Lead to lead safety working on robotics solutions solving real business problems.  If you have a passion for applying robotics solutions to a service loved by millions of people, then we want to talk to you!
About the Role
This role acts as the safety lead for operations at DoorDash Labs. You will ensure that DoorDash Labs executes all operations with safety as the top priority and help guide our safety strategy team-wide, guiding large overarching safety projects while remaining tactical and a part of operations. You will report to the Senior Operations Manager on our robotics team in our DoorDash Labs organization. You will be 100 in-office and on-field throughout the Bay Area.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Roadmap safety strategy, ensuring DoorDash has a safe and sustainable path to deploy robotics and automated delivery
Lead field safety operations on the ground, actively participating in testing and completing all trainings and protocols first hand, driving the safety elements of testing protocols
Design and implement safety policies and safety testing across vehicle operations
Collaborate cross-functionally with technical and operations to develop protocols for testing, including releasing a Voluntary Safety Self-Assessment and necessary internal procedures and processes to ensure safety culture. 
Assist with formal reviews of the Safety Management System and present data findings
Define criteria and gates for readiness of test deployments
Ensure that relevant operational safety metrics are tracked, reported, and used by internal stakeholders to manage safety risks
Keep up to date with relevant industry safety practices and regulations and set up product and engineering for success
Be involved with policy decisions, keeping a pulse on the industry standards and work with  legislators alongside DoorDash leadership.

Were excited about you because you have

5 years of experience
Experience with program management of complex regulatory and safety issues
Deep experience in autonomous vehicles andor robotics
Exceptional communicator who is effective at advocacy, negotiation, and concisely presenting complex ideas to internal business and external policy stakeholders
Someone who continuously researches safety trends and is a member of professional safety associations, while also maintains a safety professionals network
Youre a self-starter; intrinsically motivated and confident operating independently but also a good teammate 

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:119,000—161,000 USD