About the Team
DoorDash is looking for a Senior Associate to help us scale our Grocery business on the DoorDash Marketplace. Youll have an opportunity to join a dynamic, fast-paced team, and shape the future of the Grocery business. Join us in our global mission to empower and grow local economies!
About the Role
As we continue to scale our Grocery business, a key strategic growth pillar for DoorDash, were looking to hire a Senior Associate to drive the next wave of growth! In this role, youll define key go to market strategies, launch and manage growth and quality initiatives, and dive into data to identify trends that will inform operational strategies, all while working with a wide array of cross-functional teams. Ultimately, youll be tasked with growing our Grocery business.
You will report into the Manager on our Grocery GM team in our New Verticals organization. Once our offices reopen, we expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize. From first principles, youll develop the optimal strategy for best serving our customers.
Operate. Own tracking dashboards and manage week over week metrics to drive high quality operations.
Analyze. Build models using Excel and SQL to evaluate the economic, operational and strategic costs and benefits of various programs and experiments
Engage. Implement scalable initiatives and best practices to ensure smooth business operation
Experiment. Youll transform strategies into operational experiments that create measurable and actionable outcomes
Build. Youll have your fingerprints all over DoorDashs next big business. Youll launch new products, get 1 better every day, and scale something completely new. This means everything from high-level strategy to operational details.
Lead, collaborate and Influence. Youll partner with and influence cross-functional teams including growth, quality, design, marketing, partnerships and product team to build and scale the Grocery business. 

Were excited about you because

You are an owner. Youre always looking for opportunities to better your work product and own the outcome  both the good and the bad
Youre entrepreneurial. You have a bias for action and are able to build things from the ground up.
Youre analytical. You let data win arguments, and youre comfortable pulling your own data in SQL and building models in excel.
You solve problems from first principles. You have a talent for synthesizing complex problems, can translate high-level goals into actionable plans, and enjoy implementing a process
Youre equally comfortable operating at 10,000 feet and 1 foot. You dont hesitate to get in the weeds and operate at the lowest level of detail, but youre just as comfortable thinking long-term and inspiring a team.
Youre unafraid of ambiguity. Rapid change and learning is exciting to you, and you thrive in ambiguous, startup environment
You have 3 years of experience. Youve succeeded in similar cultures (whether in tech, operations, strategy, consulting, banking, or a related experience).

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:100,000—135,000 USDNew York Pay Range:100,000—135,000 USD