About the Team
Its an exciting time to join our rapidly growing Tax team and be a part of the fast growth the Company is experiencing, particularly with New Verticals and other new product initiatives! The Tax team is heavily involved in the operations of the business that impact Dashers, Merchants and Customers.  As a key partner to the business, we are involved at the front end on plans for new products and country expansions as well as the sales and onboarding process with new Merchants. As DoorDash continues to expand its business lines, product offerings, and global footprint, partnering with the business teams to bring tax awareness for such initiatives continues to grow in importance.
About the Role
The role will be part of the Tax Advisory and Planning function, supporting DoorDashs product initiatives and the New Verticals business (grocery, convenience, alcohol, retail, DashMart, and more). The key area of focus of this role will be to support DoorDashs New Verticals team with a goal of unlocking and advancing opportunities for these rapidly-scaling business lines, while managing risk levels associated with the tax issues stemming from such efforts. This role will also be responsible for the tax review process for new product initiatives. This role will have ownership of projects that make an immediate impact. 
A successful candidate will be able to build successful relationships within Tax and across the broader company, recommend and support the implementation of product solutions that satisfy DoorDashs tax obligations, and provide tax advice to support the growth and expansion of DoorDash.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Actively partner with a variety of DoorDash teams, including product, engineering, legal, accounting, and finance on new products, initiatives, and expansions of existing products. 
Provide DoorDash teams with applicable daily and strategic input to minimize tax risks while advancing goals and expansion of the business.
From first principles, develop the optimal tax strategy for best serving our New Verticals internal and external partners (including merchants and customers).
Operate at the lowest level of detail, diving into all things that directly or indirectly impact tax in DoorDashs US Marketplace business, in order to gain insights that can help unlock and grow the business.
Think long-term while also rolling up your sleeves and getting to the lowest level of detail on tax matters that impact DoorDash.
Communicate with stakeholders at all levels on project plans and important issues.
Manage external advisors as necessary. 
Endure (and optionally participate) in karaoke (only enthusiasm is required) 

Were excited about you because

You have 8 years of experience in tax, finance (including accounting), consulting, or related experience. 

Broad technical tax background is a plus.
High-growth or early-stage startup experience is a plus.
Grocery or retail experience is a plus.


You approach your role with a strong moral compass and integrity.
You have a proven track record of successfully partnering with cross-functional stakeholders to solve problems and execute initiatives in a fast-moving environment.
You roll up your sleeves and do whatever is necessary to drive results, even if its outside your normal areas of focus.
You have a strong attention to detail and analytical, organizational, and problem-solving skills.
You have excellent interpersonal and communication skills, and a demonstrated ability to provide clear advice in a dynamic environment.
You have a sense of humor, or at least a tolerance for those who think they do. 

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:149,000—237,000 USDColorado Pay Range:149,000—213,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:149,000—201,000 USDNew York Pay Range:149,000—237,000 USDWashington Pay Range:149,000—225,000 USD