About the Team
DoorDashs Trust and Safety team  is seeking  an experienced policy expert to be the leader of our Community Policy function. Community Policy will create, write and socialize the policies and rules that guide online and offline behavior on the platform. This is an exciting opportunity for a candidate with a proven track record of performance to design, build and scale a new function at DoorDash from the ground up.  
About the Role
As Director of Community Policy,  you will be responsible for creating, owning and evangelizing platform policy development for DoorDash as you help to write rules that guide behavior of our customers, dashers and merchants.  You will bring empathy and ethical judgment in shaping our values driven policies.  You will work closely with public policy, legal, support, fraud, product and leadership to build out our policy framework.  You have excellent communication skills and can work with a range of people from our front line Trust and Safety associates to M-Team. You and your team will spearhead.  You will be responsible for building a team of community policy experts that can write, adapt and expand our platform guidelines
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Lead DoorDashs policy development for consumers, dashers and merchants to ensure a safe community
Develop, launch and maintain DoorDashs Community Guidelines and other critical policy documents.
Work closely with leadership, legal, public policy, product, support and operations to build values based policies that define acceptable behavior 
Build the community policy team. Find, grow and mentor the people responsible for researching, writing and iterating on our policies under your guidance.
Stay current  on events and trends to identify potential risks and propose solutions and evolutions of our policies before they become a problem.
Work closely with the Trust and Safety team to operationalize our policies to ensure their work is supported and consistent.
Weigh in on sensitive escalations from the Trust and Safety team and discuss decisions with our leadership team.

Were excited about you because

10 years of experience in relevant fields such as policy development for the sharinggig economy andor content policy.
6 years of relevant management experience.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Including persuasive and analytical writing.
Strong interpersonal skills.  Able to build coalitions and work with a wide range of stakeholders
Able to communicate and influence in a range of settings, from one on one meetings to company all hands.
Deep policy expertise and the broad contextual knowledge required for writing effective policies.
Experience dealing with sensitive policy or safety issues.
Comfortable working with leadership including M-team

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:180,500—287,500 USDColorado Pay Range:180,500—259,000 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:180,500—287,500 USDNew York Pay Range:180,500—287,500 USDWashington Pay Range:180,500—273,000 USD