About the Team
Come help us build the worlds most reliable on-demand, logistics engine for delivery! Were bringing on experienced engineers to help us further our 24x7, global infrastructure system that powers DoorDashs three-sided marketplace of consumers, merchants, and dashers.
About the Role
The Data Infrastructure teams mission is to provide reliable and scalable data orchestration, ingestion, and processing infrastructure that enables data users at DoorDash to deliver high-quality, trustable, and compliant data. You will report directly into the Data Infrastructure Engineering Manager. You must be located in the Bay Area or Seattle for this hybrid role. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Build strong cross-functional partnerships across the core data platform, core infra, and core data engineering teams, and drive the roadmap for data orchestration, data ingestion, and egress at DoorDash. 
Lead a team of engineers, guiding and co-pairing to build data platforms at scale. This role will also have access to several Senior Staff and Principal engineers across the Data Platform as they will be interacting with and building integrations for multiple services within the Data Platform org. 
Help accelerate the adoption of the data lake by building near real-time data ingestion and egress framework, enabling self-serve ETL through full abstraction, and driving operational optimizations.

Were excited about you because

B.S., M.S., or PhD. in Computer Science or equivalent
8 years of experience with building data platforms at scale, specifically data orchestration and data ingestion platforms 
Experience leading xfn collaboration with partner teams, working with high levels of ambiguity, identifying opportunities, influencing roadmaps, and executing joint goals
Prior experience in building open-sourced base data platforms such as Airflow, Spark, Kafka, Flink,  Debezium
In-depth understanding of Big Data space 
Engage with or contribute to Big DataML-related open-source projects
Expertise with an open table format such as delta lake

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:208,000—282,000 USDWashington Pay Range:208,000—282,000 USD