About the Team
The Finance  Strategy team is responsible for accelerating the growth of our business by identifying and implementing new opportunities and solutions.  We partner with teams across the company to improve the profitability, scalability, and defensibility of our business model. Were looking to hire strategic thinkers who can model the future, solve complex problems, and collaborate effectively to help carry projects from conception through execution.
About the Role
We are looking for an experienced Director who will lead our high performing Consumer Finance team. This is a unique role with the opportunity to make an immediate impact through identifying, sizing, proposing, and executing major company initiatives. This role will oversee the Finance teams that own Customer Acquisition, Volume Forecasting, Customer Retention and Engagement, Promotional Strategy, and Pricing. The right candidate will possess strong analytical and communication skills to influence data-driven business decisions and optimize investments. You will combine your obsession for DoorDash customers with knowledge of the business and data to become a trusted business partner throughout the organization and lead projects from idea generation through operational execution.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Lead a high performing team responsible for ensuring DoorDash continues to grow and scale efficiently
Collaborate with key stakeholders on the marketing, strategy  operations, product, and analytics teams to accelerate customer acquisition and marketing effectiveness
Drive strategic decision making - utilize data to improve visibility into customer performance and make recommendations for new business opportunities
Lead quarterly and annual planning process for marketing investments 
Identify and quantify key risks  opportunities in our business
Partner with accounting and corporate finance teams to understand and communicate month-end variances to plan for financial close reporting 
Support special projects to continuously improve, automate, and scale forecasting and reporting tools, processes, and methodologies
Operate in a fast-paced and dynamic environment that is constantly evolving

Were excited about you because

12 years of strategic finance experience (corporate finance or investment banking) at a well-established consumer brand or high-growth technology startup or company
A proven leader with experience managing large and diverse teams with multiple direct reports covering different areas of business
Ability to leverage your expertise in customer acquisition strategies, LTV frameworks, and payback models to maximize marketing ROI
Experience distilling complex ideas and financial models into actionable recommendations, enhancing communication across the organization
Capable of setting and owning roadmaps, balancing competing priorities and interfacing with senior leadership
Able to collaborate with cross-functional partners at all levels in a fast-paced environment, leveraging your ability to influence and drive decision making
Manage budgets for major functional areas within the organization, including annual and quarterly planning processes
Experience with marketplace, logistics or consumer business a plus

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:212,500—287,500 USDNew York Pay Range:212,500—287,500 USD