About the Team
On the Merchant Strategy  Operations team, our mission is to have best-in class restaurant selection, build modern services for our merchants to grow their business, and help our partners operate on the platform.
Our Merchant Services team lies at the heart and soul of DoorDash, ensuring that we set all of our merchants up for success by providing a seamless onboarding, menu, and photo experience. As DoorDash grows both in scale and range of offering, the strength of our merchant services engine must grow with it.
About the Role
As a Senior Manager, Merchant Strategy  Operations, youll discover and guide performance improvements across the Merchant Services organization and build the foundation for it to grow. This will include developing strategies to increase the quantity and quality of the merchant services we offer, projects to enhance productivity, process redesign, product roadmap and launches, and resource allocation. You will sit at the intersection of our revenue generation engine and our operations teams. You will ensure our team is working against the right goals and has the tools needed to achieve them.
Youll work between our sales, partner management, operations, product, and analytics teams to build a delightful experience for our merchants. You will report to the Head of Merchant Services Strategy and Operations. As our offices reopen, we expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize  Create plans against the Merchant Services strategy of building a seamless onboarding, menu, and photo experience that delights merchants
Experiment  Use data-driven insights to run process improvement tests
Analyze  Build the analytics infrastructure, metrics and tools that power our teams operations and strategy
Influence  Manage projects with our sales, partner management, operations, product, engineering, and business operations teams to improve the merchant experience and achieve targets

Were excited about you because 

You have 8 years of experience in strategy  operations or consulting; high-growth startup experience is advantageous
You have 3 years of people management experience
You have experience leading cross-functional projects and hitting goals
You are comfortable running analysis and manipulating datasets; SQL experience is strongly preferred
You always look for ways to improve and want to shape the direction of the company
You can motivate people at all levels across the organization
You can translate high-level goals into relevant plans
You love getting to a low level of detail

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.Colorado Pay Range:164,500—222,500 USDCalifornia Pay Range:183,000—247,000 USDWashington Pay Range:174,000—235,000 USD