About the Team
DoorDash Labs is an independent team within DoorDash. We are working on building autonomous delivery robots from the ground-up and other automation solutions as part of DoorDashs core delivery platform. If you have a passion for applying AI and robotics solutions in a service used by millions of people, then we want to talk to you!
About the Role
As a Software TPM at DoorDash Labs you will play a central role within the Autonomy Software teams and across all of DoorDash Labs as we improve last-mile deliveries using autonomy.
You will report to the Lead of our Technical Program Management team. This role is required to go into one of our two Labs in either San Francisco or Oakland a few days per week.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Be part of an exciting effort to develop and manufacture an autonomous delivery robot
Work with our Autonomous Software teams in the Bay Area
Program manage and help lead development for our cutting edge software within Perception, Planning, Localization, System Safety and integration with DD Core
Take software projects from product requirements or engineering concept to validated public roads driving readiness
Work with leaders and engineers across Product, DevOps, Hardware, Software, Firmware, Controls, AI and Ops to plan, track, follow up and resolve issues

Were excited about you because you have 

A B.S., M.S., or PhD. in engineering, e.g. robotics, mechanical, electrical or computer science
8 years of industry experience working in engineering and program management 
In-depth experience with the software development life cycle
Experience taking software products from concept to production
A track record of managing complex, cross-functional programs
In-depth understanding of autonomous vehicle technologies, such as perception systems
Strong familiarity with program management tools, such as 

Jira
Confluence
SmartsheetMS Project
Google Workplace applications


About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USD