About the Team
At DoorDash were building the industrys most scalable and reliable delivery network to support our three-sided marketplace of consumers, merchants, and dashers. TPMs on our Engineering teams provide fundamental support to the underlying technology services as well as the engineers building these services. Its no simple task, but it wouldnt be interesting if it was!
About the Role
Our team is looking for a Technical Program Manager for our Data Team to drive critical  initiatives related to Data Platform and Data Engineering teams. The Data Platform team enables all of DoorDash to collect, compute and gather timely, data-driven insights by providing a reliable, flexible and high quality Data Platform. The Data Engineering team partners with engineering organizations and stakeholders from finance, accounting and product teams to understand the data needs of the business and produce pipelines, data marts and other data solutions that enable better product and growth decision-making. Programs in this space are typically related to Data Infrastructure, Machine Learning Platform, Real-time Streaming Platform, Feature Flags and Rollouts, Experimentation (AB tests and Analytics), Metrics Repositories, Data Compliance, Data Governance, Data Quality, Data modeling, and BI. These will require a strong technical understanding, general cross organization coordinationfacilitation, stakeholder management, and ownership of results.
You will report into the centralized Technical Program Management team in Engineering. You must be located in either the San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles or Seattle.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Own Data Programs - Partner closely with the Directors of Data Engineering  Data Platform, as well as key engineering and product leaders, to establish the vision, strategy, technical direction and success metrics for the data platform. Focus areas for your programs will include quality, reliability, security, compliance, planning, vendor and cost management, capacity planning, adoptions, and migrations.
Plan  Execute Optimizations - You will drive optimizations related to planning Engineering objectives and key results, develop frameworks for team executiontracking, and provide visibility to resource allocation and prioritization.
Demonstrate Technical Depth - You have a passion for DATA  building scalable systems, enabling product efficiency, and moving teams forward.
Nurture Stakeholders - You will manage all stakeholder expectations from leadership to individual teams, possess strong problem solving and negotiation skills, and earn the trust of partners and teams.
Navigate a Complex Organization - You understand engineers and enjoy working with them. You will build trust by developing strong technical domain knowledge that adds value beyond project management.
Manage Process  Timelines - You will manage timely and succinct communications to leadership and across teams to ensure accountability. Youll develop processes to ensure teamwork is streamlined to manage complexity and optimized velocity. You are thoughtful about how and when to implement processes with a light touch and clear understanding of success within DoorDashs culture. Youll balance urgency and priority while moving the needle on multiple initiatives.

Were excited about you because 

Youre experienced in working with Data Platform and Data Engineering teams to implement data solutions and drive adoption of these technologies across product and platform engineering teams.
Youve worked in large-scale distributed systems. You can speak to system architecture, scalability and reliability decisions, and design trade offs.
Youre a strong leader with the ability to collaborate and build relationships across organizations, bridge gaps between teams, and successfully influence without authority.
You love data and can turn chaos into something actionable.
You have strong ownership, urgency, and drive. You are willing to roll up your sleeves and dive into the details to understand and drive your programs.
You have excellent written  verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate with confidence, clarity, and focus. You can convey concepts and considerations to non-experts and experts alike.
Youve engaged with Engineering teams on product  platform development with a thorough understanding of software development processes and project planning.
You are pragmatic and detailed in your approach and focus on progress, not perfection.

Qualifications:

Bachelors Degree with experience in Computer Science, Software Engineering or other related discipline.
5 years recent experience as a Technical Program Manager at a technology company.
Strong understanding of ETL processing, Data Warehousing, and BI Visualization tools.
Experience in large-scale distributed systems and system architecture.
Experience working with Engineering teams implementing data technologies and driving adoption of these technologies across product and platform engineering teams.
Project planning and execution skills that include reviewing technical design documents, estimating, and scheduling. Experience with broad adoption efforts.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USDWashington Pay Range:176,000—238,000 USD