About the Team
At DoorDash, were revolutionizing the way people experience food delivery. DashPass subscription service is at the forefront of this mission, offering unbeatable benefits and affordability to our users. In this role, you will lead a team to innovate new benefits for DashPass, making it a premier subscription service and furthering our mission of making DoorDash more accessible and cost-effective for our valued customers. 
About the Role
At DashPass, our teams work at the intersection of product and infrastructure to solve key business problems with elegant technical solutions. You will be driving the technical vision and execution of the team while also leading the evolution of DashPass Benefits to be a world-class membership program. You will lead a team to build engineering systems that are reliable, highly available, and easily extensible. You will be asked to consider the big picture  collaborating cross-functionally and evaluating and executing on trade-offs to maximize business impact for the company.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Lead a talented team of engineers to build new DashPass Benefits
Partner with cross-functional stakeholders to define the roadmap and vision for the team and deliver immense impact
Build an outstanding team by coaching engineers, empowering engineers through delegation, and applying your technical expertise to hold your team to the highest engineering standards
Scale the team by recruiting, retaining, and developing highly talented engineers across different disciplines
Inspire the team with your technical vision and create the alignment necessary to execute on it
Provide technical guidance and roll up your sleeves with hands-on contributions when necessary
Scale the team by developing internal talents and attracting top talents

Were excited about you because

B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Science or equivalent
7 years of industry experience
Minimum of 2 years of management experience
Strong hands-on experience with working with non-technical stakeholders, cross-team collaboration, and building scalable products in a fast-paced environment
Ability to handle ambiguity and work with product and business partners to collect non-technical requirements to design and build scalable experience solutions.
Ability to guide and grow an excellent engineering team in a rapidly changing business environment

Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash

We are leaders - Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies.
We are doers - We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions that will lead our company and our industry is what we do -- on every project, every day. 
We are learning - Were not afraid to dig in and uncover the truth, even if its scary or inconvenient. Everyone here is continually learning on the job, whether weve been in a role for one year or one minute.
We are all DoorDash - The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights. 
You grow here faster than other places because we move and grow fast. You practice muscles like leading through chaos, ruthless prioritization, and crisis management.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.Washington Pay Range:208,000—282,000 USD