About the Team
DashMart is a staple of our New Verticals function here at DoorDash, focused on building a new type of convenience store that offers both household essentials and local restaurant favorites to our customers doorsteps.
About the Role
Were looking to hire an Associate on our DashMart Strategy  Operations team to lead the governance of our master data platforms. Our master data team drives reliable inventory replenishment and costs. You will build processes and systems to store our data, with a focus on developing approaches that capture the complexity of our business and drive order accuracy. You will establish strong partnerships with internal (Supply Chain, Ops, Category Management, Product, Engineering, Finance, Accounting, etc.) and external (Vendors, Tech Partners) stakeholders. You will report into a Manager on our Master Data Strategy  Operations team.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Build. Youll manage and develop sustainable processes, tools, and systems to enable our Supply Chain team to make data-driven decisions with reliable, high quality data.
Test. Youll implement and test controls in the process to validate data. 
Own.  Youll own projects, fostering best practices to ensure adherence to our data quality principles.
Query. Youll use SQL to build new tooling, develop new views and reporting to capture vendor specific catalog complexities
Collaborate. Youll work closely with Product, Operations, and Accounting to build scalable systems and processes to support all business partners.
Communicate. Youre comfortable communicating with external stakeholders, gathering information from a variety of sources, and communicating translation into our internal systems.

Were excited about you because

Youre a data expert. You love working with data, are comfortable working independently in SQL to root cause problems and implement data-quality-centric solutions.
You solve problems from first principles. Youre excited to solve problems in innovative ways, and you resist this is how its always been done thinking.
Youre unafraid of ambiguity. Rapid change and learning is exciting to you, and you thrive in ambiguous, startup environments
Youre an owner. You are detail-oriented and organized, and not afraid to get your hands dirty to do what it takes to get things done.
You have 1 years of experience. Youve succeeded in high-performance cultures (whether in tech, operations, strategy, consulting, banking, or a related experience).

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:86,500—117,500 USDColorado Pay Range:78,000—106,000 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:86,500—117,500 USDNew York Pay Range:86,500—117,500 USDWashington Pay Range:82,500—111,500 USD