About the Team
The Trust  Safety Manager improves the quality of DoorDash operations through investigation of safety incidents, implementation of quality measures for users, collaboration across teams, and people leadership. On demand food delivery has many advantages; however, it requires extremely challenging logistics to ensure DoorDash is delivering the best service to Customers, Dashers and Merchants. 
Trust  Safety presents a united front to protect the experience of Customers, Dashers and Merchants while solving these logistical challenges. This teams work helps in building relationships while protecting the DoorDash brand. We work with our internal partners to solve and reduce escalations, monitor daily quality, improve response times, and guide tool usage and efficiencies. At DoorDash we empower our teams to focus on creating an amazing experience for our community. You will join a growing team that is hyper-focused on improving the quality of DoorDash operations. 
About the Role
Were hiring a Trust  Safety Manager, who will lead a team of Supervisors and Representatives to standardize and scale a multi-process, high-volume operations team.  You will identify areas of opportunity while developing solutions that allow the team, Trust  Safety organization, and our partners to accelerate towards our goals. Your experience in people leadership, Trust  Safety, process improvement, collaboration and case management will have a foundational impact on removing barriers and better serving our community. 
You will report to the Senior Manager of Trust  Safety.  Once our offices reopen, we expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Lead the Community Response team, which handles a variety of operational processes so we can provide high-quality support to all portions of our business
Guide workforce management efforts and standardization to allow continued growth and stability of the team
Develop expertise in how DoorDash processes work, and how to use them to promote positive outcomes 
Oversee skill and career development of team members 
Work with the Strategy  Operations and Product teams to problem solve and build solutions that address quality issues upstream. 

Were excited about you because 

Have people management experience, with 3 years of experience in operationssupport operations, adjudication, or high-volume case management
Can identify trends and apply product and operational countermeasures
Can operate autonomously while working with partners
Are unafraid of change  our growing team takes on new workflows and responsibilities
Are responsible and reliable  you independently track your progress towards goals, and will ask for help of communicate upwards if you run into any problems 
Are curious  you love investigating and can get to the lowest level of detail when solving a problem
Are proficient and have knowledge of Salesforce, SQL and Google applications
Have direct experience working in Trust  Safety, crisis management, or real-world

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.