About the Team
DoorDash Drive is looking for you to join our team as a Manager for our fulfillment strategy and operations supporting new verticals. DoorDash Drive is our companys hyper-growth platform team serving restaurants, grocers and retailers across the United States, Canada and Australia. The Fulfillment team is responsible for driving the strategy, profitability, and operations across each vertical.
About the Role
The Manager, Core Logistics, will work on the end to end fulfillment strategy and operations for one of our most nascent verticals. 
Your responsibilities will include:
Develop and execute a vision for our warehouse operations both over the course of the next 1-2 quarters as well as 1-2 years, including:

Understanding and incorporating industry best practices alongside DoorDashs unique set of capabilities
Defining north star quality and cost metrics in our warehouses as well as being responsible for hitting them

Own launch readiness and execution to ensure successful rollouts of new warehouse locations as well as in-warehouse product and operational features, including:

Collaborating with product to develop a roadmap that supports growth opportunities 
Standing up boots-on-the-ground operations to ensure the success of new launches 
Collecting associate feedback on new app-features or fulfillment services and surface key takeaways to product and engineering
Working closely with our ground ops team on continual areas for improvement on site

The best candidates will have exceptional problem solving skills, be analytical thinkers, know how to operate with excellence, understand the importance of ownership, and can hold XFN partners accountable to goals. This role reports directly to the Core Logistics Director and will have two direct reports. Once our offices reopen, we expect this role to be 100 remote or hybrid.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Own business outcomes — be directly responsible for our cost and quality metrics across a subset of our product offering and develop plans to improve performance
Influence  Work cross-functionally with our Product, Engineering, Finance, Analytics, to improve our profitability, enable growth, and influence the progression of our business
Implement  Drive the set up, execution and go-to-market of new product and operational initiatives to improve our fulfillment capabilities 

Were excited about you because

You have specialized experience in Logistics, and in particular, Warehouse Sortation. 
You bring structure to ambiguity.Youre excited to solve big hairy problems and are able to navigate the unknown. 
You act with urgency. Speed excites you. You prefer an accomplishment today to an accomplishment tomorrow.
You are a builder. You enjoy building from the ground up and excel in creating structure and process.
You have 5 years of experience. Youve succeeded in a competitive and fast moving environment in consulting  strategy  business development  operations  technology  banking  analytics; high-growth or early-stage startup experience as well as experience in a customer-facing or relationship management role is advantageous.
MBA a plus. 

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:152,000—206,000 USDNew York Pay Range:152,000—206,000 USDWashington Pay Range:144,500—195,500 USD