About the Team
On the Outside Account Management team, we develop DoorDash partners to capture engagement, growth, and performance on our platform. We will establish success and build a plan to reach new heights, while accommodating the variable needs of our partners.
About the Role
Strategic Partner Managers lead the relationship with merchant partners on an ongoing basis. You will upsell incremental services to our existing business owners. You will help their businesses accelerate to new levels, hold periodic business check-ins, improve merchant operations, troubleshoot product-related bugs, recommend marketing strategies, and ensure high levels of satisfaction and retention. You will report into the regional Manager, Outside Account Management. We expect this role to be hybrid with time split between working in-office, traveling to merchants, and working from home.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Manage merchant partners (in the SMB restaurants vertical) across your sales region, while meeting revenue goals
Present quarterly business reviews that highlights wins and opportunity areas for your merchant accounts
Minimize churn and redirect our partners to opportunities of expansion, using DoorDash products
Use data to test daily operational processes to keep our merchants efficient
Work with our Product, Operations, and Sales teams to ensure merchants have the best possible experience when using our platform 

Were excited about you because

You have 3 years of experience in a post-sales or Account Manager role or related experience
You empathize with customer needs and adapt to meet their unique goals resulting in an increase in customer satisfaction, retention, and product adoption
You are a thoughtful, merchant first thinker who creates data-driven recommendations and Quarterly Business Reviews (QBRs)
You have knowledge of Google Suite, including Google Spreadsheets (creating client-facing decks) and Google Sheets (can maintain complex spreadsheets)
You navigate sales tools with ease (Salesforce, Outreach, Sales Navigator, Google Apps)
You manage a book of business, with clients in small to mid-sized markets

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants and sales commission.Colorado Pay Range:67,200—91,200 USD