About the Team
DoorDash is scaling at an unprecedented rate, and we are hiring an Executive Assistant to partner with leaders of our organization. Youll be an essential part of the team, responsible for keeping our executives efficient and allowing them to make a difference while building and scaling new ways to delight our customers using the DoorDash platform. We aim to be one step ahead. We value going into each day making the impossible possible.
About the Role
You will support our People Team leaders and their teams. You will be their go-to person for calendar management, team-building activities, and project management. You will report to the Executive Business Partner on our Administrative Team.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Help keep our teams organized and efficient by proactively moving conflicts and enabling our leaders to make an impact
Promote team culture and cohesion
Plan and execute meetings  events for our team
Manage multiple projects simultaneously
Handle highly confidential information
Be an integral part of our team

What Were Looking For...

You have 5-7 years of experience in an administrative support role
Excellent writtenverbal communications
You enjoy diagnosing issues and implementing creative solutions to solve challenges
You are flexible to shifting priorities
You are able to manage your time effectively
You have excellent attention to detail
You feel comfortable working autonomously

Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash...

We are leaders - Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies.
We are doers - We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions to lead our company and our industry is what we do -- on every project, every day.
We are learners - Everyone here is learning on the job, no matter if weve been in a role for one year or one minute.
We are customer-obsessed - Our mission is to grow and empower local economies. We are committed to our customers, merchants, and dashers and believe in connecting people with possibility.
We are all DoorDash - The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:113,000—161,000 USDWashington Pay Range:113,000—153,000 USD