About the Team
Drive is DoorDashs white-label delivery-as-a-service platform, and is one of the fastest growing segments within DoorDash. Its purpose is to realize DoorDashs mission of empowering local businesses everywhere, by expanding access to DoorDashs delivery capabilities. With Drive, merchants receive orders through their first-party channels (leveraging their own brand identity and voice), and utilize DoorDashs delivery fleet to fulfill the order. Drive powers delivery for businesses small and large, from local neighborhood restaurants to national brands with thousands of locations.
About the Role
The DoorDash Drive team is on a mission to help merchants grow their on and off-premises business. We provide a world-class suite of products and services merchants use to power e-commerce with the greatest quality and efficiency. 
This role focuses on growing the Drive Restaurants business. Youll lead some very exciting initiatives like (1) growing our pizza vertical, building an experience thats uniquely suited to make pizza deliveries the best in class experience across our audiences (2) growing our catering business, allowing Dashers to pick up large quantities of lunch orders for offices; (3) improving our fulfillment quality through innovative Dasher experiences. Youll collaborate across both 0-to-1 and platform teams, and work on building experiences that integrate MLAI models. 
You will report into our Head of Dasher  Logistics Design directly in our Product organization.
Youre excited about this opportunity because

Create step-change improvements by envisioning the long-term Dasher experience and realizing them through execution on pragmatic new products and services for dashers.
Partner closely with cross-functional teams in PM, Engineering, Research and Operations to influence our product and design strategy by evangelizing building a great user experience for our complex three-sided marketplace
Push the creative boundaries of our dasher experiences, that sets a new baseline for craft and impact the product will have in the industry.

Were excited about you because

You have 5 years of work experience and a strong portfolio showcasing your ability to maintain a high bar for craft at scale and track record of leading new initiatives and delivering results in a team environment.
You think of yourself as a craftsperson pushing the envelope on quality, usually find yourself sweating over the lowest level of details and deeply care about elevating the overall experience.
You are an excellent storyteller and proactive communicator, and able to communicate complex topics in a clear, concise, and thorough way to stakeholders at all levels of the organization.
Youre a problem solver, use a first principles approach and arent afraid to try new things to create the future.
You are all about 01 and enjoy challenging product problems — can drive clarity from ambiguity and thrive in tackling complex strategic problems.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:161,500—218,500 USDNew York Pay Range:161,500—218,500 USD