About the Team
DoorDash Labs is an independent team within DoorDash. We are working on building autonomous delivery robots from the ground-up and other automation solutions as part of DoorDashs core delivery platform. If you have a passion for applying AI and robotics solutions in a service used by millions of people, then we want to talk to you!
About the Role
In this role you will help build the next generation of robotic systems within DoorDash Labs from the ground up! You will work with an excellent engineering team to solve novel problems that will drastically change last mile logistics. Were a team of people who live and breathe building robots and complex electromechanical systems. Were unfazed by challenges or new problems and strive to build world class solutions. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Be part of an exciting effort to develop and manufacture our new autonomous delivery robot platform
Work with our Hardware Engineering and Technician teams to prepare for our launch.
Ship tangible product concepts that make a meaningful impact on a billion dollar business. 
Play a key role in architecting and designing a wide range of electrical systems on our next generation delivery robots.
Have a large impact in a small team, collaborating with every other team on the project with many disciplines and stakeholders.

Were excited about you because you have 

A B.S., M.S., or PhD. in Electrical Engineering.
5 years of industry experience working in a similar role.
Experience taking complex circuits from product definition through production.
Experience with DC power management systems, especially in automotive applications.
Experience with autonomous vehicle communication, networking and sensor systems.
Experience with electric vehicle or mobile robotics safety systems.
Experience designing and troubleshooting complex systems including debugging ground loops, localized noise mitigation, and multi-voltage power systems
Designed circuits in Altium Designer.
A passion for building robots and autonomous vehicles.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:185,500—250,500 USD