About the Team
Finance Systems Analyst will play an important role in the Corporate Applications Team at DoorDash. This role serves as a trusted business partner for the Finance team to implement systems and innovative process improvements.
About the Role
We are looking for a Finance Systems Analyst for the IT Corporate Applications team. 
The candidate will be responsible for business requirements, business process definition and system support. Work with all levels of the finance business including business partners, technology and external vendors. The candidate will focus on business process documentation, business requirements and solutions to meet various business stakeholder requirements.
You will report to our senior manager of Corporate Applications on our Corporate Applications team in our IT organization. Once our offices reopen, we expect this role to be 100 remote. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Review, analyze and evaluate finance business systems and user needs.
Document requirements, functional requirements and objectives for Business system initiatives. 
Partner with the Finance team to understand business needs and solutions that align to overall business strategies.
Perform a variety of complex project management, business analysis, planning and technical tasks.
Technical SME for all system activities for Enterprise system implementations, enhancements, and integration projects. 
Identify and troubleshoot operational issues and system gaps for Enterprise systems and processes. Ability to document current and to be processes.
Summarize technical designs and changes to a non-technical audience. Collaborate with cross-functional linked teams through the project lifecycle.

Were excited about you because

4 years of relevant work experience as a business system analyst and projectprogram manager.
Ability to communicate effectively across remote team members, as well as stakeholders at multiple levels within the organization.
Experience with ERP finance modules including GL, AP, AR, Fixed Assets, Costing and Budgets
Experience with supporting SaaS applications.(CoupaBREXZip)
Ability to communicate and presentprovide solution options with Pros, Cons and Recommendations for Project Initiatives.
Strong interpersonal and organizational skills; ability to analyze complex business challenges, respond independently and communicate across all levels of the organization.
Process-oriented and systematic approach to projects. Experienced with agile methodology and systems (Jira, Confluence).
Experience in troubleshooting and documenting issues, gaps, and resolutions.
Excellent written communication skills with the ability to draft clear, concise specifications, documentation, and reports.
Experience with ERP systems (NetSuiteOracle)
Understanding of Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) audit requirements
Experience with a Financial Planning tools (nice to have)

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.California Pay Range:101,000—161,000 USDColorado Pay Range:101,000—145,000 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:101,000—161,000 USDNew York Pay Range:101,000—161,000 USDWashington Pay Range:101,000—153,000 USD