About the Team
At DoorDash, our customers are at the center of our product strategy and we believe that an amazing customer experience is the key to our success. The Consumer team designs the mobile apps and website that millions of customers use every day to order meals and more from their favorite local merchants.
Within the Consumer team, the New Modes group envisions different ways to enjoy the convenience of DoorDash beyond delivery, such as scheduled orders, group ordering, DoubleDash, making a reservation, gifting and dine-in experience at the restaurant. This team is defining and driving the intersection of the physical and digital experiences. If you are passionate about building new use cases and driving 01 opportunities, this role is for you! 
About the Role
Were looking for a Staff or Principal Product Designer to join our New Modes team to build and shape the future of the Consumer experience as we expand and invest in new use cases on DoorDash. This role will play a key role in defining new opportunities as well as strengthen existing ones as DoorDash expands its key modalities beyond ASAP delivery.
This role can be based in San Francisco, Seattle or New York and will report into the Head of New Modes Design in our Consumer organization. We expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Contribute directly to DoorDashs consumer product strategy and define the future of our service.
Explore complex, ambiguous problem spaces, working with your team to understand the opportunity, and then chart a path forward.
Explore and refine your design solutions through wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity visual design.
Influence your teams approach to product development, shaping the teams culture, processes, and practices.
Improve the lives of millions of DoorDash customers every day.

Were excited about you because

You are a staff or principal level designer with 8 years of work experience and a strong consumer experience portfolio showcasing your ability to maintain a high bar for craft at scale. 
You have a track record of leading new initiatives and delivering results in a team environment.
You excel in complex problem spaces, and bring clarity to your teams through your mastery of the design process.
You are a strong facilitator who enjoys collaborating across lots of different functions.
Youre a systems-thinker who translates complexity into intuitive experiences and considers every facet of the user journey.
You skillfully balance strategy, research, interaction design, and visual design to achieve simple and elegant solutions.
You value high quality well crafted visual design, and care about the details
You are curious, and humble.
You have prior design experience in local, commerce, and logistics industry is a big plus.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below. Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location. Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:194,000—262,000 USDNew York Pay Range:194,000—262,000 USDWashington Pay Range:194,000—262,000 USD