About the Team
At DoorDash were building the worlds leading last-mile logistics platform and we believe that to accomplish this, well need to iterate a few times along the way. This is a unique opportunity to help define and shape a fast-growing, global brand, and improve the future of work and last mile commerce as we know it. 
Our Dasher  Logistics team owns the end to end Dasher experience from supply  efficiency to net-new bets. Design plays an important role, providing important thought partnership in product development. This is where you come in.
About the Role
DoorDash is looking for a Staff Product Designer to lead the strategy and experience for the standalone apps for DoorDash drivers  A.K.A. Dashers. Our Dashers are at the heart of our logistics business. The Dasher design team makes a massive impact on the millions of drivers experience throughout the full end-to-end lifecycle and our mission is to help Dashers reach their financial goals however they choose. As DoorDash has grown, weve evolved to support groceries, convenience, pets and other exciting product areas—the Dasher app and underlying logistics platform need to flex to accommodate all their nuances at scale, which makes this a very compelling and one-of-a-kind design challenge.
The role can be based in San Francisco or New York and will report directly into the Head of Design for Dasher  Logistics. This is a hybrid role, with some time in-office and some time remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Create step-change improvements by envisioning the long-term Dasher experience and realizing them through execution on new products and services for dashers.
Partner closely with cross-functional teams in PM, Engineering, Research and Operations to influence our product and design strategy by building a great user experience for our complex three-sided marketplace.
Push the creative boundaries of our dasher experiences, that sets a new baseline for craft and impact the product will have in the industry.

Were excited about you because 

You have 7 years of work experience and a strong portfolio showcasing your ability to maintain a high bar for craft at scale and experience leading new initiatives and delivering impact in a team environment.
You think of yourself as a craftsperson elevating quality, usually find yourself sweating over the lowest level of details and care about elevating the overall experience. 
You use a first-principles approach and arent afraid to try new things to create the future.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below. Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location. Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:194,000—262,000 USDNew York Pay Range:194,000—262,000 USD