About the Team
DoorDashs Public Policy  Social Impact Team advocates for legislation that supports the health of our business and empowers our community of Dashers, local business partners, and consumers. Through our advocacy on cutting-edge public policy issues and the programs that we develop, we are shaping the future of local economies. This unique team combines direct engagement with policymakers at all levels of government, advocacy campaigns, policy research and analysis, and programs to promote equity, safety, and sustainability. 
About the Role
DoorDash is hiring a proven Government Relations leader to help shape our public policy strategy, lead integrated issue management campaigns, and build lasting and positive relationships in the Central US. Based in Chicago or Minneapolis, youll be a key leader in our regional Policy team and work closely with Public Affairs,  Communications, Legal, and other business functions. 
At DoorDash, excellence in Government Relations means that

When our government relations stakeholders are considering public policies that could impact DoorDash and the lives and livelihoods of Dashers, merchants, and consumers, we are early, active, and influential participants in the policy debate.
We are at the table and impactful because we are active, credible, reliable, and ethical leaders. Our stakeholders understand and appreciate that DoorDash is a trusted partner and is committed to bringing positive change to the communities we serve. The commitments we make and the relationships we build are real.
Weve proactively identified policy priorities, emerging threats, and opportunities and are actively advancing favorable policy solutions while also investing time and resources into developing real and long-term relationships with our stakeholders.

Youre excited about this opportunity because

You are DoorDashs connection between public policy leaders and an important, proactive, and extremely active policy agenda in one of the most active states in the country.
You can effectively manage numerous complex public policy issues and also understand the importance of personal connections that lead to lasting and trusted relationships with key stakeholders. 
You understand the important role that DoorDashs mission to empower local economies  plays in our government relations advocacy.
You are passionate about government relations and like to work with a team of professionals. You are a leader but not a solo operator. 

Were excited about you because

You have a BS or BA from an accredited university
You have 6 years of experience serving in government at the state level or working directly on public policy issues for corporate clients
You thrive under pressure and have a proven ability to achieve hard-fought policy outcomes 
You have a deep understanding of government relations, including effective lobbying strategies, direct engagement, campaign approaches to issue management, managing external consultants, coordinating with counterparts at peer companies to build effective coalitions, and coordinating with industry trade associations to maximize their impact
You are a strong strategic thinker with polished written and oral advocacy skills
You are organized, collaborative, and have a bias for action
You are willing to travel 40-50 of the time
Youre a self-starter; youre intrinsically motivated but also a good teammate

Bonus Points

Government and in-house experience
Direct policy experience in employmentlabor law
Significant state-level experience in California
Experience in the tech industry, particularly the on-demand economy

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.