About the Team
Voice Ordering is an exciting new line of business for DoorDash that drives significant growth for the company. The Voice Experience team is responsible for the overall quality of the program, ensuring that we are able to deliver a best-in-class experience for our Merchant partners. Our team designs, manages, and operates DoorDashs large and growing global network of support centers, with the ultimate goal of delivering an outstanding customer experience as reliably as possible.
About the Role
Were hiring a Senior Associate, Voice Experience, who will work closely with other Voice Experience team members as well as cross-functional partners to deliver quality for Merchant pilot launches as well as maintaining quality for the existing book of business. The Senior Associate will be responsible for a book of business of Merchant partners, define what a quality experience is for those Merchants including setting and monitoring metrics, work with cross-functional teams to improve training and quality assurance, and build out Tx tools and product features to streamline Tx processes. The Senior Associate will have a high degree of visibility across the org by owning quality for the program which will drive volume growth and retain existing volume.
This role will report into a Manager on our Voice Experience team in our Customer Experience  Integrity organization.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Own the success of launches and quality for existing Merchant partners 
Contribute to the constant improvement of our processes including streamlining workflows through product and feature development 
Work closely with a large array of cross-functional partners including Product, Analytics, Engineering, Global Support Ops, to create new
Gain a high level of visibility from org leadership by leading a big bet for DoorDash

Were excited about you because

You solve problems from first principles. Youre excited to solve problems in innovative ways, and you resist this is how its always been done thinking. You know how to optimize and improve processes while designing for scale (i.e. automation)
Youre equally comfortable operating at 10,000 feet and 1 foot. You dont hesitate to get in the weeds and operate at the lowest level of detail, but youre just as comfortable thinking long-term and inspiring a team. No job is beneath you.
Youre analytical. You let data win arguments, and youre comfortable pulling your own data in SQL or modeling in Excel.
You have 2 years of experience. Youve succeeded in high-performance cultures (whether in tech, operations, strategy, consulting, banking, or a related experience).
You have led projects across teams and demonstrated success in fast-paced, ambiguous environments.
You have strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills.

Bonus Points

You have experience in customer experience and strategy. 
You feel comfortable in conducting retention or growth analyses for user populations.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:76,000—121,500 USDColorado Pay Range:76,000—109,000 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:76,000—121,500 USDNew York Pay Range:76,000—121,500 USDWashington Pay Range:76,000—115,000 USD