About the Team
The Discovery Experience team owns the most visited pages within the Doordash consumer application: the home page, and vertical pages, including the global app navigation. This is Doordashs version of the feed, where users see recommended restaurants, dishes, and grocery items they can order. Most of the orders are placed from these pages as well, so the impact and visibility of this team is high. The area is quite complex with a dedicated full stack team, including backend engineers and client engineers working on WebIOSAndroid.
About the Role
We are looking for an Engineering Manager to lead the Discovery Experience Engineering team. The manager would be partnering with product managers, designers and other engineering managers and manage the delivery of features on all UI platforms (AndroidWebIOS).
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will
Build the Strategy

Partner with leadership to influenceimprove our UIBE engineering strategy 
Inspiring your team and others with technical vision and customer obsession.
Building or leading high-impact tech initiatives.
Keeping up with the company and industry moves on the relevant fields.

Plan and Execute

Partnering up with cross-functional stakeholders like Product, Design and the broader UIBE engineering community
Planning and roadmapping for the team to build a clear path to the goal.
Building processes for tracking and managing execution.
Rolling up your sleeves with hands-on contributions when necessary.

Build the Team

Understanding the team talent needs, recruiting and retaining engineers.
Understanding the team knowledge distribution, building plans to close gaps and reduce risks.
Recruiting and retaining talented software engineers.
Keeping up with the teams engineering needs and improving team efficiency.
Coaching, mentoring and providing career guidance, managing performance.

Bring Influence and Value

Maintaining a positive and supportive work culture.
Promoting diversity and inclusion in the team, making room at the table.

Grow Yourself

Participating in activities in the EM community and contributing.
Receive coaching and help to find opportunities to grow yourself along the management track.

Were excited about you because

You have a minimum of 2 years of engineering leadership experience as an EM on a full stack product team 
You have 7 years of direct engineering experience as a product engineer
You had experience working closely with product management in a consumer facing environment.
You have a product mindset and apply that to user experience

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.California Pay Range:208,000—282,000 USD