About the Team
At DoorDash, our goal is to help shape the future of our local economies by helping restaurants and local businesses succeed. We believe the best customer experience is synonymous to the success of our business, and that design plays an important role in this success by providing important thought partnership in cross-functional product development.
This role sits on the Merchant Finance team within the wider Merchant Design organization at DoorDash.
The Merchant Design org focuses on creating customer-centric experiences that help local businesses operate their business better than ever on DoorDash and beyond. We aim to be the essential partner for every merchant, from helping them increase their sales and customer base to providing new solutions that help extend their business beyond their four walls.
The Merchant Finance team is on a mission to make DoorDash our Merchants most trusted financial partner. We aim to do this by providing Merchants with an accurate, intuitive, and insightful financial experience that enables them to easily reconcile accounts, manage their pay, understand their earnings, report taxes, and ultimately take actions to grow their business, all with a transparent, accurate picture of the value that DoorDash brings.
About the Role
As a Senior Product Designer on the Finance team, youll work closely with product managers, engineers, and business partners to re-envision the financial tooling suite on the DoorDash Merchant Portal and Merchant Business Manager App. 
Working independently as the Design Lead for Finance, you will own the end-to-end Merchant experience for Financial Reconciliation, Tax, and Pay, and will have the opportunity to define the strategy and vision for these areas to take them beyond where they are today. You will work with a diverse team of product managers, developers, researchers, content strategists and more, to build an outstanding and differentiated Financial products experience.
This role can be based in San Francisco, Seattle, or New York City and will report into the Design Manager for Merchant Experience. This is a hybrid role, with some time in-office and some time remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Own the user experience of products end-to-end, including contributing to product strategy, running design sprints, and crafting visions
Work cross-functionally with product managers, engineers, and other disciplines to build and ship your designs
Deliver and refine clear storytelling around product needs and opportunities
Create, collaborate, and iterate on flows, prototypes, and high-fidelity visuals
Design and ship high quality product improvements

Were excited about you because

You are a senior-level IC with 5 years of work experience
You thrive in ambiguous environments, and bring clarity to your teams through your mastery of the design process (and the occasional design sprint)
You are passionate about driving product strategy and vision for new product areas 
You skilfully balance strategy, research, interaction design, and visual design to achieve simple and elegant solutions
You value high quality well crafted visual design, and care about the details

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below. Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location. Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:161,500—218,500 USDNew York Pay Range:161,500—218,500 USDWashington Pay Range:161,500—218,500 USD