About the Team
The Workplace Strategy  Operations (WSO) Team advances DoorDash by connecting people, places, and technology, elevating the experience within the workplace ecosystem. We are the team responsible for the strategic design and daily operations of our corporate offices and co-working spaces. Whether you visit our offices for a quarterly team on-site or on a daily basis to tackle deep-focus work, we are here to connect you to the resources you need to do your best work.
About the Role
We are looking for a Workplace Manager for our regional office in New York who will manage our hyper-active office operations; leading all workplace projects, initiatives, and programs that contribute to creating a high-touch workplace experience that employees can thrive in. You will manage a team of workplace team members and work cross-functionally to achieve business goals. You will report to the Senior Regional, Workplace Manager, East, our Workplace Strategy  Operations team in our Talent Management  Rewards org. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Manage all site-specific workplace projects and initiatives to improve the workplace through writing playbooks, operationalizing guidelines, and making physical improvements to the office
Lead, coach, and motivate members of the WSO team
Partner with various internal teams (Real Estate, IT and Security, Finance, IT, Legal and
others) and external teams (building management, vendors etc.) to ensure all workplace goals are met
Build strong relationships with business leaders and local teams to understand their business functions and how to deliver workplace experience strategies that support them
Manage the planning, execution, and post-event reporting of team onsite events and support ad-hoc company-wide event needs in the local office
Develop and manage the New York workplace operating budget and proactively mitigate discrepancies
Manage office space planning needs, ensuring accuracy in data  reporting and team needs are met through a holistic approach
Lead all workplace programs including but not limited to, food  beverages, lockers, mail services, space planning, reception experience, and workplace tech

Were excited about you because

You have 5 years of experience in Workplace Operations, Hospitality, or Facilities Management in a Corporate Real Estate setting
You have 3 years of experience managing people.
You are an operations subject matter expert who can use data to improve workplace operations efficiency and team effectiveness
In-depth knowledge of Google Suite of Products (Docs, Sheets, Slides, Gmail, Calendar
Strong experience in space planning software 
You have strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.New York Pay Range:117,500—158,500 USD