About the Team
Account Development engages with DoorDash partners nationwide to grow their business. Our Strategic Account Development team sells to regional restaurant partners both in person and virtually. You will develop product expertise and sell specific solutions (such as Storefront online ordering, and similar white-label services) to help our merchants increase their online presence and sales. This is a constantly evolving team, integrating new products and driving the road map for future product adoption. 
About the Role
Were looking for outside sales executives to join us in a Strategic Account Development Executive role. You will connect existing merchant partners with new powerful tools on the DoorDash delivery platform. You will ensure the partnership terms make sense for both DoorDash and the merchant to result in sustained success and increased sales. In this role, you will report to the Manager of Strategic Account Development in our Outside Sales organization. This role is a fully flexible role centered around a local office, with a combination of outside sales, in-person teamwork, and remote work.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Run your end-to-end sales process, with sales discovery and complex pipeline management skills
Excite our existing accounts on the potential to increase revenue share
Engage with strategic decision makers, including C-suite, VPs, and business owners, while using data to tell a compelling story
Close our partners on upgrades, upsells, and cross-sells of DoorDash platform products and marketing promotions
Use internal data and unit economics to explain forecasted revenue growth and how we offer customized sales packages to improve sales, growth, and brand perception
Build an internal guide for the teams sales process
Collaborate with our regional Strategic Partner Managers (5 at a time, depending on regional needs) to close and re-negotiate sales terms
Travel across your region (up to 40), while we offer flexible hours and options to work from home

Were excited about you because

You have 3 years of sales experience with at least 1 years selling to existing client base (upsell, cross-sell, promotions, or expansions) or related experience
You have worked in an outside sales environment, leading an end-to-end sales cycle
You align company partners, while managing project timelines and expectations or related project management experience
You have knowledge of Excel (can maintain complex spreadsheets) and related data skills to create sales presentations
You own client-facing conversations and complex negotiations

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants and sales commission.Colorado Pay Range:67,200—96,300 USDCalifornia Pay Range:75,300—106,800 USDWashington Pay Range:75,300—101,700 USD