Were looking for a strategic finance leader to help us accelerate our efforts in Grocery.
About the Team
The Finance  Strategy team is responsible for accelerating the growth of our business by identifying and implementing new opportunities and solutions.  We partner with teams across the company to improve the profitability, scalability, and defensibility of our business model. Were looking to hire strategic thinkers who can model the future, solve complex problems, and collaborate effectively to help carry projects from conception through execution.
About the Role
You will serve as finance lead for our Grocery business, which is one of the fastest growing new categories on our marketplace.  Expansion into new categories is central to our growth strategy as a company, by creating entirely new use cases for customers and expanding our brand beyond restaurant delivery.  Youll join as a senior leader on a lean but high horsepower team, and will be responsible for growing and cementing Grocery as one of the next pillars of our marketplace business, while simultaneously developing the team around you.  The person in this role will operate much like the CFO of a smaller start-up, owning a diverse set of finance responsibilities without clear boundaries, and helping to build the foundation of these businesses from the ground up.  
In this role you will:

Work with GMs and product leaders to size opportunities and make strategic decisions and investments
Oversee financial reporting and forecasting, and ensure we have a clear and detailed understanding of the drivers of growth, margin expansion and competitive positioning
Hold cross-functional partners accountable to their financial plan and outcomes, and work with them to get things back on track if they miss
Mentor and develop new  existing talent to help them achieve their professional goals and scale our team as we continue to grow
Advise our executive team on ways to invest our resources more efficiently, to move faster and do more
Build models and develop analytical frameworks to evaluate new partnership opportunities, understand ROI  payback of various initiatives, and forecast demand more accurately, just to name a few
Ensure we have necessary processes, systems and tools in place to streamline our operations and help us scale as quickly as possible

This is a unique opportunity for a highly motivated leader to exert real influence on the direction of our company, and help build a new business thats still in its infancy.  We hope youre as excited about it as we are.  
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Provide full financial oversight and leadership for our Grocery business, and directly influence strategy on how we grow and develop this new category on our marketplace while balancing economic constraints
Collaborate with colleagues and cross-functional partners to develop and own new processes to drive financial clarity, identify opportunities, and measure risks in our business
Pour over mountains of data in search of meaningful insights, distill them into actionable recommendations, and work with others to convert them into tangible results
Support planning processes and special projects to improve, scale, and automate forecasting and reporting
Gain a deeper understanding of how to grow a new business within an established company, and operate one at scale

Were excited about you because you

Have 8 years of strategic finance, operational finance, FPA, or investment banking experience at a high-growth technology startup or well-established company
Have 3 years of team management experience. Building and developing a team is something you are passionate about
Have experience owning budgets for major functional areas within an organization, and working with operators on day-to-day execution to hit targets
Thrive in high-performance cultures, handle stress well, and arent afraid of long hours in pursuit of meaningful work
Embrace ambiguity. Rapid change and learning is exciting to you, and you know how to find direction and craft a plan of action even when none is given to you
Lead by example and indirect influence. You excel at navigating a rapidly growing organization with many different cross-functional partners, gaining input and building consensus with key stakeholders as you go.  You know how to organize and motivate a broad, diverse and geographically dispersed working team around a shared goal.
Are relentless. Things never quite go according to plan. You have the determination and grit to keep working on a problem as new challenges emerge, while maintaining the flexibility to adjust plans or strategies as needed.
Have a proven ability to earn the trust of senior leaders, and influence their thinking on key strategic decisions
Have experience building and reviewing highly complex models, and developing a team that sets the gold standard for financial modeling.  You know how to distill complex financial data into digestible outputs and analyses, for use across the organization
Are equally comfortable operating at 10,000 feet and 1 foot. You dont hesitate to get in the weeds and work at the lowest level of detail, but youre just as comfortable thinking long-term and inspiring a team. No job is beneath you.
Have a demonstrated interest in logistics, on-demand services, marketplaces and grocery (nice to have)

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:155,500—247,000 USDColorado Pay Range:155,500—222,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:155,500—210,500 USDNew York Pay Range:155,500—247,000 USDWashington Pay Range:155,500—235,000 USD