About the Team
The Selection Growth team focuses on ensuring that our US Restaurant Business continues to grow through new types of selection.  The team is responsible for expanding the scope of food selection available on DoorDash and giving consumers more reasons to visit our app. We also aim to make sure that all types of restaurants and food entrepreneurs can use DoorDash to grow their business.
About the Role
You will be responsible for managing segments of restaurants that have unique business models (e.g. ghost kitchens) and lead exciting growth pushes within the US restaurant business (e.g. trying to grow a specific food category on the app). 
You will be the owner of the virtual brandsghost kitchen strategy and ops (managing thousands of restaurants which are hosted in other kitchen concepts). You will also oversee our Self-Delivery product, which is used by thousands of restaurants to do their own delivery. You will be empowered to run these verticals end-to-end. You will also take on new growth bets as they arise. 
You will report into a Director on the US Restaurants Selection team on our US Marketplace Strategy  Operations team.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Have a chance to define and implement DoorDashs strategy in new areas of restaurant growth and innovation (e.g. virtual brands)Execute your ideas in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment  
Be responsible for delivering direct business impact and growth to DoorDash 
Work cross-functionally across product, marketing, sales, etc. and also work directly with DoorDash merchants and customers 

Were excited about you because

You love to problem solve and feel comfortable managing ambiguity 
You have 6 years of work experience in strategy  operations (consulting, tech, biz ops, etc.)
 You can quickly develop a game plan on your own, with little context and background needed. You can then also iterate quickly on that plan as you get new information. 
You love working with data and are experienced in analytics (SQL highly preferred)
You have managed a team
You are comfortable being scrappy and working in a start-up environment (e.g. calling up DoorDash customers to understand their perspective, testing creative solutions)
You have extensive experience with cross-functional stakeholder management and business decision making
You can simultaneously think about high level strategy, while also diving deep into the lowest level of detail 

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:144,500—206,000 USDNew York Pay Range:152,000—206,000 USD