About the Team
The mission of our Consumer Retention Marketing team is to build lasting relationships with our customers as soon as they engage with DoorDash by providing them with a personalized, cross-channel experience that delights them and drives them to return to DoorDash to find the products, merchants, and deals that are relevant to them.
About the Role
As a Retention Marketing Senior Associate, you will help create communications and programs to increase retention and engagement of our customers across email, push notifications and in-app messaging. In this role specifically, you will focus on launching and maintaining CRM programs that help drive growth and retention for DoorDash during seasonal moments  holidays, or Occasions. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Manage the setup and monitoring of ad-hoc, triggered, and transactional programs, including optimization of existing programs and development of new ones
Create test plans and schedule emails
Build personalized, multi-channel customer journeys
Manage email reporting dashboards, monitor trends, and make recommendations based on results
Establish a strong working relationship with cross functional stakeholders in our Product, Marketing Operations, Analytics and Strategy teams
Stay current on marketing best practices in email and push notifications, sharing learnings and insights regularly with the broader marketing team

Were excited about you because you have 

2 years experience in CRM or email marketing
Hands on experience with CRM technology including ESPs, segmentation tools, and complex data structures and systems
An analytical mindset with strong attention to detail
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Knowledge of email industry best practices including contact strategies, targeting and segmentation, AB testing, and analytics. 
Strong interpersonal skills, are extremely organized, dependable, self-motivated, and multi-task with ease
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience
Nice to haves:

Basic knowledge of SQL, HTML and data visualization platforms (e.g. Tableau, Periscope)
Has worked in a highly cross-functional company
Experience working client side


About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:88,000—140,500 USDColorado Pay Range:88,000—126,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:88,000—119,000 USDNew York Pay Range:88,000—140,500 USDWashington Pay Range:88,000—133,500 USD