About the Team
Data is at the foundation of DoorDash success. The Data Engineering team builds database solutions for various use cases including reporting, product analytics, marketing optimization and financial reporting. By implementing pipelines, data structures, and data warehouse architectures; this team serves as the foundation for decision-making at DoorDash.
About the Role
DoorDash is looking for a Staff Data Engineer to be a technical powerhouse to help us scale our data infrastructure, automation and tools to meet growing business needs. The person were looking to bring on must be located in San Francisco, Sunnyvale,  or Seattle for this hybridflexible role. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Work with business partners and stakeholders to understand data requirements
Work with engineering, product teams and 3rd parties to collect required data
Design, develop and implement large scale, high volume, high performance data models and pipelines for Data Lake and Data Warehouse
Build reusable frameworks that improve the reliability and scalability of our ETLs
Manage a portfolio of data products that deliver high-quality, trustworthy data
Mentor and coach team members to improve their designs and solutions

Were excited about you because

10 years of professional experience
7 years experience working in data engineering, business intelligence, or a similar role Proficiency in programming languages such as PythonJava
3 years of experience in ETL orchestration and workflow management tools like Airflow, Flink, Oozie and Azkaban using AWSGCP
Expert in Database fundamentals, SQL and distributed computing
3 years of experience with the Distributed datasimilar ecosystem (Spark, Hive, Druid, Presto) and streaming technologies such as KafkaFlink.
Experience working with Snowflake, Redshift, PostgreSQL andor other DBMS platforms 
Knowledge of reporting tools such as Tableau, Superset and Looker
Excellent communication skills and experience working with technical and non-technical teams
Comfortable working in fast paced environment, self starter and self organizing
Ability to think strategically, analyze and interpret market and consumer information
You must be located near one of our engineering hubs indicated above

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.We use Covey as part of our hiring and  or promotional process for jobs in NYC and certain features may qualify it as an AEDT. As part of the evaluation process we provide Covey with job requirements and candidate submitted applications. We began using Covey Scout for Inbound on August 21, 2023.Please see the independent bias audit report covering our use of Covey here.California Pay Range:208,000—282,000 USDWashington Pay Range:208,000—282,000 USD