About the Team
At DoorDash, we believe that our Merchants are the driving force behind our marketplace. Our Partner Integrations team is dedicated to their success, working to build cutting-edge technology services that empower merchants to grow their businesses seamlessly. With our API Platform, we manage store, menu, and order data in real-time, serving hundreds of integrators and powering thousands of merchants. As DoorDash expands its scale and breadth of integrated delivery offerings, we are seeking talented individuals to join us and further enhance our technical prowess.
About the Role
DoorDash is looking for a Senior Specialist who will manage and optimize integrations with third party point-of-sale systems and aggregators used by our top restaurant partners. Externally, youll serve as the Technical Account Manager representing Integrations at DoorDash. Internally, youll strategize with our cross-functional DoorDash teams to build  operate world class integrations. This will include technical project management, go-to-market initiatives, data analysis, issue triaging, and client relationship management. You will report into a Manager on our Partner Integrations team. This team is a part of DoorDashs Merchant Strategy  Operations organization.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Own the success of our restaurant integrations by driving initiatives across technical teams, third party partners, and internal business stakeholders
Identify, resolve, and escalate day-to-day integration-related issues
Serve as the voice of DoorDash in managing external relationships with our point-of-sale partners, leading implementation and process improvement
Partner with product, engineering, and growth operations to discover  drive opportunities for improvement that come from data analysis and merchant insights
Youll help define the integrations roadmap in collaboration with other product and operations owners

Were excited about you because

Youre a problem solver - You like being presented with difficult problems, getting into the weeds to triage for root cause,  coming up with a plan
Youre a relationship-builder  You can influence and motivate people at all levels across a variety of job functions, both internally  externally
You are detail-oriented   You are process driven  highly organized, with a passion for capturing all details in a way that is understandable to both business and tech
Youre a project manager - You have strong project  program management skills with a demonstrated ability to manage numerous engagements at once
You are analytical  You are able to interpret complex data and synthesize it into business insights that drive product prioritization

Qualifications

2 years of experience leading technology integrations  implementation with partners
Demonstrated technical knowledge of integrations, APIs and, webhooks
Proven track record of leading initiatives, working cross-functionally to achieve goals, and succeeding in a team environment
Hands-on working SQL experience to troubleshoot and self-serve
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Bachelors degree required

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.Colorado Pay Range:90,000—122,000 USDCalifornia Pay Range:100,000—135,000 USDNew York Pay Range:100,000—135,000 USD