About the Team
DashMart is a new team at DoorDash focused on building a new type of convenience store, offering both household essentials and local restaurant favorites to our customers doorsteps. 
About the Role
Were looking for an entrepreneurial, hands-on builder and leader to grow and manage the DashMart business in markets across the United States. You will do this by directly managing a large employee base and working cross functionally to delight customers in local markets and drive results for the business. This role requires someone who is strategic, moves fast, detail oriented, and a proven team leader.  
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Lead. Recruit, lead, and retain an excellent team of builders and owners. You are a culture carrier and the tone starts with you.
Build. Youll launch new DashMart facilities and get 1 better every day. This means everything from high-level strategy down to the finest of details.
Manage. From fundamentals, youll develop the vision for DashMart in your region. You will guide growth and directly manage the PL.
Collaborate. Youll work with multiple teams including engineering, product, design, operations, finance, and marketing to build this new line of business for DoorDash.

Were excited about you because

You are a people manager. You have 3 years of people management experience leading people leaders (managing leaders with direct reports).
Youre equally comfortable operating at 10,000 feet and 1 foot. You dont hesitate to get in the weeds and operate at the lowest level of detail, but youre as comfortable thinking long-term and inspiring a team.
You see the glass half full. You want to lead the outcome and positively shape our most important metrics. You have experience leading projects, hitting goals, and succeeding in a team environment.
You love data. You let data win arguments, and youre comfortable pulling your data in SQL or modeling in Excel (can perform complex functions).
You do not give up. When a plan does not work, you have three more options in your back pocket.
You have 9 years of experience. Youve succeeded in expanding businesses (whether in tech, operations, strategy, consulting, banking, logistics, military or a related experience).
Youre open to travel. This role will require 30 travel time.
BABS degree required. 

Base Pay Range: 155500 - 210500  year  equity
About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.