About the Team
Data is at the foundation of DoorDashs success. The Engineering team in India builds data tools for our internal and external consumers like Data as a Platform (DaaP) solution - which enables merchants and partners to retrieve the data they need from DoorDash and integrate it with their data pipeline, configuration tool which enables configuration management for ETLs , and few other internal tools to solve other data related use cases.
About the Role
As a part of Data Engineering, DoorDash is hiring a Full Stack Software Engineer to build APIs as part of DaaP solution and end-to-end solutions for various in-house data tools supporting other data initiatives. Youll collaborate cross-functionally, with multiple internal stakeholders and help solve some complex problems. This role is located in Pune, India. You will report directly into a Data Engineering Manager. This will be a hybrid position.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Build tools to be used by internal customers for data analytics and configurations.
Partner with Data Analysts, Data Scientists, ML Engineers and Data Infrastructure engineers to collaborate on exciting projects.
Collaborate with other engineers to support data needs of merchants and aggregators.
Support internal consumers by building UI solutions.

Were excited about you because you have...

3-5 years of software development experience on tech stacks including React, RESTful APIs and SQL.
Located in Pune, India
Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or related discipline.
Strong foundation in computer science and engineering: algorithms, data structures, programming, databases, design patterns, virtualization, etc.
Knowledge of frontend technologies such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3, React.
Proficiency in object-oriented programming using Java or Kotlin (preferred).
Ability to analyze and improve efficiency, scalability, security, and stability of system resources.
Experience in building large-scale microservice-based architectures  working with cloud services like AWS, GCP, or Azure
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, and ability to collaborate with remote team members across time zones.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. 
DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.