About the Team
The DoorDash Enterprise team is responsible for the strategic vision, acquisition, and development of the largest restaurant groups in North America. Given the scale of our key partners, this role is a critical piece of DoorDashs growth and success in every market in which we operate. As a Manager on the Enterprise team, you will deliver and support an operational game plan for our top strategic partners as well as work cross functionally with marketing, analytics, and product to drive our business forward.
About the Role
You will report into our Manager of Enterprise Partnerships on our Enterprise Restaurants Partnerships team in our Business Development  Enterprise organization. Once our offices reopen, we expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote. The ability to work hours aligning with central  eastern time zones, preferred. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will
 Strategize Vision:

Engage partners in growth strategy conversations (i.e., adding more stores to DoorDash, increasing same-store sales, growing net profitability, etc)
Strategically introduce and execute on new DoorDash product opportunities to broaden partnership depth and increase partner revenue streams (i.e., white-label fulfillment)
Execute co-marketing campaigns with partners to promote the DoorDash partnership, drive sales, and increase customer awareness 

Relationship Management:

Develop  foster partner relationships with C-suite as well as strategy, marketing, and operations leads to provide a best-in-class partnership
Conduct Quarterly Business Reviews with partners to deepen relationship, review performance, and develop forward-looking strategies
Determine the needs and wants of merchants, prioritize them by impact on the business, and work to co-create solutions

Operational Excellence:  

Serve at the primary point of contact for all issues and be accountable for their resolution
Drive forward operational improvement with your partners to ensure that together we are delivering the best experience for DoorDash customers
Leverage playbooks, tools and internal resources to ensure merchants receive a high quality experience on DoorDash, working to resolve any roadblocks and achieve operational efficiency
Work cross-functionally with our Product, Operations, Marketing and Sales teams to ensure merchants have the best possible experience when using DoorDashs services. This influences the overall product roadmap, making us better each day 

Were excited about you because

You love working directly with clients; you create and maintain long-term relationships
You are a problem solver at core, with a strong bias for action
You are passionate about using analytics to build insights around problems and opportunities
You like rolling up your sleeves as much as you like the big picture
Youre comfortable with a fast pace and several moving parts; we move quick and are defining an entire industry
You know how to take very broad challenges or opportunities and turn them into actionable projects with clear milestones and goals, with minimal guidance

Qualifications

4-6 years of experience in consulting, client success, account management, or sales
Proven success working in cross-functional teams (e.g., with product, marketing, and operations) to build creative solutions
Expert communication and interpersonal skills
Bachelors degree required

Nice To Haves

High growth or early-stage startup experience
Experience with marketplaces, operations, logistics or unit economics
Proficiency in one or more analytics  visualization tools  (e.g., Chartio, Excel)
Knowledge of CRM software (e.g., Salesforce)

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants and sales commission.Colorado Pay Range:98,000—132,400 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:108,800—147,200 USDNew York Pay Range:108,800—147,200 USD