About the Team
Its an exciting time to join our growing Accounting team with ample development opportunities. Were looking for a Senior GL Accountant who will work with other general ledger accounting staff on daily accounting operations. You will report into our Senior Accounting Manager. This will be a 100 remote position.
About the Role
We are hiring a Senior GL accountant who will partner with the current team to help drive process improvement for our operating expense function.  You will work cross-functionally to achieve business goals by driving forward process improvements and to ensure accurate reporting of operating expenses.  You will report to the Senior Accounting Manager on our Accounting team.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Prepare journal entries and monthly account reconciliations for specific areas of the general ledger
Be a key owner of the monthly close process for US and foreign entities for specifically assigned functional areas
Ensure financial records are maintained for Management and GAAP Consolidated financial statements using accepted procedures
Help provide deliverables to external auditor on annual audits and quarterly reviews
Communicate with FPA, operational stakeholders internally and external parties regarding relevant accounting matters
Ad-hoc analyses and projects to further our process improvement initiatives

Were excited about you because you

Are self-motivated and self-managed - able to think independently, creatively, and opportunistically
Have a get-it-done mindset - youre able to handle stress well, and youre humble and scrappy!
Have sharp business acumen and process-oriented 
Are data-obsessed and unafraid to go down to the lowest level of detail for truth and high level of attention to detail
Have excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills, including strong proficiency in English.
Have a strong organizational and time management skills
4 years of relevant accounting experience
Have strong knowledge of US GAAP, PCAOB standards, SOXinternal controls
Experience with NetSuite, Coupa, GSuite preferred
Bachelors degree in Accounting, CPA certification a plus
Strong spreadsheet skills, with the ability to manipulate and digest large amounts of data

Why Youll Love Working at DoorDash
We are leaders  Leadership is not limited to our management team. Its something everyone at DoorDash embraces and embodies.
We are operators  We believe the only way to predict the future is to build it. Creating solutions to lead our company and our industry is what we do on every project, every day. 
We are learners  Everyone here is continually learning on the job, no matter if weve been in a role for one year or one minute. We are committed to learning and implementing what is best for our customers, merchants, and dashers.
We are one team  The magic of DoorDash is our people, together making our inspiring goals attainable and driving us to greater heights.
About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.