About the Team
The Sales compliance team is responsible for designing and ensuring effective controls across DoorDashs sales organization. The team has 3 functions - Contract Operations, Commercial Operations and Controls. The Sales Compliance team is part of the larger Sales Strategy  Operations team which accelerates productivity and develops go-to-market strategies and processes to support our sales organization. This group builds the engine and foundation for DoorDash to achieve the best selection for our platform and grow revenues across all business lines.  
About the Role
The Sr. Manager, Contract Operations, will be working cross-functionally with our product, business transformation, and legal teams to develop and implement contract management processes and best practices. You will continue to build the framework for contract compliance at DoorDash and make sure the processes implemented are scalable. A successful Sr. Manager will be able to develop strong relationships cross-functionally and implement all contracting tools used at DoorDash. You will report into the Director, Sales Compliance on our Sales Compliance team in our Sales Strategy  Operations organization. Once our offices reopen, we expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Lead the IronClad CLM implementation including requirements gathering, design, testing and release. 
 Manage existing configurations for contracting tools and drive continuous improvements to make the contracting process more efficient
Ensure integrations with other systems such as salesforce are maintained and optimized
Define the CLM development and change management processes 
Define the CLM release management process across multiple teams and be responsible for driving a release cadence 
Engage with internal auditors and data security teams as needed
Be responsible for defining and maintaining SLAs  

Were excited about you because

You have a Bachelors degree and 8 years of relevant experience building contracting systems and processes
 You have 5 years of experience managing a high performing team
You have implemented CLM systems and have a deep understanding of the order to cash process and how contracting fits in that 
You have experience leading complex and highly cross functional projects, communicating key updates and dependencies to senior management
You have experience with change management best practices 
You have experience troubleshooting technical issues and are able to problem solve across multiple systems such as salesforce, CLM, in-house systems to get to the root cause

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information. DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others. In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:159,000—215,000 USD