About the Team
New Verticals is an exciting team at DoorDash that is building and scaling new ways to delight our customers, leveraging the DoorDash platform. New Verticals include the DashMart, Convenience, Alcohol, Grocery, and Retail businesses. These categories bring about new challenges and opportunities to build something at DoorDash from the ground up.
About the Role
Were hiring a Manager on the New Verticals Affordability  Pricing team to lead the strategy development and implementation of improved pricing structures in order to make the platform more affordable and accessible for New Verticals customers. You will use a significant degree of analytical thinking and quantitative analyses to drive growth and retention for New Verticals team.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize. From first principles, youll develop the optimal strategy for best serving our customers.
Lead and collaborate. This role will lean in on strategic, multi-category projects to ensure success during each quarter.
Build. Youll have your fingerprints all over driving growth of DoorDashs next big businesses. Youll do whatever it takes to launch, get 1 better every day, and scale something completely new. This means everything from high-level strategy to nitty-gritty operational details.
Experiment. Youll transform strategies into operational experiments that create measurable and actionable outcomes
Analyze. Youll assess the operational and financial impacts of your decisions, and iterate based on data.

Were excited about you because

Youre organized. You thrive in creating structure out of nothing.
You solve problems from first principles. Youre excited to solve problems in innovative ways, and you resist this is how its always been done thinking.
You thrive with a diverse set of responsibilities.You love working across a breadth of disciplines and teams.
Youre analytical. You let data win arguments, and youre comfortable pulling your own data in SQL or modeling in Excel.
Youre persuasive. You are an effective communicator, speaking as if youre right and listening as if youre wrong. You meet people on their level.
You act with urgency. Speed excites you. You prefer an accomplishment today to an accomplishment tomorrow.
Youre relentless. You do what it takes to win, no matter what.
You have 6 years of experience. Youve succeeded in a competitive, or challenging environment.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:129,000—206,000 USDNew York Pay Range:129,000—206,000 USDWashington Pay Range:129,000—195,500 USD