About the Team
DoorDash is looking for a Sales Strategy  Operations team member to help lead our Sales Strategy and Operation efforts in Australia and execute strategic projects that enhance sales productivity by helping our teams be more useful in targeting and closing the most valuable partnerships at scale. Youll work with our Sales, Partner Management, Operations, Product, and Analytics teams to build the merchant foundation.
About the Role
Our Sales and Partner Management teams are the heart and soul of DoorDash, helping us partner with top restaurants across Australia to increase revenue and help our partners operate even better. As we expand our DoorDash footprint in Australia the strength of our sales engine and organisational structure must grow with it.
As our Sales Strategy  Operations Senior Associate or Associate Manager, youll discover and improve performance improvements across the sales organisation and build the foundation for it to grow. This will include building go-to-market strategies based on market specific nuances, revenue optimization, strategic programs to enhance productivity, territory planning, process redesign, product roadmap and launches, resource allocation and pipeline analytics. You will sit at the intersection of our revenue generation engine and our teams, and will require prioritisation and data-driven decision-making to ensure our teams are working against the right goals and have the tools needed to achieve them.
Were looking for someone who is data-driven, and has exceptional interpersonal and relationship-building skills. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize  Create and implement programs against the overall sales org strategy for winning the merchant
Experiment  Use data-driven decision-making to run sales tests and lead market intelligence efforts
Optimize  Build the best merchant acquisition engine so DoorDash can become market leader in Australia
Analyze  Build models to evaluate the economics, value, and opportunity costs of strategic initiatives intended to multiply rep productivity
Influence  Manage cross-functional projects with our sales, partner management, operations, product, engineering, business operations and BD teams to improve the merchant experience and achieve targets

Were excited about you because

You have 1.5 - 3 years of experience in sales operations  tech  investment banking  corporate strategy   management consulting
You have excellent Excel skills (can perform complex functions); SQL knowledge a bonus
You have experience leading cross-functional projects, hitting goals, and succeeding in a fast moving environment
You have experience working with Salesforce and other CRMs

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.