About the Team
DoorDash is looking for top talent to play a pivotal role in growing our Alcohol business! We are looking for someone who is excited about joining a fast-paced environment and driving our next wave of growth. Were looking for hustle, smarts, and deep market knowledge; individuals who are inspired to bring their vision, passion and skills, to enable us to best serve our Merchants, Dashers and Consumers. Join us in our global mission to empower and grow local economies.
About the Role
You will be responsible for key levers that will drive the Alcohol business forward. You will be responsible for defining and executing an operational compliance strategy and helping oversee day-to-day operations.
You will lead go-to-market activities to unlock new markets, dive into data to monitor performance and root cause any issues, and work cross-functionally with product, legal, and comms teams to drive socially responsible growth. You are motivated, analytical, data-driven problem solvers. You possess exceptional interpersonal, communications and relationship-building skills. You are eager to learn and are willing to roll up their sleeves and do whatever it takes to make the business successful. 
You will report into the Senior Manager on our Alcohol Compliance team in our New Verticals organization. We operate in a hybrid working model; you will be able to work from home while also having the option to go into the office for in-person collaboration from time to time. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Strategize - Work on unique strategies across our three-sided marketplace
Engage  Implement scalable initiatives and best practices to provide a world-class operation
Operate  Own tracking dashboards and manage week over week metrics to drive safe, compliant delivery operations.
Analyze  Build models using tools like Excel and SQL to evaluate the economic and strategic costs and benefits of various programs and experiments
Influence  Partner with many teams like: Operations, Product, Engineering, Legal, Policy, Comms, etc. to create strategic plans and harness opportunities while gaining buy-in from stakeholders and leadership

Were excited about you because

You are a self-starter  You have a bias for action and are able to thrive in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment
You are a problem solver  You have a talent for synthesizing complex problems, can translate high-level goals into actionable plans, and enjoy implementing a process
You are curious  You always look for creative ways to move the needle
You are entrepreneurial  You want to shape the vision and direction of the company
You are analytical  You use data to inform tough decisions, and are comfortable operating at both the 10,000 foot level and at the 10 inch level
You are an owner  Youre always looking for opportunities to better your work product and own the outcome  both the good and the bad
3 years experience in consulting, strategy, tech or related experience; high-growth or early-stage start-up experience or compliance experience is a bonus

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:100,000—135,000 USDNew York Pay Range:100,000—135,000 USDWashington Pay Range:95,000—128,000 USD