About the Team
The New Verticals team is all about expanding DoorDash beyond Restaurants, and helping deliver anything our Customers want. Our Shopper team focuses on how to make DoorDash the best place to order your groceries, convenience, alcohol and retail goods.
About the Role
You will help define our Shopper strategy and how we manage grocery, convenience, alcohol and retail orders to perfection. You will analyze large sets of data to inform new strategic initiatives, product features and operational processes. You will also own quality metrics and be responsible for using a combination of Ops and Product levers to drive down order defects. By improving the shopper experience, you will be able to impact consumer behaviors, average order volume and operational costs. You will report into a Manager on the New Verticals Strategy  Operations team. We operate in a hybrid model; we do try to get the team together once a quarter in person! 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Analyze. You are familiar with SQL and love working with data to drive business decision-making. 
Build. You will help build strategic initiatives that impact our DasherShopper fleet at scale; this can vary from shopper rewards programs to shopper operational tactics. This means everything from high-level strategy to operational details.
Collaborate. You will advocate internally for solutions to enhance the user experience. Where a product or operations solution is needed to unlock growth and reduce cost, you will advocate for those resources with your central partners.
Lead. You will help lead cross-functional work streams to develop an operating playbook to establish processes and guidelines to grow our Top Shopper program and ensure every Shopping order is done right. You will help ideate new features and products to move our Shop  Deliver strategy forward.
Strategize. You will help develop the strategy for how we bring groceries to consumers, achieving perfect quality every time. You will help create quarterly and annual plans that push our business forward and are aligned with our product capabilities. You will help these teams identify opportunities for enhancing our existing product offering and methods to improve delivery quality.

Were excited about you because

You solve problems from first principles. Youre excited to think innovatively, and you resist this is how its always been done thinking.
Youre equally comfortable operating at 10,000 feet and 1 foot. You dont hesitate to get in the weeds and operate at the lowest level of detail, but youre also able to think long-term.
Youre analytical. Youre comfortable building complex SQL queries across multiple data sources and have experience with data visualization and dashboarding tools or youre willing to learn.
You have 3 years of experience. Youve succeeded in high-performing cultures (tech, operations, strategy, consulting, banking, or a related experience).

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.New York Pay Range:100,000—135,000 USD