About the Team
The Analytics team is looking for experienced Data Scientists and Senior Data Scientists to guide measurement, strategy, and tactical decision-making across the company across a variety of teams and levels. Data Scientists at DoorDash work to uncover insights and turn them into relevant recommendations, driving decisions for the entire organization. Analytics is integral to all operational areas at DoorDash.
Please apply here for all non-managerial levels within the following analytics teams:

Consumer  Growth
Business Operations
Dasher  Logistics
Customer Experience  Integrity
Merchant, Ads  Sales
New Verticals
International Data Science

About the Role
As a Data Scientist at DoorDash, youll use your quantitative background to mentor other scientists and dive into large datasets to guide decision-making. We solve a multitude of exciting challenges including customer acquisition, fraud and support, marketing, balancing supply and demand, new city launches, marketplace efficiency, and more. If you enjoy finding patterns amidst chaos, and have experience using analytics to affect revenue, growth, operations or beyond, were looking for someone like you!
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Use quantitative analysis and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand what drives our business
Build full-cycle analytics experiments, reports, and dashboards using SQL, R, Python, or other scripting and statistical tools
Work with and mentor junior analysts on how to use more advanced methods and solve challenges
Produce recommendations and use statistical techniques and hypothesis testing to validate your findings
Provide insights to help business and product leaders understand marketplace dynamics, user behaviors, and long-term trends
Identify and measure levers to help move essential metrics and make recommendations
Work backwards from understanding and sizing problems to ideating solutions
Report against our goals by identifying essential metrics and building executive-facing dashboards to track progress
Collaborate with engineering to implement, document, validate, and monitor our logging

Were excited about you because you have

A degree in Math, Physics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or a similar domain
4 years of experience in data analytics, consulting, or related role
Experience working with funnel optimization, user segmentation, cohort analyses, time series analyses, regression models, etc
Expertise of SQL queries, ETL, AB Testing, and statistical analysis (e.g. hypothesis testing, experimentation, regressions) with statistical packages, such as Matlab, R, SAS or Python
Proficiency in one or more analytics  visualization tools (e.g. Chartio, Looker, Tableau)
The insight to take ambiguous problems and solve them in a structured, hypothesis-driven, data-supported way

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:137,500—268,000 USDNew York Pay Range:137,500—268,000 USDWashington Pay Range:137,500—268,000 USD