About the Team
Product Marketing brings the value of DoorDash to Customers, Merchants, and Dashers by informing DoorDashs product strategy through identifying audience needs, communicating the value of the products and services we create, and by nurturing engagement through marketing campaigns and programs. The team is small-yet-mighty and growing quickly.
About the Role
As a Sr. Product Marketing Manager, Core DriverDasher Experience, you will be responsible for working with product marketing, product management, business, marketing, and creative teams to help drive Dasher sentiment and engagements. Youll work on national scale GTM launches as well as scrappy ops tests to support the development and scaling of Sentiment, Ratings, and Reward program products and features. Youll support strategic product marketing initiatives that drive awareness, adoption  excitement of existing pay, financial and experience products for Dashers to drive outsized impact for them and our business. Youll leverage in-app, owned, and earned channels to grow product usage, measure impact, and drive awareness for these initiatives. Youll collaborate with research teams like UXR and Audience insights to identify and synthesize Dasher needs, trends, and early opportunities for us to explore. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will
A team player who leads by example. You bring a growth and performance mindset to problems, while also weaving together a knack for storytelling to help make a campaign or product launch successful.
Key responsibilities:

Support the development and execution of go-to-market plans that exceed new  existing feature adoption and satisfaction goals with Dashers 
Execute marketing experimentation for new offerings that Dashers value and adopt. Inform key learnings and develop plans to tackle opportunities for future growth
Roll up your sleeves to own the success of a campaign or test: writing content, setting up in-app and email campaigns, and bringing together other needed partners to execute your strategies
Partner with research to support and execute groundbreaking customer research. Use it to provide actionable recommendations that improve our marketing and product strategies
Join a cross-functional team from Product, Brand, CRM, and Operations on weekly business reviews. Report out to leadership on progress and drive recommendations
Work with teams to analyze and own product metrics, uncovering key opportunities for marketing and iterating on messagingpositioning accordingly

Were excited about you because

6-9  years of professional experience in a marketing or strategy role, within a high-growth and fast-paced environment and experience working with Product and Strategy teams
Fluency with data - including marketsegment sizing, forecasting, and working with analytics to understand efficacy of campaigns after the fact, experience running tests, and leveraging excel and SQL to gather insights and trends
Ability to flex seamlessly between strategy and execution working internally across a variety of cross functional teams with deep understanding of how to launch ab testing
Strong project management and leadership skills, ideally in a customer facing role leading or assisting with digital marketing or sales campaigns
A builders mentality, are passionate about technology products that impact millions, and think of yourself as an energizing, effective communicator eager to get into product marketing 

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.Colorado Pay Range:153,000—207,000 USDCalifornia Pay Range:161,500—230,000 USDNew York Pay Range:170,000—230,000 USDWashington Pay Range:161,500—218,500 USD