About the Team
DoorDashs mission is to grow and empower local economies. By building intelligent, last-mile delivery technology for local cities, DoorDash connects people with the local businesses they care about — helping grow businesses and the communities that support those businesses. To further this mission, were looking for an experienced consumer growth marketer to join our growing consumer marketing team at a pivotal and exciting time for DoorDash.
The consumer growth marketing team is focused on building and nurturing our consumer base by building a relationship with our consumer and providing them with an engaging and relevant cross-channel experience. The consumer growth marketing team at DoorDash is growing rapidly and it is expected this person will be a leader on the team, help develop our marketing approach, and grow their career as the team expands.
About the Role
Were looking for a talented and driven performance marketer with strong knowledge of onlineoffline marketingperformance channels to join our Consumer Growth Marketing team.  This role will offer you the opportunity to have an immediate impact by managing the performance of acquisition channels for our International markets.  Youll be at the forefront of leading analysis, solving complex problems, and making strategic recommendations to drive the business forward and expand our presence in these new international locations.  In this role you will get the opportunity to work cross-functionally with other DoorDash teams (including the regional teams) and as well as with our partners, like Google and Apple, to test and implement new marketing technologies.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Manage multi-million dollar monthly digital budgets across digital paid marketing channels, including Paid Search (Google, Microsoft), App Search (Apple Search Ads, UAC), and Shopping
Work closely with agencies and in-house team to optimize media buying in an effort to hit aggressive growth targets in a cost-effective manner
Establish channel forecasts and budget recommendations, with the speed and ownership to adjust tactics and strategies quickly based on learnings and opportunities
Direct and manage agencies to achieve goals and ROI targets
Maintain and monitor key metrics across channels including budget pacing, LTV, and CAC
Manage an experimentation roadmap to optimize performance including AB creative tests, incrementality tests, and bidding algo tests
Test new channelproduct features to identify incremental audiences and inventory for accelerating growth
Work closely with other teams and stakeholders to ensure goals are met

Were excited about you because
Youre a results-oriented marketer with demonstrated experience managing large budgets across acquisition channels.  You are highly analytical and count AB testing, optimizing customer acquisition costs, and analyzing campaign performance among your core competencies.  You are creative and collaborative and work well with teams to tackle challenging problems.  Most importantly, you are eager to roll up your sleeves to find opportunities and efficiencies in a fast-moving company at the forefront of on-demand food ordering.  Also, you probably love food!

Experience with organic and paid search marketing channels
A BABS degree and 4 years of related search performance marketing
Direct, hands-on experience managing media buying, optimization (Paid Search, App Search), and strategic planning either at an agency or in-house
You have deep familiarity with CPA, CPC, CVR, and LTV.
You are highly proficient in ExcelGoogle Sheets, as well as a strong grasp of AB testing, and metrics driven performance marketing.
You have an outstanding ability to think creatively, identify and resolve problems.
You have attention to detail and the ability to effectively multi-task in a deadline driven atmosphere. 
Strong quantitative, analytical and problem-solving skills; must be very comfortable with data analysis and able to use data to make decisions
Experience with Web  App TrackingAttribution (preferred)
Knowledge of SQL, Python or other data processing scripts (preferred)
Experience working on multi-sided marketplace businesses (preferred)

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others. In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:125,000—178,000 USDNew York Pay Range:132,000—178,000 USD