About the Team
DoorDashs mission is to grow and empower local economies. By building intelligent, last-mile delivery technology for local cities, DoorDash connects people with the local businesses they care about — helping grow businesses and the communities that support those businesses.
To help further that mission, the B2B Marketing team helps Merchants find the right DoorDash products to grow their businesses. We do this by acquiring new Merchants through paid, earned, and owned media channels to offer our customers the best options in their community, while also creating growth through product adoption efforts, like online ordering through Storefront, and expansion services, like in-app advertising. 
This individual will be a part of the B2B growth marketing team at DD and will focus on driving leads, pipeline conversion using email as a channel. We take pride in being the trusted advisor to our small-business Merchants, and the prominent Merchant advocate to our partners — navigating them through every step of their DoorDash journey and empowering them with the right, personalized resources, education, and suite of solutions to maximize their business, at scale.
About the Role
This role will work with the Director of B2B Acquisition Marketing to brainstorm, create, and optimize email programs that drive acquisition, activation of merchants and businesses across our various lines of businesses (Restaurants, New Verticals, DoorDash for Work). This is an exciting opportunity to own the email channel and drive acquisition and activations for the B2B audience of DoorDash. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Own email marketing strategy, execution, and goals to accelerate B2B acquisition,  increase funnel conversion, and drive revenue
Strategize, plan, and ideate new ideas for email initiatives, from one-off campaigns to email automation
Manage email initiatives from the ideation phase to execution, and be involved in every stage including outlines for copy, design suggestions, and tasks for the development team
Collaborate closely with different departments and teams: copywriting, design, data, dev, and QAPlan and conduct AB tests on email campaigns to continually optimize performance
Use technology and data to create thoughtful B2B customer journeys and initiatives that drive acquisition, activation of merchants, businesses
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including sales, product, and customer success, to create and execute campaigns that meet business objectives and deliver measurable results
Provide regular reporting and insights to key stakeholders on program performance and ROI
Build and execute targeted email marketing campaigns using data and insights that will help increase engagement across the funnel (TOFU, MOFU and BOFU) from prospects, existing merchants

Were excited about you because

6-8 years of experience with email marketing in a B2B setup Experience in one or more marketing automation platforms like Hubspot, Pardot and Marketo
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Efficiency in a dynamic, high-volume environment
Ability to successfully manage and collaborate on multiple, simultaneous projects
A keen eye for detail in regards to design layouts, copy, and accessibility
Experience tracking, analyzing, and reporting on key metrics
Overall understanding of B2B customer journey and how to use email as a lever to drive demand, convert prospects etc. Basic understanding of HTML and CSS

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:126,500—201,000 USDColorado Pay Range:126,500—181,000 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:126,500—201,000 USDNew York Pay Range:126,500—201,000 USDWashington Pay Range:126,500—191,500 USD