About the Team
Our team is on a mission to empower Client Engineers to build delightful and reliable consumer apps. We work across platforms to improve app and web performance, testability and release reliability. Were bringing on experienced engineers to help us create a platform that is delightful for both end-users and developers. 
About the Role
Were looking for an Android engineer who wants to work on an app used by millions of people. Weve seen significant growth, in our codebase and number of developers, and wed love for you to bring a piece of your culture and experience into ours so that we can continue to improve our processes and architecture. 
You will report into the engineering manager on our Client Platform team in our Consumer Platform organization. We expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote.
Checkout some of our recent work here and here. 
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will...

Improve our Android app performance, speed, and responsiveness
Lead projects to improve the testability of our Android applications
Develop the architecture of our Android applications
Scale our test infrastructure and automate releases
Introduce tools and best practices that accelerate our development process.

Were excited about you because you have...

B.S., M.S., or PhD. in Computer Science or equivalent
5 years of experience developing with Android SDK in a production environment
You have a deep understanding of the technical landscape of Android automation and can introduce and architect new methodologies for testing in this fragmented ecosystem
Experience with Android testing frameworks and best practices for testing
High bar for code quality

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. 
DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel. 
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.California Pay Range:123,000—195,500 USDNew York Pay Range:123,000—195,500 USDWashington Pay Range:123,000—195,500 USD