About the Team
DoorDash is seeking a talented Engineering Manager to lead our Dasher App Platform team. This team is responsible for leading the transition of the Dasher app experience to a standardized, multi-category, last-mile logistics platform. As a central platform team, it brings in leverage for all product teams that build Dasher facing features, it is responsible for driving the strategy for DoorDashs server driven UI tech, and for building a unified app experience for Dashers. The role additionally offers opportunity to expand to incepting and leading newer investments towards sprucing up the foundations of the Dasher app.
About the Role
As the manager for the Dasher App Platform team, you will manage a team of android, iOS, and backend engineers. You will be responsible for driving the technical vision, strategy, and execution of the team charter, and as a representative of the Dasher app foundations for numerous product teams that build on the Dasher app.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Guide the platformization strategy for the Dasher app and drive standardized experiences for Dashers
Build in-house server driven UX tech and uplevel developer velocity of product teams
Influence the developer experience of 100 engineers and the product experience of millions of Dashers
Scale the team by growing internal talent and attracting world-class talent
Grow in your career with unique and challenging opportunities to expand your skill set

Were excited about you because

Youre an owner - driven, focused, and quick to take ownership of your work
You are impact driven - you sign up for and drive high-business impact
A strong hands-on technical leader and strong product sense
Humble - youre willing to get into the details and youre open to feedback
You have 2 years of engineering leadership experience as an EM on a full-stack team 
You have 7 years of engineering experience
You have experience navigating ambiguous business problems and tackling high-scale technical challenges.

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.California Pay Range:208,000—282,000 USDWashington Pay Range:208,000—282,000 USD