About the Team
DoorDashs mission is to grow and empower local economies. By building intelligent, last-mile delivery technology for local cities, DoorDash connects people with the local businesses they care about — helping grow businesses and the communities that support those businesses. The mission of our Consumer Retention Marketing team is to build lasting relationships with our customers as soon as they engage with DoorDash by providing them with a personalized, cross-channel experience that delights them and drives them to return to DoorDash to find the products, merchants, and deals that are relevant to them.
About the Role
We are looking to bring on a strategic, solution-oriented, and creative retention marketer to join the New Verticals retention team.  In this role, you will focus on launching and iterating on CRM programs that drive growth and retention for emerging lines of businesses on DoorDash. The ideal candidate is able to think big picture and ideate on the Cx lifecycle in one moment, and seamlessly transition into the weeds of campaign execution and reporting in the next.  They have experience building consensus with cross-functional teams, building trusted relationships with cross functional partners, and excel at making data-informed decisions to accomplish campaign and business objectives. 
Key areas of support include: creating and maintaining campaigns  workflow strategy for New Vertical efforts, including offer, cadence, and audience testing; analyzing the impact of initiatives on key business metrics like order rate rate and revenue;  creative ideation  iteration, including creative optimization w the help of internal creative resources; consulting and overseeing strategy for various Cx workstreams. In this role, you will collaborate with all parts of the business (strategy  operations, brand, product marketing, analytics) and with our Retention team to create and execute strategies that engage and retain active customers on emerging lines of business at DoorDash. 
You will report to our Senior Manager in our Retention Marketing organization. Once our offices reopen, we expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Work to support new business lines and expansion opportunities, such as Retail, through thoughtful, strategic, multi-channel CRM strategies 
Manage end-to-end development and execution of email and in-app campaigns. 
Create adhoc campaigns as well as detailed customer journey flows with actionable trigger points to drive conversion and engagement based on customer insights 
Create the strategy and framework for the rapid testing in CRM channels
Be responsible for tracking your initiatives, reporting progress out to team proactively and identifying next steps from campaign learnings
Establish a strong working relationship with cross functional stakeholders in our Product, Marketing Operations, Analytics and Strategy teams
Stay current on marketing best practices in email and push notifications, sharing learnings and insights regularly with the broader marketing team

Were excited about you because you have 

4 years experience in customer retention marketing, customer engagement, or CRM operations
Results-oriented with an exceptional track record of developing profitable retention programs and exceeding performance targets
Highly motivated with an entrepreneurial spirit and ability to work independently, while also able to build strong internal relationships and consensus on initiatives
Passion for customer experience and increasing the value of customers 
Strong analytical skills; able to create data-driven marketing strategies and campaigns end to end
Strong stakeholder management and interpersonal skills
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience; Masters degree a plus
Basic knowledge of SQL, HTML and data visualization platforms (e.g. Tableau, Periscope) are nice-to-haves

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.California Pay Range:112,000—178,000 USDColorado Pay Range:112,000—160,500 USDNew Jersey Pay Range:112,000—152,000 USDNew York Pay Range:112,000—178,000 USDWashington Pay Range:112,000—169,500 USD