About the Team
The US Local Markets team manages the multiple products of DoorDash as a portfolio of geographies, identifying regional and local opportunities to accelerate growth for our centralized product teams within an integrated strategy.
About the Role
DoorDash is looking for a General Manager to join the Strategy  Operations team to accelerate growth opportunities in Florida.
You have experience blending analytics and creativity to scope and implement solutions, working as an individual contributor and as part of a larger team. You move deliberately and with speed. You can reliably manage multiple work streams at a low level of detail.
You will report to the General Manager of the US Local Markets team and manage a Strategy  Operations team based in Miami.  We expect this role to be hybrid with some time in-office and some time remote.
Youre excited about this opportunity because you will

Own business outcomes — Set and drive towards regional targets for growth and profitability
Build the team — Recruit, lead, and develop high-performing candidates on the US Local team
Influence  Work cross-functionally with Ops, Product, Finance, Analytics, Sales, Government Relations,  Business Development partners to support strategic projects and harness opportunities crucial to the growth of your region
Operate  Figure out how to get from A to Bthen actually make it happen.
Experiment - Run tests and scale insights. Embrace the challenge of having multiple paths forward and no right answer. Building a business in a competitive market will not be easy.

Were excited about you because

7 years of cross-functional leadership experience
4 years of leadership and management experience
You have a bias towards action and can thrive in a fast-paced, ambiguous environment
Youre willing to get your hands dirty and youre open to feedback
You crave responsibility and want to shape the direction of the market
You have led and motivated a team before
You have a talent for summarizing complex problems, can translate high-level goals into relevant plans
You have experience in a complex or high-growth environment
You speak Spanish fluently
Early stage startup experience a plus
Bachelors degree required, MBA or Masters Degree a plus
Logistics, Product Management, Business Operations andor Partnerships experience a plus

About DoorDash
At DoorDash, our mission to empower local economies shapes how our team members move quickly, learn, and reiterate in order to make impactful decisions that display empathy for our range of users—from Dashers to merchant partners to consumers. We are a technology and logistics company that started with door-to-door delivery, and we are looking for team members who can help us go from a company that is known for delivering food to a company that people turn to for any and all goods. DoorDash is growing rapidly and changing constantly, which gives our team members the opportunity to share their unique perspectives, solve new challenges, and own their careers. Were committed to supporting employees happiness, healthiness, and overall well-being by providing comprehensive benefits and perks including premium healthcare, wellness expense reimbursement, paid parental leave and more.
Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion
Were committed to growing and empowering a more inclusive community within our company, industry, and cities. Thats why we hire and cultivate diverse teams of people from all backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We believe that true innovation happens when everyone has room at the table and the tools, resources, and opportunity to excel.
Statement of Non-Discrimination: In keeping with our beliefs and goals, no employee or applicant will face discrimination or harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, maritaldomestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination and harassment based on protected categories, we also strive to prevent other subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (i.e., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at DoorDash. We value a diverse workforce  people who identify as women, non-binary or gender non-conforming, LGBTQIA, American Indian or Native Alaskan, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, differently-abled, caretakers and parents, and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Thank you to the Level Playing Field Institute for this statement of non-discrimination.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, and any other state or local hiring regulations, we will consider for employment any qualified applicant, including those with arrest and conviction records, in a manner consistent with the applicable regulation.
If you need any accommodations, please inform your recruiting contact upon initial connection.
Compensation
The location-specific base salary range for this position is listed below.  Compensation in other geographies may vary.
Actual compensation within the pay range will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, skills, prior relevant experience, and specific work location.  For roles that are available to be filled remotely, base salary is localized according to employee work location.  Please discuss your intended work location with your recruiter for more information.
DoorDash cares about you and your overall well-being, and thats why we offer a comprehensive benefits package, for full-time employees, that includes healthcare benefits, a 401(k) plan including an employer match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, wellbeing benefits, paid time off, paid parental leave, and several paid holidays, among others.
In addition to base salary, the compensation package for this role also includes opportunities for equity grants.