Join one of the worlds fastest growing fintech startups! Were looking for smart, motivated team members who want to change the way people pay their bills, helping them to improve their financial success.THE ROLE
The Sr. Manager of Sales Operations is a highly visible position and critical role for scaling the B2B business of doxo.  This role will be responsible for driving a broad range of growth initiatives from strategic projects related to sales and revenue planning to tactical projects in support of executing Salesforce and Hubspot campaigns.  Strong forecasting, analysis, and reporting skills are required to ensure that stakeholders across doxo have the visibility and insights necessary to effectively grow the B2B business.  The ability to understand doxos business end-to-end from marketing through sales to customer success and the ability to dive deep into each function will be important for managing and developing this fast growing business.
Responsibilities:

Driving the weekly sales pipeline and forecasting process
Developing reports and analyses required to effectively manage the business
Partnering with other teams on Salesforce configuration and reporting needs
Managing sales agreementscontracts submission and approval process
Sales commission processing and reporting
Driving weekly customer success and customer health reporting
Leading cross-team collaboration for monthly and quarterly business reviews
Creating segmentation and targeting models for marketing and sales campaigns
Partnering with Marketing team on campaigns and sales cadences
Producing marketing and sales campaign reporting and analysis
Partnering with Finance team on business planning and budgeting processes

Qualifications:

5-10 years of experience leading sales andor marketing operations teams
3 years of experience in early stage growth companies
3 years of experience configuring Salesforce for marketing and sales team
Strong Excel and BI skills.
Ability to collaborate and interact at all levels of the organization
Strong analytical and problem solving skills

WHO WE ARE
Each year U.S. households spend over 3.8 trillion - about one third of all consumer spending - on recurring bill payments. While staying on top of these bills is the single largest determinant for consumer financial health, organizing and paying them can be a time-consuming and frustrating chore. Since its inception, doxo has been on a mission to simplify and reduce the anxiety of staying on top of bills, empowering consumers to improve their financial health. Our company was founded on the simple idea that there should be an easy and more secure way for consumers to pay all of their bills through a single account, with any payment method, on any device. 
As consumers shift more bill payments online and to mobile, doxo continues to experience rapid growth. To date, over eight million doxo users across 97 of U.S. zip codes have paid bills through the payment network, across more than 45 different service categories. With more than 120,000 payable billers, doxos proprietary, crowd sourced provider directory is the largest in the nation. 
doxo is consistently recognized as both an innovative company and a great place to work by the likes of Inc. Magazine, Deloitte, Comparably, and BuiltIn. Come join us as we grow the team to further accelerate growth, forever changing the bill pay landscape to focus on the customer.
WHY WE ARE DIFFERENT
doxo is unique in that we have already found productmarket fit and that our service is filling an important market need every day. But we are still small enough that every employee, no matter their position, can make a meaningful impact. Because transparency is a priority at all levels across the organization, we are all aware of how our work contributes to the success of our business as a whole. We are agile and work hard to solve difficult problems quickly. We work as a team to get things done and mentor individuals to get to the next level in their career. 
OUR COMPANY PERKS AND BENEFITS

100 employer-paid medical, dental, and vision coverage for full-time employees
Generous equity grants
401k match to help you save for your future
15 days PTO to start, plus paid holidays
Charitable donation match
Pet insurance
Plus plenty of corporate discounts

Many Perks and Benefits only apply to Full Time Equivalent roles.
The annual base salary for this role is 140,000 - 190,000.  Starting pay will be based on several factors and commensurate with qualifications and experience.  Stock Options are also part of the compensation package for full time roles.doxo is an equal-opportunity employer and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.