Join one of the worlds fastest growing fintech startups! Were looking for smart, motivated team members who want to change the way people pay their bills, helping them to improve their financial success.THE ROLE
We are looking for a Director of Partner Acquisition to lead our team in building out our network of new partnerships with doxo to help us with our quickly growing Provider business.  The Service Providers we work with are fundamental to doxos growth.  They provide services to customers who pay their bills to those companies through doxo.
Responsibilities

Work closely with the doxo leadership to develop the program to grow the doxo Provider network and use of doxo Provider features by new providers
Pitch the doxo value proposition to Providers via video and live meetings and develop relationships
Become a leading authority on bill pay best practices to maximize customer value
Work with the Provider Marketing team to prioritize and develop collateral and campaigns used to accelerate network growth
Measure, report, and reinforce key metrics related to network development and Provider revenue
Lead a team of network development and account executives in converting Providers to using doxo features
Work closely with Sales Operations to operationalize and improve acquisition and go to market strategies 

Qualifications

Bachelors degree required, advanced graduate degree preferred.  Degrees andor experience demonstrating quantitative analytic capabilities are strongly preferred.
At least 5 years of experience working andor engaging actively with executive level leadership required
Experience developing and driving customer acquisition andor go to market programs and strategies
Experience leading, equipping and growing a team
Demonstrated initiative taking in work and educational experience
High degree of professionalism and executive level business standards.  
Very strong writing skills, especially in simplifying complex issues, and using data to support and explain key points, decisions, and assessing outcomes.
Demonstrated ability to write and speak with high standards of professionalism - able to develop materials for executive and board use
Strong business acumen with an understanding of what drives value for a business
Strong executive presence and EQ
Versatility with the ability to collaborate and partner with a diverse range of teams and individuals
Data driven with experience driving decisions through quantitative analysis
Velocity and agility that drives strategic and hands-on work
Preferred: Experience in the startup space
Preferred: Consulting experience with a focus on technical products
Preferred: Product andor Program Management experience
Preferred: Experience working directly with a SaaS product

WHO WE ARE
Each year U.S. households spend over 3.8 trillion - about one third of all consumer spending - on recurring bill payments. While staying on top of these bills is the single largest determinant for consumer financial health, organizing and paying them can be a time-consuming and frustrating chore. Since its inception, doxo has been on a mission to simplify and reduce the anxiety of staying on top of bills, empowering consumers to improve their financial health. Our company was founded on the simple idea that there should be an easy and more secure way for consumers to pay all of their bills through a single account, with any payment method, on any device. 
As consumers shift more bill payments online and to mobile, doxo continues to experience rapid growth. To date, over eight million doxo users across 97 of U.S. zip codes have paid bills through the payment network, across more than 45 different service categories. With more than 120,000 payable billers, doxos proprietary, crowd sourced provider directory is the largest in the nation.
doxo is consistently recognized as both an innovative company and a great place to work by the likes of Inc. Magazine, Deloitte, Comparably, and BuiltIn. Come join us as we grow the team to further accelerate growth, forever changing the bill pay landscape to focus on the customer.
WHY WE ARE DIFFERENT 
doxo is unique in that we have already found productmarket fit and that our service is filling an important market need every day. But we are still small enough that every employee, no matter their position, can make a meaningful impact. Because transparency is a priority at all levels across the organization, we are all aware of how our work contributes to the success of our business as a whole. We are agile and work hard to solve difficult problems quickly. We work as a team to get things done and mentor individuals to get to the next level in their career.
OUR COMPANY PERKS AND BENEFITS:

100 employer-paid medical, dental, and vision coverage for full-time employees
Generous equity grants
401k match to help you save for your future
15 days PTO to start, plus paid holidays
Charitable donation match
Pet insurance
Plus plenty of corporate discounts

Many Perks and Benefits only apply to Full Time Equivalent roles.
The annual base salary for this role is 140,000 - 190,000.  Starting pay will be based on several factors and commensurate with qualifications and experience.  Stock Options are also part of the compensation package for full time roles.doxo is an equal-opportunity employer and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds.