About Drift
Drift, the Conversation Cloud company, helps businesses connect with people at the right time, in the right place with the right conversation. Using the Drift Conversation Cloud, businesses can personalize experiences that lead to more quality pipeline, revenue and lifelong customers. Drift brings Conversational Marketing, Conversational Sales and Conversational Service into a single platform that integrates chat, email and video and powers personalized experiences with artificial intelligence (AI) at all stages of the customer journey. More than 5,000 customers use Drift to deliver a more enjoyable and more human buying experience that builds trust and accelerates revenue. Representing less than 1 of unicorns led by Latino founders, Drift is building an equitable, enduring company to transform the way businesses buy from businesses.
About The Team
Drift is looking to add a Revenue Associate to help scale our talented and close-knit AccountingFinance team. This is an exciting opportunity to join a prominent and growing technology company in Boston, to learn new skills and showcase your strengths, and to introduce new ideas. This person will be a critical member of a team that will help scale the company by building and fostering key business partnerships across the organization. 
About the Role
In this role, you will be: 

Manage and own the customer receivables collection process, including daily cash receipt application and management of accounts receivable aging
Communicate with customers regarding orders, invoicing, billing requests and other general inquiries
Responsible for enforcing and maintaining the Company billing and collections policy
Report on the results of your work weekly including important receivable metrics such as DSO, collection rates and time to process orders
Collaborate with the Sales, Customer Success and Customer Support teams to manage billing questions and ensure a smooth and high-quality experience for our customers
Assist the FPA team in customer collections and month-end cash forecasting
Helping with the preparation of documentation for external financial statement and tax audits.
Providing operational and accounting support for special projects and ad-hoc reporting and analysis as necessary.
Establishing and driving business process and financial system improvements that will enable more efficient financial operations and collaboration within the Company.
Supporting and helping maintain strong internal control policies and procedures.

About you and what type of skills youll need:
Customer-centric and passionate about making a difference in your role. Self-starter, self-motivated, able to think independently and at the same time want to continue to learn and develop your skill set. A thinker and a problem-solver with an eye for process improvement. Seeking a team player, able to work across different departments and different management levels, and focused on solving business and financial challenges.
In this role, you should have:

Bachelors degree in Accounting, Finance, or Business Administration; previous internship or work experience a plus
Comfortable working on a fast-paced team with changing priorities within a high-growth company
Strong communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills to interact with various levels of management and build influential relationships with partners in the business
Positive attitude with high level of eagerness and aptitude to learn new technology and practices
Independentflexible problem-solver with the ability to adapt as the business grows
Knowledge of Excel, with experience in Salesforce andor NetSuite a plus

Drift is committed to being an equal opportunity employer.
We know that applying for a new job can be intimidating. But guess what? At Drift, there is no such thing as an ideal candidate. We believe in the power of teamwork -- and in the desire to learn something new every day. We believe in hiring people, not just skills. Take it from our Founder. 
If this sounds like a company you would like to join and a role you would thrive in, please dont hold back from applying! Whatever skills you bring to the table or background youre coming from, we welcome you to start a conversation with us. We need your unique perspective for our continued innovation and success. Were looking forward to learning more about you!
Drift is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at disabilitiesdrift.com. 
For Colorado residents: The base salary range for this roles listed level is currently 41K to 56K for Colorado residents only. Through a review of equity with other team members, market data, experience, knowledge, skills and the abilities of the applicant, the level and salary ranges may change. Sales roles are also eligible for incentive pay targeted at a percentage of the base salary. Disclosure as required by the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, C.R.S.  8-5-101 et seq.
For California candidates, attached is the link to Drifts Candidate Privacy Notice.