About Drift  
Drift, the Conversation Cloud company, helps businesses connect with people at the right time, in the right place with the right conversation. Using the Drift Conversation Cloud, businesses can personalize experiences that lead to more quality pipeline, revenue and lifelong customers. Drift brings Conversational Marketing, Conversational Sales and Conversational Service into a single platform that integrates chat, email and video and powers personalized experiences with artificial intelligence (AI) at all stages of the customer journey. More than 5,000 customers use Drift to deliver a more enjoyable and more human buying experience that builds trust and accelerates revenue. Representing less than 1 of unicorns led by Latino founders, Drift is building an equitable, enduring company to transform the way businesses buy from businesses.
About the team 
Whether youre an intern or a principal, you will get to work on hard problems together. We want you to bring out your unique experience and specialities!
What youll be doing on the team:
In one month youll...

Own the design process for one team, collaborating with one product manager, one customer advocate, and six-nine  engineers to ship customer value.
Spend time talking to customers, understanding their problems, and validating that your solutions solve a real problem for them
Contribute new controls or design improvements to our design system to help ensure consistency across products
Collaborate with our researchers to validate solutions to customer problems with usability tests
Take one-pagers that your PM has written (our version of specs that you can learn about here: https:www.drift.comblogone-pager) that describe customer problems and turn them into potential solutions
Own the successful delivery of UX from big rocks to small pebbles

By month 3 youll...

Become an expert on Drifts customers and their needs
Contribute major improvements to our design system
Collaborate with our researchers to conduct customer interviews and usability tests on your own
Collaborate with your squads triad (PM, Eng leader, and you), bringing customer insights and the design perspective into decisions on priorities
Work with engineers to own shipping high quality, delightful solutions to our customers
Ship a lot of product improvements and features using the GoodBetterBest framework (Learn more about how we do that here: https:www.drift.combloghow-to-ship)

By month 6 youll...

Own the success of your teams by helping set and achieving quarterly goals
Demonstrate your expertise on Drifts customers and how youve solved their problems by presenting at Show and Tell (our Friday company meeting)
Ship a bunch of high impact, customer facing product improvements and features (seriously, youll be amazed when you look back at what youve accomplished!)
Impacted Drifts growth substantially through your amazing design work

About you and what type of skills youll need:

You are positive, creative, curious, and arent afraid to ask a lot of questions.
Collaboration is exciting to you and you enjoy understanding the perspectives of others.
Youre dedicated to your craft and want to work amongst a team that will inspire you on a daily basis.
Youre an end-to-end product designer, working all the way from problem identification through delivery of impactful, high quality solutions
You are can take candid feedback well and are looking to grow your skillsets
You are OK with multi-tasking and can synthesize multiple perspectives to get the most important thing done.
You are detail oriented and organized.
You love listening to customers, discussing strategy with colleagues, but also diving into the weeds.

 
Drift is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. 
We know that applying for a new job can be intimidating. But guess what? At Drift, there is no such thing as an ideal candidate. We believe in the power of teamwork -- and in the desire to learn something new every day. We believe in hiring people, not just skills.
If this sounds like a company you would like to join and a role you would thrive in, please dont hold back from applying! Whatever skills you bring to the table or background youre coming from, we welcome you to start a conversation with us. We need your unique perspective for our continued innovation and success. Were looking forward to learning more about you!
Drift is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at disabilitiesdrift.com. 
For Colorado residents: The base salary range for this roles listed level is currently 82K to 109K for Colorado residents only. Through a review of equity with other team members, market data, experience, knowledge, skills and the abilities of the applicant, the level and salary ranges may change. Sales roles are also eligible for incentive pay targeted at a percentage of the base salary. Disclosure as required by the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, C.R.S.  8-5-101 et seq.
For California candidates, attached is the link to Drifts Candidate Privacy Notice.
 