About Drift  
Drift, the Conversation Cloud company, helps businesses connect with people at the right time, in the right place with the right conversation. Using the Drift Conversation Cloud, businesses can personalize experiences that lead to more quality pipeline, revenue and lifelong customers. Drift brings Conversational Marketing, Conversational Sales and Conversational Service into a single platform that integrates chat, email and video and powers personalized experiences with artificial intelligence (AI) at all stages of the customer journey. More than 5,000 customers use Drift to deliver a more enjoyable and more human buying experience that builds trust and accelerates revenue. Representing less than 1 of unicorns led by Latino founders, Drift is building an equitable, enduring company to transform the way businesses buy from businesses.
What youll be doing on the Product team at Drift:
In this role, youll own a key product driving Drifts vision. Were working to make it easier for companies to buy software from other companies. To do this youll:

Help expand Drifts business by building new capabilities and improving existing ones to find new revenue streams, expand into new markets, and increase retention.
Work closely with customers and prospects by joining pre- and post-sales calls to understand their problems intimately and validate potential solutions
Partner with product design and engineering to quickly research, design, and build features, using quick iterations and frequent validation to confidently deliver features to market.
Become the expert for your domain, and earn trust across the company as the go-to person for answers, finding solutions (both short and long term), and getting things done.
Own your area end-to-end - from defining and executing goals, roadmap, and features, to getting the company excited about what youre doing by training and enabling sales and customer teams, driving adoption, measuring impact, and sharing successes. 

About you and what type of skills youll need

You have 2 years experience building B2B SaaS products (marketing or Sales products a plus).
You have 4-6 years of software product management experience
You are proficient at data analysis tools to derive customer insights, find opportunities for improvement, and make decisions.
You have a working knowledge of GPT and other AI technologies, and can guide your team in how to leverage them for product improvements
You have excellent written and oral communication skills, and are fluent in using both data and customer feedback to make a bulletproof argument.
You have experience presenting to executive stakeholders, participating in the sales process, and handling sensitive customer escalations.
You are comfortable with ambiguity, making decisions quickly and autonomously, and shifting directions as needed.


You can take candid feedback well and are looking to grow your skill sets


You are an expert at gathering and synthesizing multiple perspectives, figuring out the most important thing, and driving the team and all your stakeholders to get it done.


You are detail oriented and organized.
Preferably have some experience in sales andor marketing so you can deeply understand our users
Preferably you have some early stage startup experience and can ruthlessly prioritize to iterate quickly

Drift is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. 
We know that applying for a new job can be intimidating. But guess what? At Drift, there is no such thing as an ideal candidate. We believe in the power of teamwork -- and in the desire to learn something new every day. We believe in hiring people, not just skills. Take it from our Founder. 
If this sounds like a company you would like to join and a role you would thrive in, please dont hold back from applying! Whatever skills you bring to the table or background youre coming from, we welcome you to start a conversation with us. We need your unique perspective for our continued innovation and success. Were looking forward to learning more about you!
Drift is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at disabilitiesdrift.com. 
For Colorado residents: The base salary range for this roles listed level is currently 105K to 131K for Colorado residents only. Through a review of equity with other team members, market data, experience, knowledge, skills and the abilities of the applicant, the level and salary ranges may change. Sales roles are also eligible for incentive pay targeted at a percentage of the base salary. Disclosure as required by the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, C.R.S.  8-5-101 et seq.
For California candidates, attached is the link to Drifts Candidate Privacy Notice.