 
About Drift  
Drift, the Conversation Cloud company, helps businesses connect with people at the right time, in the right place with the right conversation. Using the Drift Conversation Cloud, businesses can personalize experiences that lead to more quality pipeline, revenue and lifelong customers. Drift brings Conversational Marketing, Conversational Sales and Conversational Service into a single platform that integrates chat, email and video and powers personalized experiences with artificial intelligence (AI) at all stages of the customer journey. More than 5,000 customers use Drift to deliver a more enjoyable and more human buying experience that builds trust and accelerates revenue. Representing less than 1 of unicorns led by Latino founders, Drift is building an equitable, enduring company to transform the way businesses buy from businesses.
About the team
We put the customer at the center of everything we do, and everyone who works at Drift has a part in driving customer success. The goal of the Enterprise Customer Success Team is to ensure our largest and most sophisticated customers launch Drift optimally, adopt it into their organization, and achieve the results and value they want. In addition, you will provide strategic mentorship to a portfolio of customers to ensure they are optimizing Drift well beyond their initial implementation. You will be the air traffic controller for clients, closely collaborating with the Account Management and Product teams to ensure customers are successful and growing. All this while building strong relationships with day-to-day and executive contacts within your customer base, positioning yourself and Drift as trusted advisors to the customers conversational marketing strategy.
What youll be doing on the team:
In one month youll...

Attend comprehensive organization training and learn the Drift story, how we work and our goals for the future
Experience an in-depth product training, including learning how to use the product
Have 1:1 meetings with direct manager and other key players
Shadow colleagues in both CS and Sales, learn standard methodologies for what make Drift Customers successful
Deliver customer on-boarding calls and build strategic business plans for customers
Be fully responsible for a book of business and running customer calls independently.

By month 3 youll...

Continue to master your knowledge of Drift product and continue learning about the ever-changing industry
Fully understand our internal ecosystem and be able to collaborate cross-functionally to provide the best in class sales process
Continue to learn and apply the Conversational Marketing and Sales Blueprint with customers
Work with customers daily, delivering value and helping them achieve their goals
Partner with Account Managers to identify growth opportunities for customers
Achieve your Net Retention and Customer Onboarding targets
Deliver detail oriented Monthly Business Reviews on the performance of your customers
Travel onsite to a customer and meet with executives

By month 6 youll...

Have a proactive, independently led routine established for working with customers
Drive customers effectively through onboarding within a fast paced environment
Master conversational sales and marketing practices and consistently hit and exceed retention goals
Work with your manager to identify a plan of continued growth
Bring your thinking, strategy and ideas to the team to advance our creative culture and vision.

About you and what types of skills youll need:
If this excites and describes you, wed love to talk. We are looking for people who can challenge, inspire and empower us to accomplish amazing things with our customers. We have a strong preference for:

4 years of customer facing experience in an implementation or customer success role, preferably in a software or SalesMarketing environment.
Experience in high growth companies
Deep understanding of the needs of growing businesses and a strong eye for business
Familiarity working with Marketing and Sales Leaders to drive adoption
Familiarity with handling Enterprise level customers
Presentation skills required to present in front of tenured executives and relay onboarding successes with Drift
Strong sales fundamentals, business  sales foresight
Ability to work individually and within a team
Tech savvy and eager to learn new technology and practices

Drift is committed to being an equal opportunity employer. 
We know that applying for a new job can be intimidating. But guess what? At Drift, there is no such thing as an ideal candidate. We believe in the power of teamwork -- and in the desire to learn something new every day. We believe in hiring people, not just skills. Take it from our Founder. 
If this sounds like a company you would like to join and a role you would thrive in, please dont hold back from applying! Whatever skills you bring to the table or background youre coming from, we welcome you to start a conversation with us. We need your unique perspective for our continued innovation and success. Were looking forward to learning more about you!
Drift is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at disabilitiesdrift.com. 
For Colorado residents: The base salary range for this roles listed level is currently 80,000 to 100,000 for Colorado residents only. Through a review of equity with other team members, market data, experience, knowledge, skills and the abilities of the applicant, the level and salary ranges may change. Sales roles are also eligible for incentive pay targeted at a percentage of the base salary. Disclosure as required by the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, C.R.S.  8-5-101 et seq.
For California candidates, attached is the link to Drifts Candidate Privacy Notice.