About Drift  
Drift, the Conversation Cloud company, helps businesses connect with people at the right time, in the right place with the right conversation. Using the Drift Conversation Cloud, businesses can personalize experiences that lead to more quality pipeline, revenue and lifelong customers. Drift brings Conversational Marketing, Conversational Sales and Conversational Service into a single platform that integrates chat, email and video and powers personalized experiences with artificial intelligence (AI) at all stages of the customer journey. More than 5,000 customers use Drift to deliver a more enjoyable and more human buying experience that builds trust and accelerates revenue. Representing less than 1 of unicorns led by Latino founders, Drift is building an equitable, enduring company to transform the way businesses buy from businesses.
About the team  
This team is heavily focused on expanding and renewing customers by engaging with customers early-on, before subscription renewals. The health of the existing customer base is crucial when retaining the dollars that have already been closed.  We work alongside the Customer Success Manager and Account Managers to drive adoption and user engagement, which will aid in the efforts for the Renewal team to grow the account. 
About the role

Driving the qualification, quoting, and Salesforce processes to bring renewals to a close.
Identify customer needs and demonstrate account management capabilities to guide renewal closure.
Own and execute winwin negotiation strategies for a variety of renewals that maximize contract value while protecting and enhancing customer trust.
Understand Drifts Licensing Model to provide Customer assistance in licensing discussions.
Maintain and update a rolling forecast of your territory and communicate any renewal risk to internal resources in order to develop resolution strategies.
Leverage customer data and behavior to assess the health of each renewal.
Support customer conversations around renewal readiness, timing, and general customer procurement inquiries.
Collaborate with internal resources such as account executives, customer success, pricing, legal, revenue operations and product management to develop strategies for upcoming renewals.
Maximize account growth by playing a role on the account team and helping to identify incremental opportunities upon contract renewal.
Knowledgeable of Drifts technology and what differentiates our products from our competitors to mitigate churnat-risk renewals.

In one month youll 

Attend comprehensive organization training and learn the Drift story, how we work and our goals for the future
Experience in-depth product training, contract handling, and 
Have 1:1 meetings with your direct manager and meet with other key players 
Shadow colleagues and start working on your own pitch and outreach cadence
Learn to navigate and prioritize accounts
Receive your book of accounts

By month 3 youll 

Master Drift product and have a good understanding of the industry
Fully understand our internal ecosystem, billingfinance and be able to collaborate cross-functionally to provide a best in class sales process
Continue to learn renewal  expansion tactics
Build pipeline through well-crafted customer reviews and account engagement 
Prepare and present renewal presentations, executive summaries and successfully guide customers through the renewal process
Work toward hitting a fully ramped renewal book of business

By month 6 youll 

Build and manage a strong book of customers and provide accurate expansionrenewal forecast through Salesforce
Drive complex upgrades, cross-sells, expansion, and multi-year deals from initial contact through close; within a fast-paced environment
Master conversational sales and marketing practices 
Work with your manager to identify a plan of continued growth
Bring your thinking, strategy, and ideas to the team to advance our unique culture and vision for the future

About you and what type of skills youll need

5 years demonstrated success in a Renewal Management andor Account Management andor SalesCustomer Success -- ideally within SaaS offerings.
Experience managing customer retention and adoption of a SaaS product for complexstrategic accountsterritories.
Participate in AMCSM led business reviews, and lead Renewals Meetings as needed.
Experience building relationships with peers and partners.
Excellent customer management skills; including sales, account management, and customer service.
Good customer management skills including sales, account management, and customer service.
Personal initiative to identify areas of process improvement and efficiency.
Must be a self-starter with the ability to work independently and in a team environment.
Strong level of urgency, organization and prioritization skills.
Strong process management, financial acumen and contractual engineering skills.
Ability to react and adapt to potential rapid shifts in priorities.
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.
Strong work ethic and quota achievement.
SFDC, Dealhub, and Clari experience preferred.

Drift is committed to being an equal opportunity employer.
We know that applying for a new job can be intimidating. But guess what? At Drift, there is no such thing as an ideal candidate. We believe in the power of teamwork -- and in the desire to learn something new every day. We believe in hiring people, not just skills. Take it from our Founder. 
If this sounds like a company you would like to join and a role you would thrive in, please dont hold back from applying! Whatever skills you bring to the table or background youre coming from, we welcome you to start a conversation with us. We need your unique perspective for our continued innovation and success. Were looking forward to learning more about you!
Drift is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at disabilitiesdrift.com. 
For Colorado residents: The base salary range for this roles listed level is currently 70,000 to 81,200 for Colorado residents only. Through a review of equity with other team members, market data, experience, knowledge, skills and the abilities of the applicant, the level and salary ranges may change. Sales roles are also eligible for incentive pay targeted at a percentage of the base salary. Disclosure as required by the Colorado Equal Pay for Equal Work Act, C.R.S.  8-5-101 et seq.
For California candidates, attached is the link to Drifts Candidate Privacy Notice.
