Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
This role reports to a Product Design Manager as a member of the Design team, the instrumental creative partner in most projects at Duolingo—from our mobile apps and website to the brand voice and email newsletters, and even community events. At Duolingo, we take pride in and agonize over crafting a user-friendly (and fun) experience for everyone.
Will you join us on our mission?
You will...

Work on the user experience across Monetization features within the Duolingo language app
Play a leadership role on the Monetization design team
Work collaboratively with designers and artists to build upon and expand the Duolingo design language
Partner with engineers and product managers to define both the long-term strategy and the short-term tactics for our products
Sometimes work on very broadly defined, loose concepts, and sometimes on narrowly defined, tactical features
Work in a highly energetic fashion with the design and product teams
Consider all parts when crafting the experience: from copy to animation to business impact

You have...

An online portfolio with mobile app or web design samples
Design experience in a consumer application, product, or software role
A desire to strive for excellence in your work until all details are attended to
The ability to explain your work, process, and decisions and seek feedback to help you produce your best work

Outstanding candidates will have...

Experience with managing early-career designers and an interest in developing design talent
Have worked at a high-paced tech start-up
Illustration andor animation skill-set
Experience participating in or leading user research sessions

Please include a link to your portfolio showcasing relevant work samples. A portfolio submission is mandatory for consideration of your candidacy.
 

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 174,900 - 335,600. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
 