An online portfolio is required for this position.
Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
What youll do...

Contribute to challenging product design projects with guidance tailored to your personal growth
Learn, understand, and apply Duolingos design language as well as industry standards to concepts, wireframes, and prototypes.
Work closely with other designers to utilize our design system and ensure design consistency across our products
Collaborate with product, engineering, content strategy, and studio partners to explore simple solutions to scoped problems

Past Projects include: 

UIUX updates to reduce Checkpoint drop off
Optimizing design of Challenge Indicators for small screen sizes
UX improvements for Audio Lessons
Designing the Duolingo Efficacy splash page
Designing MVP for displaying estimated DET scores in Duolingo app

What were looking for

Currently pursuing a Bachelors or Masters degree with an expected graduation date of Spring 2025 (or Fall 2024)
An online portfolio with mobile app or web design samples
Talent for designing user-centered products that look great too
A desire to constantly advance your work and attend to all the details
Ability to relocate to and work in Pittsburgh, PA

Why youll love working here

Language learning opportunities
Catered in-house lunches, and breakfast 
Company-wide Hackathon
PTO and company holidays
Frequent company-wide dinners, monthly celebrations, social clubs, and so much more!

Application Deadline is January 12, 2024.
We invest in and support our Duos! The hourly range  for this internship is 44-46. 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
LI-DNI