Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Scale our existing partnership model to EU
Come lead partnerships and business development for Duolingo in Europe!
Partnerships are a growing function at Duolingo, with a New York-based team looking after opportunities globally. As the scope of partnerships and market focus expands, we are seeking an experienced business development leader to help us take a strategic, structured and proactive approach to growing our business in Europe.
You will manage existing partnerships and pipeline, port existing successes to Europe, and source new opportunities. You will develop business cases to build strategic partnerships with companies that can drive brand awareness, monetization and user growth.
As our resident expert on the region, you will demonstrate a deep understanding of the regions market dynamics and business development landscape, and use your skills and network to build value-accretive partnerships to Duolingo and our partners. Reporting to the Global Head of Business Development, you will work closely with product, marketing and engineering teams in the US and around the world.
You Will...

Leverage market insights and understanding of the partnership landscape to develop and communicate an effective strategy for partnerships in Europe (with particular focus on UK, Germany and France)
Lead our existing partnerships and pipeline in Europe across verticals (app stores, telcos, media and entertainment, banks, payment providers, etc.)
Grow our portfolio by sourcing new opportunities with measurable impact to key business metrics in your region
Build compelling and quantifiable business cases for strategic bets to pursue in the region
Negotiate and implement partnerships across monetization, brand and user growth
Work closely with ProductEngineering to influence product integrations vital to get strategic partnerships off the ground
Collaborate with global and local Marketing teams to amplify partnership launches through buzz-worthy activations

You Have...

7 years of business development experience having successfully developed partnerships in the digital space
Relevant work experience in consulting or banking or business development
Experience in conceiving, developing, and implementing partnerships throughout their full cycles, from deal sourcing, to building business cases, negotiating agreements, driving and tracking results
Culturally clued up and immersed in regional players, and able to use your network to launch impactful partnerships
Ambitious spirit with a track record of achieving great results by building long-lasting external relationships, collaborating effectively with multiple internal teams to drive ideas to execution, and taking a test and scale approach
Critical thinking and structured thought process, with skills to build and communicate compelling, data-driven narratives
Ability to travel internationally frequently, specifically to Pittsburgh (HQ) and New York

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

Experience with mobile apps and subscription services
Lived and worked in multiple EU markets
MBA from reputable university
Proficiency in a 3rd language
Excitement for our mission to make high-quality language learning accessible to everyone


We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.