Do you have a love for corporate mascots and a soft spot for dealing with drama? Can you handle the sassy, unhinged, and downright extravagant lifestyle of Duo the Owl? If so, weve got the dream opportunity for you. Duolingo is seeking a fearless and talented Owl Trainer to join our team.
Were on a mission to make education free, fun, and effective for all. Now were looking for a professional Owl Trainer to offer emotional guidance, support, and stability to our mascot Duo. Help us channel Duos bottomless energy into positive experiences for our global community. This is your chance to make the world a better place!
Your Role:
As Duos Owl Trainer, youll work closely with him to:

Manage his daily schedule, including coordinating luxury swimwear fittings, Nobu meals, and transcendental meditation sessions
Act as a liaison between Duo the Owl and staff, resolving creative differences and preventing any toxic team dynamics
Organize and clean Duos executive office, which may entail sanitizing the walls to remove any stains or blemishes
Give Duo a weekly birdbath using individual evian water bottles (330mL)
Ensure all legal matters are handled with utmost discretion and professionalism

You Have:

A willingness to sign a non-disclosure agreement regarding any and all incidents
A degree in avian psychology or in a bird-related field, such as ornithology, bird training, or wildlife rehabilitation
5 years of experience in a similar position
Crisis management expertise with a proven track record of handling situations like wardrobe malfunctions and unsavory allegations
Strong negotiation skills, but not too strong though

Exceptional Candidates Will Have:

A passion for education, Dua Lipa, and the Duolingo mission
A sense of comfort and ease while navigating legal gray areas 
Ability to work under high pressure and extremely unrealistic deadlines
Prior background working with mascots, clowns, influencers turned DJs, influencers turned actors, or other non-traditional clients
30 years of experience in an identical position

If the challenge of training our lovable green owl appeals to you, and youd like to be contacted about other jobs at Duolingo that are actually real, fill out our general interest form below. We need your helpplease help us.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.