Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
As an Engineering Manager, you will lead a team that works on improving the learning experience of our users with new bets, technologies, and features, that fill the learning gaps in our product. Our goal is to make Duolingo the best way to level up your language skills, regardless of your proficiency level.
You will work on developing next-generation education technology that changes how people around the world learn languages. You and your team will improve our current learning features like lessons, personalized practice, Stories, Radio, and build new features to teach language skills such as listening and speaking. Were looking for managers who bring fresh ideas from all areas of computer science, including natural language processing, machine learning, and large-scale system design.
You will...

Define strategies and roadmap for our learning features used across Duolingo language courses
Shape key decisions about architecture and implementation of scalable and high quality engineering solutions
Drive the planning, execution, and success of elegant technical projects
Lead a team of software engineers to deliver new learning features that make a large impact on how well we teach languages

You have...

Experience in developing and leading a software engineering team and setting technical direction
Proven track record as an effective people manager with experience in mentoring and coaching team members
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Exceptional candidates will have...

Extensive experience in fast-growing, consumer-facing, data-driven companies
Experience with natural language processing or machine learning

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 174,900 - 335,600. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.