Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Performance marketing is a growing function here at Duolingo with an increasing focus on global impact. As part of our team, you will focus on paid new user growth. In this role, you will collaborate with our close-knit internal teams and manage our agency partners to scale and define strategies for maximum impact. As part of a small, dynamic team, youll have the opportunity to do cool things and test innovative ideas. We value a growth mindset and offer a lot of independence in shaping your work and projects. Our focus is on developing forward-thinking strategies for the future, always with a startup mindset at heart. Helping drive Duolingos user growth, youll be able to immediately see the impact of your work and advance our mission of making language learning accessible to everyone. If youre ready to roll up your sleeves, experiment, and learn, we would love to hear from you.
You will

Own key performance marketing campaigns.
Explore and prioritize new opportunities and strategies for Duolingo that will assist with scaling our mobile acquisition and growth efforts sustainably
Work with our agencies to execute on key mobile app campaigns
Monitor performance metrics and budget tracking while ensuring findings are shared and coordinated into the teams workflow
Working closely with marketing analytics, you will use historical data, industry benchmarks, and past experience to develop models and provide performance projections to key collaborators
Collaborate cross functionally with Marketing, Product, Finance, Data Science, Creative and Engineering to thoughtfully scale acquisition efforts
Lead day-to-day communication with agencies, third-party vendors and key partners (e.g. resolve issues, document challenges, build roadmaps, facilitate collaborative brainstorming sessions, etc.)

You must have

4 years of B2C mobile app performance marketing experience with a consistent track record driving quality growth
STEM or related degree
Strong understanding of the mobile app ecosystem andor subscription landscape
Experience in running one or more of these channels: Google App Campaigns, Meta, TikTok, and Ad Networks
Data oriented, having a sound understanding of mobile user behavior and its analytics, can supervise and implement campaigns based on performance data
A strong sense for brand and details; a keen eye for creative that gets results
Excellent communication skills
Low ego and ability to work in a team environment

Exceptional candidates will have...

Curiosity about language learning, proficiency in multiple languages, and a passion for EdTech
Experience in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment
Deep understanding of marketing tech, especially mobile attribution partners (Adjust, Kochava, AppsFlyer, Branch)
Proficiency in SQL
High streak on Duolingo! :-)

Why youll love working here

Language learning opportunities
Catered in-house lunches
Company-wide Hackathon
Frequent company-wide dinners, monthly celebrations, social clubs, and so much more!

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 126,200 - 259,900. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
 