Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
As an Android engineer on the China team, you will develop features to contribute to Duolingos user growth and bring the best learning experience to millions of learners in China. We are looking for someone who is not only skilled in mobile development, but also excited to learn about and contribute to the backend. Our ideal candidate will be versatile, display leadership skills and be hardworking to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to innovate. We take pride in offering equal opportunities for all our employees, regardless of their international backgrounds.
You Will...

Collaborate with product managers and designers to drive both user and revenue growth.
Skilled in developing, launching, and maintaining high-quality native Android applications.
Proven track record to effectively manage project priorities, with a focus on delivering exceptional results.

You Have...

Strong proficiencies in mobile Android development.
Organizational skills to design, plan, prioritize, drive, and successfully launch technical projects.
Mentorship skills and a desire to coach other teammates.
Proficiencies in the dynamic Chinese Android ecosystem, with a strong understanding of its unique features and opportunities.

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

B.A.B.S. in Computer Science or a related field.
Programming experience in Kotlin and Java; technical expertise in RxJava.
Strong produce sense and user empathy.
Proficient in both spoken and written English.

 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.