Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Were looking for someone to build Duolingos engine to develop our talent at all levels! This is a great opportunity for someone who knows learning and development and thrives in a fast-growing tech environment where we value our people. You will work closely with our People team; employees, managers, and leaders across the company; and external providers. Are you passionate about helping people find the right culture fit? Do you love building high-performing teams? So do we!
You will...

Scale and run Duolingos performance management and continuous feedback processes
Lead the design, measurement, iteration and deployment of Duolingos core learning and development portfolio, including but not limited to onboarding, leadership development and professional development programs
Partner with People Business Partners, Compensation  Benefits and Talent Acquisition to create an integrated talent management strategy in support of our company strategy and business goals
Partner with the business and People Business Partners to provide expert guidance on function-specific capability building and learning and development needs
Manage Duolingos learning and performance technology systems
Lead a team and grow it over time

You have...

Outstanding ability to craft talent development solutions that are effective, but also pragmatic, consistent with company culture, and scalable
Exceptional ability to lead and execute company-wide people programs independently, both yourself and through delegating
Exceptional project management skills with the ability to handle multiple initiatives simultaneously
Analytical mindset with data driven decision-making capabilities
Proven ability to communicate about talent development in a way that resonates with a diverse set of audiences (non-experts, company-wide and executive-level, globally, etc.) in a variety of settings and channels
Collaboration and resilience to drive iterative, cross-functional change in a high-growth environment
Ability to work full-time from or relocate to Pittsburgh, PA
Bachelors degree or higher and 10 years of relevant professional experience

Exceptional candidates will have...

Experience with the leading talent development approaches and technologies for the tech industry
Experience managing people and leading teams
Passion for language learning or education

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 116,600 - 284,800. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.