Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
As a Strategy, Business Operations,  Corporate Development Director at Duolingo, you will play a key role in shaping Duolingos path towards becoming a 100-year company.
You will...

Facilitate strategy development: Collaborate with cross-functional leaders to combine market understanding, customer insight, and product vision into strategies that drive value for Duolingos mission
Drive opportunity expansion and market analysis: Perform industry research to identify compelling opportunities that support Duolingos strategic priorities, including prioritizing the breadth and depth of market understanding required to make thoughtful decisions
Exercise operational leadership: Take on operational leadership of a projectoutcome, including managing complex cross-functional efforts to deliver a key business outcome

You have 

Experience in a leadership role in a strategy function or in strategy consulting, with 10 years of professional experience
Strong knowledge of the consumer tech industry (education experience also a plus)
Experience leading cross functional teams in a high-growth environment
Strong business judgment: ability to approach complex business problems in a structured way, simplify, and drive rapidly towards insight
Outstanding and proven research and analysis skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong people leadership skills, including ability to collaborate and communicate effectively with a diverse range of internal and external stakeholders
Fast, flexible, and outcomes-focused: able and excited to thrive with rapid cycles of analysis, decision, and action
Bachelors degree (MBA preferred but not required)

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 181,800 - 385,300. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.