Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
We are seeking a creative Social Media Content Manager to create video content for Duolingos social media presence on YouTube Shorts, TikTok, and Instagram Reels. As a core member of our growing marketing team, you are someone who lives on the For You Page and loves creating content that engages, entertains, and inspires.
The ideal candidate is highly creative and self-motivated, has excellent communication skills, and collaborates well with others.
What youll do

Create entertaining, iconic content for Duolingos social media that people want to share
Work on crafting fun, educational content that helps further our mission of developing the best education in the world and making it accessible
Conceptualize, script, produce, and shoot short-form video content for our social channels, primarily TikTok, Instagram Reels, and YouTube
Work on large-scale content campaigns ranging from content with creators, to scripted content with our animated characters
Work cross-functionally to help promote different product features, launches and initiatives like podcasts, course updates, and HR initiatives
Evolve our short-form video strategy with an eye towards quantitative analysis: run lots of content experiments and iterate on the ones that work.

What were looking for

2-3 years social media experience at major brand or organization
Video production experience  youre intimately familiar with in-app creator tools across social platforms and know your way around a video editing software like Adobe Premiere
In-tune with social trends, even before they hit; ability to respond ASAP to trendsmemes to capitalize on those opportunities
Solid interpersonal skills and passion for engaging with our social media communities
Ability to relocate to and work in Pittsburgh, PA

Exceptional Candidates:

Are proficient in multiple languages
Can dance in a mascot suit

Please include a link to your portfolio showcasing relevant work samples. A portfolio submission is mandatory for consideration of your candidacy.
We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 77,400 - 127,700. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
 