Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Make the worlds most popular language-learning app famous in France
We are seeking an experienced, creative marketer to help us build awareness and accelerate our growth across France. As our resident expert on the market, you will use your skills including social media, influencer marketing, PR, and advertising to drive awareness, build a loved brand and bring new users to Duolingo. 
Reporting to the Regional Marketing Director, you will partner closely with Global Marketing and Product teams in Pittsburgh, New York, and Country Marketing Managers around the world to find opportunities and come up with new, creative tactics and campaigns relevant to the French consumer. 
We want a creative leader with deep consumer understanding and proven experience in devising campaigns that drive buzz and earned media with expertise in PR, Social and creative marketing. As a member of a geographically distributed organization, the ideal candidate will not only be an outstanding, self-motivated creative talent, but also a proactive and team-oriented communicator.
You Will...

Leverage market insights to develop a marketing strategy to grow Duolingos awareness and consideration and brand love and expand the number of users in France
Hire and lead agencies or contractors required to deliver the marketing plan
Implement the plan with a focus on social media, partnerships, brand, acquisition campaigns and PR.
Act as a local spokesperson sourcing and managing speaking opportunities in France for yourself and relevant executives
Analyze the results of the local marketing efforts and adjust the plan
Partner with Marketing and Product teams to develop localized product messaging and positioning for feature and product launches

You Have... 

Experience in conceiving, developing, and leading all aspects of Marketing and PR communication ideas throughout their full cycle
Culturally clued up and immersed in trends in particular with Social Media. You understand what French consumers care about now and craft ideas that will capture attention. 
Track record of achieving great results with ideas rather than large budgets
Storyteller, with writing skills and the creativity to build compelling customer-centric narratives

Requirements: 

5 years of consumer marketing experience
Experience working as part of a remote team, building strong HQ relationships and influencing effectively for local market needs
Proficient in French with excellent English speaking and writing skills

Outstanding Candidates Will Have...

Passion for our mission to make high-quality language learning accessible to everyone
Experience with mobile apps and subscription services
Experience successfully scaling international brands in France
Proficient in a 3rd language 

Please note that this is a remote position based in France. If youre passionate about marketing and excited about the opportunity to shape Duolingos growth in France, wed love to hear from you!

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
 