Application Deadline: January 8, 2024
Note: A portfolio is encouraged to apply for this position.
Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
The Duolingo Thrive Program is an immersive 10-week summer training program that provides second-year students from underrepresented communities the opportunity to develop their product design skills and experience what its like to work at Duolingo. 
As part of the Thrive Program, youll spend the summer learning the fundamentals of Product Design at Duolingo. Youll work with our Product Designers and other trainees to complete a project that will sharpen your interface design and problem solving skills while receiving hands-on technical training, mentorship, and professional development. Well provide you with support and guidance to advance your skillset as you make a real impact on one of the Duolingo products. 
More information on our University Programs can be found at university.duolingo.com
What youll do

Work with a small group to complete a challenging, real-world project.
Develop your technical skills through hands-on training, workshops, and guest lectures.
Receive coaching and mentorship from a Duolingo Product Designer.
Build lasting relationships with others who share a passion for making the best education universally available.
Participate in our Company-wide Hackathon.

What were looking for

Second-year undergraduate student currently pursuing a Bachelors degree in Design, Human-Computer Interaction, or a related technical field graduating in May 2026 (or December 2025)
Completion of at least two college-level design courses (please upload your official or unofficial transcript).
Experience in designing screens with one of more the following software: Figma, Adobe XD, Origami, Sketch
Available for a full-time 8-week internship from June to August.

Why youll love working here

Language learning opportunities
Catered in-house lunches and breakfast 
Company-wide Hackathon
PTO and company holidays
Frequent company-wide dinners, monthly celebrations, social clubs, and so much more!

We invest in and support our Duos! The hourly range  for this internship is 40-42.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
 