Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
We are looking for a mixed-method research leader to run the UX Research function — bringing vision, empathy, and product experience to our growing function, to help ensure Duolingo builds thoughtful products that learners around the world need and love.
This role reports to the VP of Design as a member of the Design team, the instrumental creative partner in most projects at Duolingo—from our mobile apps and website to the brand voice and email newsletters, and even community events. At Duolingo, we take pride in and agonize over crafting a user-friendly (and fun) experience for everyone.
You will...

Grow and lead a talented, diverse, inclusive team of UX Researchers and leaders who consistently deliver high-quality products
Mentor and develop the skills, talents, and careers of the UX Researchers and UX Research Managers on your team, coaching them to success and impact
Collaborate closely with leaders in other functions (Product and Engineering) to ensure that product areas are both planning well and hitting their metrics
Set the vision for how UX Research continues to be a trusted and strategic partner for important company, product, and design decisions
Be a tireless advocate for research influence and research priorities
Build a thriving culture where UX Researchers do high-quality work and uphold our outstanding product experience
Design and scale the organization, partnering closely with Leadership and Recruiting on headcount budgeting and forecasting

You have...

5 years of experience as a people manager at a similarly fast paced or later-stage tech company with experience managing managers
Experience sourcing, interviewing, hiring, and onboarding for your team, as well as spotting promising research talent
Consistent track record of effectively managing people, including developing talent on your teams and recruiting a diverse team that reflects our learners
Excellent written and verbal communication skills that lead to effective and concrete output
Experience defining and influencing product strategy
An understanding and appreciation for the accurate application of data and metrics in UX Research
Attention to detail and a focus on excellence

Exceptional candidates will have...

A strong appreciation for and experience working closely with Product Design, Design Operations, and Product Management
Worked at a company with very high design standards
Experience managing both quantitative and qualitative UX Researchers

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 183,600 - open. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.