Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
As Corporate Counsel, MA and Securities you will have primary responsibility for legal oversight of our public company reporting and mergers and acquisitions activities. You will work closely with teams throughout the company, including finance and corporate development, to ensure compliance with securities laws and to support the companys growth through strategic acquisitions and investments. You will also provide support on corporate governance and equity related matters and other areas that might interest you.
You Will...

Working with the finance team, coordinate and handle the companys public reporting obligations, including 10-Ks, 10-Qs, and 8-Ks, ensuring compliance with SEC regulations.
Collaborate with investor relations and external reporting to prepare and review financial disclosures, earnings releases and scripts to ensure accuracy and transparency.
Stay up-to-date with evolving securities laws and regulations and provide guidance to internal partners on compliance and disclosure matters.
Assist in the preparation of the annual proxy statement and in preparing for and conducting annual shareholder meetings.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to complete MA transactions, including due diligence, negotiations, and integration planning.
Draft, review, and negotiate transaction documents, including letters of intent, purchase agreements, and ancillary agreements.
Provide legal support and advice to senior leadership during MA processes.
Provide support as needed on corporate governance, equity compensation plan and corporate subsidiary maintenance matters.

You Have...

5 years of relevant legal experience, with a strong and proven background in public securities reporting, mergers and acquisitions and strategic investments.
Strong negotiation, drafting, and analytical skills.
Strong advocacy and interpersonal skills, both written and verbal. Ability to articulate complicated issues and represent Duolingos interests persuasively to various parties..
Outstanding problem-solving skills, good judgment, and the ability to make well-informed decisions in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.

Requirements: 

Juris Doctor (JD) degree from an accredited law school and active membership in a state bar association.

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

Experience in-house.
Experience with consumer facing technology companies, particularly those with a freemium or subscription model.
Experience in both domestic and international transactions.

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 134,900 - 276,900. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.
 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.