Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Have you led operations for truly outstanding office environments that deliver unique experiences and reflect values? Do you love to bring people together to achieve great things? Are you excited by ideas about how to innovate workplaces for the future? Were looking for a Senior Manager of Workplace, who will lead the strategic and tactical operations of our office environments at Headquarters.
You Will...

Lead all aspects of office operations - For our growing Pittsburgh headquarters which is spread across two buildings. You will be responsible for the day-to-day physical operations of these spaces, delivering high quality workplace experiences for employees and visitors that reflects Duolingos values. You will manage local vendor teams while collaborating cross-functionally with Duos to ensure exceptional service and hospitality that exceed expectations for a collaborative, fast-growing tech company. You will support company initiatives, including employee events, customer events, and new hire onboarding.
Lead office initiatives and projects - You will support tenant improvement projects with outside parties. You will collaborate with workplace peers, Site Leads, and Design Studio teams while leading office moves and local space strategy.
Manage others - You will directly lead a diverse mix of local third party providers such as food services, security and facilities. You will establish and maintain positive relationships with these providers to ensure their productivity and engagement for Duolingo. You will identify staffing gaps or opportunities needed to meet future workplace goals.
Own workplace experience strategy - You will be a champion of the companys employee workplace experience, bringing thought leadership to the challenges we face and innovative solutions that fit with company culture. You will help craft Duolingos roadmap for global workplace experience.

You Have...

7 years of dynamic experience leading outstanding, modern office environments with demonstrated success on employee experience
Strength in leading teams - you extract great outcomes from people who like to work with you.
Demonstrated experience identifying, partnering with, and leading a variety of outsourced providers.
Ability to scope and complete projects and uplift processes, including those that are new, nebulous, and constantly iterating.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills to interact with diverse audiences, from external providers to global employees, from senior leaders to day porter staff.
Collaboration and resilience to drive iterative, cross-functional change in a high-growth environment.
Foresight to strategize the future of our workplace footprint with design solutions to scale.
Bachelors degree in business, architecture, engineering, or a related field.
Ability to work full-time from or relocate to Pittsburgh, PA, and work in our office HQ five days per week.
Ability to travel up to 15 of the time to office locations globally

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

Experience at a collaborative, growing tech company
Workplace operational experience
An eye for interior office design and tenant improvements
Passion for language learning or education

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 80,900 - 175,200. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.