Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
As an Engineering Manager, you will lead a team that works on making social features for the Duolingo app and growing their adoption. You will own key features like avatars, user profiles, and the friend network, and you will own broadening the usage of social features to our 72M monthly active users. Staying motivated is key to learning -- your team will tackle this via fun and engaging features where learners interact with their friends. This work is highly visible to our learners, involves making fun and beloved features, and has direct impact on the top-line Daily Active Users metric.
 
You Will...

Define strategies and roadmap for social features used across Duolingo learning apps
Shape key decisions about architecture and implementation of scalable and high quality engineering solutions
Drive the planning, execution and success of elegant technical projects
Lead a team of software engineers to deliver new social features that make a large impact on the growth of Duolingo user base

You Have...

Experience in developing and leading a software engineering team and setting technical direction
Proven track record as an effective people manager with experience in mentoring and coaching team members
Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

Extensive experience in fast-growing, consumer-facing, data-driven companies, ideally in the domain of social network technology

 
We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 174,900 - 335,600. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process
 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.