Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
The Duolingo English Test is a high-stakes test — Duolingo style: convenient, fast, and affordable and trusted by top institutions around the world. Students interested in studying abroad can certify their English with the Duolingo English Test in place of other standardized tests like the TOEFL and IELTS. Using AI and remote proctoring, students can take the test online, on demand, anywhere in the world. If you love making a difference in education through technology, this is the place for you.
We are looking for an operationally-minded and resourceful marketing professional to scale our brand and communications in order to grow the acceptance of the Duolingo English Test around the world. Youll help shape marketing strategy and build processes that help our messaging reach more audiences. As a core member of our global organization, the ideal candidate will not only be an outstanding, self-motivated leader, but also a proactive and effective communicator.
You will

Lead the Duolingo English Test marketing and communication strategy for higher education, governments, and related stakeholders
Manage other marketing professionals in order to achieve our business goals with our different audiences
Collaborate effectively across teams and areas to bring cohesive communication to target audiences across all touchpoints with consistency and craft.
Help define success metrics for campaigns and projects, evaluate their effectiveness, and prioritize future work and tactics
Create systems and processes in order to efficiently scale our marketing to effectively reach more of our target audiences
Manage agencies and contractors in order to increase our teams capabilities and productivity.

You have

7 years managing B2B marketing or related experience in complex markets
Experience leading other high-potential marketers of different functions including agencies and contractors
A successful track record of leading digital and multi-medium marketing and communications
Excellent verbal and written communication skills for both internal and external audiences
Systems thinking and resourcefulness to drive growth limited resources
Resilience and adaptability in the face of obstacles or changing market conditions
An acute self-awareness and empathy for our team members and end-users
A passion for education, culture, and language

Exceptional candidates have

Experience with marketing automation for lead generation
Experience working with international organizations—especially with presence in Asia
Experience leading marketing in two-sided markets
Working proficiency in more than one language

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 114,800 - 248,600. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.