Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Deliver mission-critical technical projects that provide free learning experiences to millions around the globe
Duolingo is the most popular language learning application in the world, with over 500 million users. Youll join Duolingos growing engineering organization to build and maintain Duolingo products and lead technical initiatives for the company overall.
You Will... 

Help to create processes that enable the delivery of strategic, high-impact cross-functional initiatives
Partner with functions across the company--such as design, engineering, QA, product management, and executive leadership--to ensure communication and alignment across teams and to foster collaboration across stakeholders
Learn best practices for developing detailed plans with key milestones and goals, identifying and mitigating risks, solving for dependencies, removing impediments, and ensuring timely and smooth project launches
Learn how to identify issues impacting delivery efficiency and quickly take action to resolve them, working collaboratively with leadership and other relevant stakeholders
Help to decide when difficult tradeoffs must be made; serve as role model for navigating problems with an analytical approach and calming demeanor

You Have... 

Experience working on software projects with an understanding of client-service architecture
The ability to communicate technical issues effectively to technical and non-technical stakeholders
The ability to create and execute detailed plans accounting for ambiguity, dependencies, and technical complexity
Flexibility to adjust plans based on new information without losing a beat and while keeping morale high
Outstanding leadership and negotiation skills 
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, start-up environment
Demonstrated self-direction, with a desire both to learn new techniques and teach others

Requirements 

Graduating in Spring 2025, or sooner
Pursuing a B.S. or M.S. degree in Computer Science or related technical field (i.e. math, physics or data science)
Dedication to our mission of universally available education
12 weeks of consecutive availability
Ability to relocate to Pittsburgh, PA

Exceptional Candidates Will Have... 

0-1 years of software engineering, systems engineering or similar experience, in addition to projectprogram management experience outside of a classroom setting
Experience with Amazon Web Services (or similar cloud based web service providers)
Experience working with teams and technical projects
Experience articulating business questions, and using available data to find answers that translate into business recommendations

Why youll love working here

Language learning opportunities
Catered in-house lunches and breakfast 
Company-wide Hackathon
PTO and company holidays
Frequent company-wide dinners, monthly celebrations, social clubs, and so much more!

We invest in and support our Duos! The hourly range for this internship is 44-46. 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.