Application Deadline - January 8, 2024
Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
As a Creative Producer Intern you will work alongside artists, designers and Producers on an array of creative assignments. The work that you facilitate will help make Duolingos products beautiful and impactful in a way that always puts our learners first.
What youll do...

Partner Design Studio Producers, artists and designers track and deliver projects
Have the opportunity to own and run select work streams for Duolingos Design Studio
Coordinate team comms; taking meeting notes and following up on key action items
Facilitate hand off of project results
Field incoming project requests and help develop briefs, plans, and schedules

What were looking for

Currently pursuing a Bachelors degree in a related field with an expected graduation date of Spring 2025 (or December 2024)
A desire to work in a creative environment with artists and designers
A meticulous sense of organization, with a passion for operational excellence
A high degree of emotional intelligence with a diplomatic approach to problem solving.
Effective and efficient written and spoken communication
Ability to relocate to and work in Pittsburgh, PA

Exceptional Candidates have:

Experience managing multidisciplinary creative projects
Student leadership experience
An interest in design and creative technologies
Experience with Google Sheets, Excel, or similar software

Why youll love working here

Language learning opportunities
Catered in-house lunches, and breakfast 
Company-wide Hackathon
PTO and company holidays
Frequent company-wide dinners, monthly celebrations, social clubs, and so much more!


We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.