Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Make the worlds most popular language-learning app famous in Japan!
We are seeking a Social Media Manager to lead our social media efforts in our Japan market. Youll own our social outcomes in Japan and collaborate with our global social media manager on our global channels. As a core member of our growing marketing team, you are someone who has a deep understanding of social media, is comfortable with video production  editing, and spends a lot of time on your social platform.
Reporting to the Director of Country Marketing for Japan, you will partner closely with Global Marketing in Pittsburgh, New York, and Country Marketing Managers around the world to find opportunities and come up with new, creative tactics and campaigns relevant to the Japanese consumer.
The ideal candidate is highly creative and self-motivated, has excellent communication skills, and collaborates well with others.
You Will...

Work closely with our Director of Country Marketing to define success on social on Japan market, making sure we have the right resource set up and the most impactful channels
Lead our social agency relationships in Japan, helping to up-level our social strategy and making sure were creating impactful content that people want to share
Develop social-first campaigns in Japan that further our iconic brand and grow social reach in collaboration with Director of Country Marketing and our agency partners
Collaborate and educate our agencies on social standard process, further developing existing platforms like Twitter and TikTok
Evolve our social strategy in Japan with an eye towards quantitative analysis: run lots of content experiments and iterate on the ones that work.
Work on large-scale global content campaigns ranging from individual creator collaborations, to multi-channel campaigns
Build and maintain relationships with top performing social influencers across different industries including education, travel, lifestyle, fashion and sports

You Have...

Culturally clued up and immersed in trends in particular with Social Media. You understand what Japanese consumers care about and craft ideas that collect attention.
Track record of achieving phenomenal results with ideas rather than large budgets
Storyteller, with writing skills and the creativity to build compelling customer-centric narratives

Requirements:

3-5 years social experience, ideally working with big brands
Deep knowledge of TikTok, Twitter, Instagram, Facebook
Experience in content creation, especially with native social tools
Proficient in Japanese with excellent English speaking and writing skills

Outstanding Candidates Will Have...

Passion for our mission to make high-quality language learning accessible to everyone
Experience with mobile apps and subscription services
Have experience in crisis management

Please include a link to your portfolio showcasing relevant work samples. A portfolio submission is mandatory for consideration of your candidacy.
 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.