Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Are you a curious art director who has passion for developing well crafted content and global ideas that are part of culture? With your conceptual ideas and scalable craft mastery, you will help ensure we deliver world-class creative work, and help keep Duolingo top of mind. This role will work closely with our global marketing team; social content team; and external creative partners.
You Will...

Partner with creative, social, design and marketing teams to concept strategic buzzworthy earned media ideas at an industry winning level.
Generate ideas from a single social media post to implementing a local or global marketing campaign across multiple touchpoints and languages.
Collaborate with illustrators, designers and animators to bring a cohesive brand experience to the world across all marketing touchpoints.
Develop  experiment creative content across social media, campaigns, partnership collateral and new things we havent developed yet.
Partner with other teams to scale brand moments and constantly strive for excellence.
Provide creative direction to teams, country managers, partner vendors, and agencies on local and global initiatives.

You Have...

Proven ability as an awarded creative with experience in either agency, brand or ideally both.
Portfolio that includes digital, real-time  multi-medium campaigns.
Proven ability to take a trending moment in culture and turn it into a moment of attention for a brand.
Ability to work in high-level content strategy and hands-on design tasks with extreme attention to detail.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, forward-thinking creative, proactivity and critical thinking skills.
Proficiency in the Adobe Suite, Figma and knowledge in motion  video editing is a requirement.
Ability to lead your own projects with autonomy.

Outstanding Candidates Will Have...

Produced Industry award winning brand creative work.
Working proficiency in more than one language.
A passion for education, memes, culture, and language.

Please include a link to your portfolio showcasing relevant work samples. A portfolio submission is mandatory for consideration of your candidacy.
We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 101,800 - 207,900. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
 