Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Join us as a Product Designer in our extraordinary Growth Area, which focuses on expanding the amount of learners worldwide that use Duolingo every day. This role reports to Design Manager, Growth.
We take pride in and agonize over crafting a user-friendly (and fun) experience for everyone.
Will you join us on our mission?
You will...

Craft a fun and delightful user experience across the Duolingo app on mobile and web, via features like the streak, leaderboard, achievements, and new ones youll invent.
Help engineers and product managers define both the long-term strategy and the short-term tactics for our products.
Work collaboratively with other designers to develop and expand product design patterns
Sometimes work on very broadly defined, loose concepts, and sometimes on narrowly defined, tactical features
Work in a highly energetic fashion with the design and product teams
Consider all parts when crafting the experience—from copy to interaction design to visual design

You have...

An online portfolio with mobile app or web design samples
Design experience in a consumer application, product, or software role
A desire to strive for excellence in your work until all details are attended to
The ability to explain your work, process, and decisions and seek feedback to help you produce your best work
Ability to work from or relocate to Beijing

Outstanding candidates will have...

Proven experience working at a high-paced tech start-up
Experience with illustration or animation (or both)
Experience participating in or leading user research sessions

 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
 