Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
This role reports to the Creative Director of Brand  Marketing as a member of the Global Brand Creative Marketing team, the instrumental partner in all marketing projects at Duolingo. As we scale marketing design  creative teams, projects and campaigns- theres a need to develop content that allows us to reach more learners through well-crafted A iconic-brand work. —At Duolingo, we take pride in and agonize over design and craft to deliver a friendly (and fun) experience for everyone at every touchpoint.
You Will...

Implement design and content needs for a variety of branded marketing content including seasonal social-first campaigns, performance marketing, newsletters, social reactive content, and partnerships collateral.
Design, experiment and test creative content across performance marketing including App store optimization and systems.
Closely collaborate with our Design Studio of illustrators, designers and animators to bring a cohesive brand to the world across all marketing touchpoints with the utmost attention to craft and detail. This includes illustrative, typographic and design compositional craft, and motion graphics.
Scale the brands guidelines and content clearly, concisely, and fearlessly through existing content and pushing the barriers of where we will be next.
Provide design feedback and guidance to illustrators, internal teams as well as partner vendors, agencies on local and global marketing initiatives when needed.
Partner with other cross functional teams such as PR, original content, Product, and community teams to creatively scale out brand moments through content.
Actively seek and openly receive feedback for your work; Give and solicit feedback and constantly strive for excellence.

You Have...

Proven ability as a brand designer with several years experience either agency, brand or both.
Experience in creating content that can span from a social post to an integrated campaign with multiple touchpoints.
Out of this world attention to detail and design craft.
Experience in internalizing brand guidelines, and strategically adapting it to endless touchpoints and content. Ability to collaborate with various creative types and minds.
Experience in working with illustrative and animated content and how best to adapt creative to integrated marketing collateral.
Opportunity oriented, self-motivated, proactive and doesnt wait to be told what to do.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills as well as forward-thinking creative and critical thinking skills, all with a good sense of humor
An acute self-awareness and deep empathy for both potential learners and the teams goals
Experience in adapting creative concepts to other languages and markets.
Bachelors degree in Graphic Design, Interaction Design, UXUI, HCI, or a related field.
3 years of experience as a Designer. 
Proficient experience designing and crafting with a range of programs including the Adobe Design Suite, Figma, as well as After Effects is a requirement.
A portfolio site with samples of work along with descriptions of what you contributed to the project.

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

Created and implemented award winning brand or marketing design work which has been recognized by industry leaders.
Had previously published and or featured work either in esteemed publications or received press for personal projects.
Ability to work with generative AI tools for concepts and execution.
Working proficiency in more than one language, ideally Spanish, Mandarin Chinese, Japanese, or Portuguese.
A passion for education, culture, humor and language.

Please include a link to your portfolio showcasing relevant work samples. A portfolio submission is mandatory for consideration of your candidacy.
 

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 79,200 - 169,500. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
 