Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
What youll do...

Build systems to optimize our infrastructure use, and simplify the life of other Duolingo engineers
Automate the deployment and management of Duolingo software services
Monitor our infrastructure for performance anomalies
Participate in weekly on-call rotations
Streamline operational and development practices
Analyze infrastructure costs and plan for future growth

What were looking for

A Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or related technical field by Spring 2024
Dedication to our mission of accessible education

Requirements:

Experience with public cloud infrastructure (AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud)
Some familiarity with containerization runtimes (Docker, rkt)
Scripting experience with Python or Bash

Exceptional Candidates:

Experience with SQL or no-SQL databases

Why youll love working here

Language learning opportunities
Catered in-house lunches and breakfast
Company-wide Hackathon
PTO and company holidays
Frequent company-wide dinners, monthly celebrations, social clubs, and so much more!

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 120,000 - 130,000. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.