Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Lead our engagement with key government partners around the world to help enable our mission to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available.
As head of government affairs you will drive our efforts to engage with governments to create a regulatory environment where we can accomplish our goals. You will help us build relationships with key decision makers, monitor regulatory developments, help us decide what are the best and most appropriate actions to take to help influence legislation that affects us and also provide us valuable input on what governmental and regulatory considerations we should take into account when making decisions about our products and services.
You Will...

Develop and implement a comprehensive government affairs strategy for our key jurisdictions (UK, AU, CA, US and China) with a particular focus on immigration, education, and AI.
Identify opportunities and challenges that may impact Duolingos operations and sales channels, and collaborate with internal teams to influence public policies and participate in relevant government processes.
Build and maintain positive relationships with key partners, including government agencies, industry associations, NGOs, and other relevant bodies.
Be prepared to handle any government-related crisis situations that may arise. Develop contingency plans and communicate with internal and external partners during critical situations.

You Have...

Demonstrated executive level experience (dealing directly with C-level stakeholders) in government affairs, public policy, or government relations in our key jurisdictions.
Proven understanding of the administrative state and how to impact it through political and policymaking processes. Shown ability to navigate sophisticated government structures and build effective relationships with key decision-makers.
Strong advocacy and interpersonal skills, both written and verbal. Ability to articulate complicated issues and represent Duolingos interests persuasively to various parties.
Consistent record of developing and driving successful government affairs strategies that align with our objectives.
Outstanding problem-solving skills, good judgment, and the ability to make well-informed decisions in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.

Outstanding Candidates Will Have...

Past experience in government procurement for new and innovative products, particularly in the United Kingdom, Australia andor Canada.
Past experience in immigration
Experience advising senior technology executives on engaging with the Chinese government

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 170,500 - 359,300. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.
 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.