Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
We are looking for a Compensation Analyst who LOVES to nerd out on designing innovative compensation structures and programs, creating insights and driving decisions with data, optimizing processes and programs, building engineering-worthy formulas in spreadsheets, and also translating all of your work into compelling content for a variety of audiences.
You Will...
Do all the exciting (and sometimes maybe not so exciting) things youd expect, such as:

Absorb ownership of the day-to-day administration of Duolingos compensation processes and programs (including researching market trends, pulling market data, updating our ranges and job structure, reviewing offers, etc.)
Execute annual and bi-annual compensation planning cycles in compensation planning tools
Evaluate our processes, tools, reports, metrics, data, etc. to identify opportunities for scaling, automation, and optimization
Conduct sophisticated analyses with large sets of data and roll them into insights that can influence leaders, and therefore our programs
Help build and administer Duolingos model (and foundational elements) for compensation data and metrics excellence
Collaborate with our team and partners to design industry-leading compensation processes and programs
Develop simple, compelling, and engaging content to explain our compensation programs to diverse audiences

You Have...

The skill to craft proposals that are steeped in logic based on the analytical insights that you derive from data
Advanced data analytics skills and the utmost regard for data integrity and accuracy
Exceptional project management skills with the ability to handle multiple initiatives simultaneously
Outstanding communication skills that allow you to communicate effectively across different groups to reach our goals
Self-awareness and integrity in that you demonstrate understanding of the confidentiality and integrity that comes with owning compensation and other employee demographic data

Requirements:

Bachelors degree or higher and 3-5 years of experience in compensation or a related field supporting a People organization
Experience administering compensation programs and building compensation structures for tech companies
Experience with Workday, Workday Advanced Compensation, knowledge of emerging compensation tools such as Pave, Compa, etc., and other BI tools
Advanced spreadsheet (Google Sheets  Excel) and data modeling skills
Experience with compensation at emerging, high-growth tech companies
Ability to work full-time from or relocate to Pittsburgh, PA

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

Certified Compensation Professional (CCP) certification
Coding experience
Experience implementing relevant systems and processes to serve a high-growth company environment
Passion for language learning or education!

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 87,900 - 187,600. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.