Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Growth Area:

You will work on gamification and habit building features like streaks, achievements, long and short term goals, as well as collaboration and competition with other learners. Your contributions will touch game mechanics like the streak, in-app rewards, and messaging outside the app, like notifications, emails, and widgets. Were looking for engineers who are passionate about crafting delightful experiences in close collaboration with our world-class design and animation teams.
The Growth Area focuses on attracting new users, retaining current users, and bringing users back to Duolingo. More users  more data (so we can teach better) and more paid subscribers (so we can invest in making the app even better, and keep the lights on!). Our areas goal is to make Duolingo so fun and delightful that our learners stick around to make real progress and tell their friends all about it!

You will...

Collaborate on software projects with product design and backend aspects
Develop, release, and maintain native iOS applications, primarily in Swift
Mentor and set technical direction for junior engineers across the company

You have...

A Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related technical field
A solid foundation in computer science with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design
Programming experience in Swift

Exceptional candidates will have...

5 years of programming experience in Swift
Strong technical knowledge of iOS mobile application development for iPhoneiPad using Swift with Cocoa Touch and related frameworks
Experience designing clean and maintainable APIs
Experience with multithreaded programming
Experience writing unit tests and testable code
Knowledge of iOS SDK performance tools and optimization techniques

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 148,800 - 274,600. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.