Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
As an Android engineer on the Personalized Sessions team, you will work on next-generation education technology that changes how people around the world learn on their mobile devices. The features you ship will personalize the lessons on the Duolingo app to improve the learner experience and our teaching efficacy.
Were looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas of computer science, including natural language processing, machine learning, large-scale system design, and Android mobile app development.
You Will...

Collaborate on software projects with product design and backend aspects
Develop, release, and maintain native Android application features in Kotlin
Mentor and set technical direction for junior engineers on the team

You Have...

A Bachelors degree in Computer Science or a related technical field
Programming experience in Kotlin on Android
The ability to communicate technical issues effectively to technical and non-technical stakeholders
Ability to relocate to New York, NY or Pittsburgh, PA

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

5 years of programming experience building reactive Android apps
Demonstrated self-direction, with a desire both to learn new techniques and mentor others
Outstanding leadership and negotiation skills
Experience designing clean and maintainable APIs
Experience writing unit tests and testable code

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 148,800 - 274,600. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.