Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
We are seeking a highly motivated and expert Product Marketing Director to join our global Marketing team.
As our first Product Marketing hire, you will have the exciting opportunity to build the Product Marketing function at Duolingo working cross-functionally with Product, Design, and Marketing. You will play a critical role in driving the success of our learning products by developing compelling product narratives both in and out of the app.
You Will...

Develop and implement comprehensive product marketing strategies to drive user acquisition, engagement, and retention for Duolingos learning products.
Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including product management, design, engineering, and marketing, to ensure successful product launches with a clear and cohesive marketing plan.
Conduct consumer research and competitive analysis to inform the value proposition development of new products and features.
Develop and execute go-to-market plans for new product launches, including positioning, messaging, and promotional strategies.
Collaborate with the marketing and design team to develop high-impact marketing campaigns, including in-app communication, ASO, social media, email marketing, and content marketing.
Track and analyze campaign performance, providing actionable insights and recommendations for optimization.

You Have...

Bachelors degree in marketing, business, or a related field (Masters degree preferred).
Proven experience in product marketing, preferably in consumer technology with a consistent record of developing and implementing successful product marketing programs.
Strong understanding of the mobile app market and experience marketing consumer-facing digital products.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to create compelling narratives and effectively present ideas.
Ability to use insights, data, and statistical analyses to drive marketing decisions and optimize campaigns.
Experience working in cross-functional teams and leading multiple projects simultaneously.
Strong leadership skills with the ability to influence and collaborate optimally at all levels of the organization.
Passion for education, language learning, and Duolingos mission.

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 130,500 - 264,400. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
 