Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Responsibilities:

Work with executive leadership to drive product strategy for a key team in the Growth Area
Drive product features through their entire creative cycle: ideation, specification, development, release, analysis, and iteration
Perform qualitative and quantitative research to explore and validate feature ideas
Partner with product designers to ensure a fun and delightful user experience in our product
Work with engineers to help guide feature development
Perform experiment analysis on features and find opportunities for optimization
Define your key performance indicator(s) which drive user growth, and achieve them!

Requirements:

Experience generating outstanding results as a Product Manager at a software company
A desire to make the world a better place through technology and education
Ability to apply user insights, data, and statistical analyses to inform decisions
An instinct for creating simple and intuitive user experiences
Demonstrated ability to be resourceful, curious, and innovative
Experience leading projects and teams
Bachelors Degree in Engineering, Business, Design, Psychology, or equivalent

Exceptional candidates will have:

Advanced degree in Business, Computer Science, Design, Psychology, or equivalent
Extensive experience in fast-growing, consumer-facing, data-driven startups, ideally mobile app based.


We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.