Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
You will:

Coordinate end-to-end localizationtranscreation project(s), ensuring smooth and scalable work with a team of contractors and vendors.
Develop thorough project plans and facilitate timelines: identify risks, address dependencies, mitigate roadblocks, and ensure timely and smooth project launches
Collaborate across internal teams (marketing, product, design, engineering) and external partners (agencies, freelancers) to ensure localizationtranscreation standards are upheld to minimize downstream issues.
Improve and optimize existing processes, tools, and workflows to help scale localization
Triage, vet, and route internationalization bugs: extrapolate insights from issues, diagnosing root causes that affect international content relevancy, quality, and functionality.

You have:

2-4 years work experience as a localization project or program manager, with background in cross-functional project management environments
A strong understanding of translation standards and methodologies
Excellent interpersonal communication and organization skills
Experience creating and maintaining project plans and timelines
Ability to relocate to or work in our Pittsburgh or New York office

Requirements:

Bachelors degree.
Outstanding communication skills, both written and verbal; ability to build strong relationships across cultural and geographic lines.
Record of leading project management efforts for customer-facing content for websites, web apps, mobile apps, marketing andor multimedia.
Proficiency in Google docs, sheets, and CATTMS tools; proven ability to learn a sophisticated system of other tools.
Strong interest in Duolingo and its mission.
Ability to work full time from our office in Pittsburgh, PA or New York, NY.

Exceptional candidates will have:

3-5 years of project management experience in localization and translation strategy in a digital content environment.
Experience building, automating, and scaling processes.
Background in editorial localization, digital marketing localization, or localizing new products.
Solid understanding in one or more of Spanish, French, Portuguese, Japanese, Chinese, or German.

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 80,900 - 155,900. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.
 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.