Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
We are looking for a math enthusiast who is a world-class educator and an expert in building math courses for different levels and a variety of audiences. Our ideal candidate is creative and able to apply their expertise to new problems, such as designing engaging and imaginative lessons on financial literacy or real-world statistics. You will join our Math team to help us deliver the best education in the world through evidence-based practices. Join Duolingo to feel empowered as an educator, impacting millions of learners.
You Will...

Design innovative curricula and content for Duolingo courses teaching math-related topics to learners of all ages
Collaborate with team members across different roles to improve the Duolingo math in-app learning experience
Help interpret qualitative and qualitative data on how learners interact with the course, and leverage data insights for course improvements
Help develop and implement efficient processes for scaling the creation of app-based math educational content
If needed, help recruit, train, and supervise freelance course content creators

You Have...

Math education expertise. You have deep pedagogical content knowledge in math and can design course curricula that effectively scaffold the learning experience for learners at varying levels of math competence.
Creativity. You think outside the box and have excellent intuitions about how to build content that learners across different age groups will find engaging and motivating.
Analytical thinking. You can think about math in an analytical way. For example, you excel at breaking down mathematical concepts into smaller parts for the purposes of teaching and assessing knowledge.
Curriculum design and teaching experience. You have at least 5 years of experience teaching and designing math-related content and curricula for different audiences.
Strong communication. You have excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Operational focus. You are organized and efficient, and strive to continuously improve your workflow and processes.

Requirements:

MA (or equivalent) in Math, Math Education, or a related field
Ability to work full-time from or relocate to New York City, NY

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

Experience building courses that target real-world math skills, such as financial literacy
Experience designing app-based content and curricula
Experience managing people and projects

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 99,200 - 205,700. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.