Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
We are looking for a Talent Development Program Manager who is passionate about designing, implementing and delivering programs that engage and develop our talent. This is a great opportunity for someone who knows learning and development, has run company-wide performance management programs and thrives in a fast-growing tech environment where we value our people.
You Will...

Lead the execution of our bi-annual performance management program globally, including the scoping, design, implementation and enablement of performance reviews and peer feedback, performance calibration, and development and career conversations.
Continuously enhance our performance management practices in response to changing business needs as well as external benchmarking of new industry standards.
Continuously enhance existing talent development programs.

You Have...

Exceptional project management with the ability to handle multiple initiatives simultaneously
Analytical mindset with the ability to use data to drive decision making and measure program effectiveness
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent collaboration skills with demonstrated ability to successfully navigate cross-functional partnerships.
Ability to work full-time from or relocate to Pittsburgh, PA
Bachelors degree and 5 years of relevant work experience delivering talent programs at a fast-paced, engineering focused, technology organization

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

Experience with the leading talent development approaches and technologies for the tech industry
Passion for language learning or education

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 90,500 - 202,300. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.