Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
You Will...

Own the delivery of strategic, high-impact cross-functional initiatives from conceptualization to launch
Partner with functions across the company—such as engineering, QA, product management, and executive leadership—to ensure communication and alignment across teams and to further collaboration across functions
Leverage deep technical expertise to develop detailed plans with key milestones and goals, identify and mitigate risks, solve for dependencies, remove impediments, and ensure timely and smooth project launches
Identify issues impacting delivery efficiency company wide and quickly take action to resolve them, working collaboratively with leadership and other relevant partners
Drive decisions when difficult tradeoffs must be made; serve as role model for navigating problems with analytical approach and calming demeanor
Guide and train others on standard processes so that all product and engineering teams run more smoothly thanks to you, even when you are not involved day to day.

You Have...

Experience working on commercial software products with an understanding of client-service architecture
Proven track record to communicate technical issues effectively to technical and non-technical partners at different levels of the organization
Proven ability to build and implement detailed plans accounting for ambiguity, dependencies, and technical complexity in an agile environment
Flexibility to adjust plans based on new information without losing a beat and while keeping morale high
Outstanding leadership and influence in a matrix environment
Ability to operate effectively even with only high-level direction
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, start-up environment
Demonstrated self-direction, with a desire both to learn new techniques and guide others

Requirements

5 years of experience as TPM, Engineering Lead, or Manager
B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science or equivalent degree or experience
Ability to relocate to New York, NY

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

10 years of software engineering, systems engineering or similar experience, in addition to projectprogram management experience
Deep experience with AWS
Experience working with teams and technical projects distributed across the globe, including China
Experience running projects that include machine learning and large datasets
Experience articulating business questions, and using available data to find answers that translate into business recommendations

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 134,000 - 247,500. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.
 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.