Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
The Duolingo English Test is an alternative to traditional high-stake testing — through a Duolingo-style experience: convenient, fast, and affordable. Students interested in studying abroad can certify their English with the Duolingo English Test in place of other standardized tests. We are now accepted by 4,500 higher education institutions worldwide. Using AI and remote proctoring, we enable students to take the test online, on-demand, anywhere in the world. If you love making a difference in education through technology, this is the place for you.
We are looking for a strategic, resourceful, and analytical leader to drive our local acceptance efforts with key stakeholders in the international education ecosystem and own strategic projects that will grow Duolingo English Tests business globally.
You will help define Duolingo English Tests growth strategy and take a structured and proactive approach to implementation. You will play an integral role in growing our recognition by governments and institutions. The ideal candidate fluidly toggles between strategy and execution and thrives in a fast feedback-loop environment.
The position will report to the Senior Director of Strategic Engagement and is a remote-friendly position based in Canada. You will lead the team members in the country, with encouraged regular business travel.
You will

Grow DET acceptance in higher ed and immigration in Canada, including working with our Growth Area Lead on developing and implementing an overall strategy
Lead government engagement, and support university engagement for acceptance of the Duolingo English Test, owning key relevant metrics
Help build and lead a local team in Canada, including consultants and agencies, while upholding Duolingos operating principles as part of a remote team
Be the face of the Duolingo English Test in Canada, including with universities, governments, and the press, as well as internally within Duolingo
In collaboration with the Institutional Growth Area Lead and DET General Manager, serve as the source of truth for all strategic decisions involving Canada

You have

A conviction for the Duolingo English Test and its mission - non-negotiable
15 years of meaningful professional experience, for example, in international education or government; bonus points for experience in assessment products, EdTech, marketing, or immigration
Experience managing budgets
Experience building and leading multifunction matrixed teams
Experience maintaining relationships and influencing decisions with top external stakeholders
Flexibility to engage with colleagues in time zones around the globe
Ability to travel domestically, as well as to visit Pittsburgh quarterly

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
 