Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the
Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
We are looking for an M.A. candidate specializing in teaching Japanese. Our ideal candidate has a passion for developing course content and curricula, and a combination of analytical and creative skills. At Duolingo, you will have an opportunity to apply your skills and knowledge in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, where you see the immediate impact of your work on millions of learners worldwide. This is a 12-week internship for summer 2024 (exact dates flexible).
More information on our University Programs can be found at university.duolingo.com
You Will...

Work side by side with learning designers, project managers, and engineers to deliver high-quality course curricula and content for teaching Japanese
Leverage generative AI for creating content that is fun, accessible, and targets Japanese learners at specific proficiency levels
Review, edit, and proofread learning materials for our Japanese courses

You Have...

Progress toward an M.A. You are currently pursuing a Masters degree in Japanese studies, applied linguistics, linguistics, or a related field. Your planned graduation date must be between December 2024 and May 2025.
Teaching experience. You have experience teaching Japanese as an additional language, and you understand the difficulties of Japanese learners with different language backgrounds.
Language expertise. You have full professional proficiency in Japanese.
Analytical thinking. You can think about language in a structured and analytical way. For example, you excel at breaking down grammatical concepts into smaller parts for the purposes of teaching and assessing knowledge.
Creativity. You think outside the box and have excellent intuitions about how to build content that is engaging to a wide range of learners.
Excellent collaboration skills. You have outstanding interpersonal and communication skills. You give and receive feedback well, and you build and maintain strong professional relationships with colleagues.
Operational focus. You are organized and efficient, and strive to continuously improve your workflow and processes.

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

Multilingual language background
Experience developing pedagogical content or curriculum

Why youll love working here

Language-learning opportunities
In-house breakfast and lunch options
Company-wide Hackathon
Generous paid time off and company holidays
Frequent team dinners, monthly celebrations, social clubs, and so much more!
Dedicated mentorship and colleagues who are both competent and caring
Find out more by visiting our blog

We invest in and support our Duos! The hourly range  for this internship is 33-35. 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
 