Application Deadline - January 8, 2024
Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
As a 2D Character Animator Intern, you will put language education in motion.
Youll help evolve our fun style and visual language weve been refining for years. Your animated character performances will be used in our mobile apps and on landing pages, advertisements, blog posts, videos, social media posts, and much more, pushing Duolingos brand and mission forward to transform the future of education.
What youll do...

Work independently and in small groups to complete challenging animation projects.
Develop your technical skills through hands-on training, workshops, and lectures from Duolingo artists.
Receive coaching and mentorship from a Duolingo Studio Artist.
Partner with others who share a passion for making the best education universally available.
Contribute to our inhouse instagram

What were looking for

Currently pursuing a Bachelors degree in Animation, or related technical field with an expected graduation date of Spring 2025 (or Fall 2024)
A 2D Character Animation focused demo reel that is no more than 2 minutes long
A reel breakdown calling out your work in the reel
The ability to relocate to Pittsburgh, PA

Exceptional Candidates:

Experience with character animation for mobile content
Familiarity with Toon Boom Harmony, Adobe After Effects, LottieJSON files, andor RIVE

Why youll love working here

Language learning opportunities
Catered in-house lunches, and breakfast
Company-wide Hackathon
PTO and company holidays
Frequent company-wide dinners, monthly celebrations, social clubs, and so much more!

We invest in and support our Duos! The hourly range  for this internship is 39-41. 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.