Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Join Duolingos content program management team to help scale Duolingo course content for beginners through advanced learners.
We are looking for a world-class operational leader who can build on recent successes in scaling Duolingo course content to help develop a large-scale subject-agnostic AI-powered content machine. Youll help us plan, develop, and launch high-quality learning content to our key markets and audiences. You will partner with our curriculum and content developers on processes and quality, and with engineering and product on internal tooling. You will also work with RD to transition successful new content types to be ready for scaling.
If you have established expertise in developing efficient processes and driving high-output operations at scale, as well as strong management experience, this job is for you. You will be part of our efforts to advance Duolingos mission through evidence-based teaching. Join Duolingo as an operational leader, impacting how millions of people learn. This role is based in our headquarters office in Pittsburgh, PA.
You will

Establish and implement a vision for delivering new forms of high-quality educational content through efficient, large-scale processes, generative AI and sophisticated in-house tooling;
Identify the critical resources for scaling initiatives to succeed, both in terms of people and tooling, and drive their prioritization;
Collaborate with team and partners across the company to efficiently deliver high-quality course content;
Manage a team of content program managers and freelancers;
Contribute to the strategy for content tooling and help with prioritization of requests, new features and bugs;
Oversee the development and launch of content that wins an AB test with close attention to technical details to continuously improve the Duolingo learning experience;

You have

People management experience. You have experience hiring and developing a team of program management staff.
Project management experience. You have demonstrated strong operational  organizational  project management ability, such as experience building and scaling processes from the ground up.
Collaboration skills. Partner with functions across the company—such as engineering, QA, product management, content development, and executive leadership—to ensure communication across teams and to foster collaboration across stakeholders
Tech-savviness. You are proficient in managing and scaling workloads using technology.
Strong communication skills. You have excellent verbal and written communication skills in English.

Requirements:

MBA from a top-tier business school, or equivalent industry experience
5-10 years of experience working in a fast-paced, high-growth environment;
Strong leadership and track record of caring people management
Excellent project management skills and experience leading large-scale projects
Outstanding interpersonal communication and organizational skills
A desire to make the world a better place through technology
Ability to work full-time from or relocate to Pittsburgh, PA

Exceptional candidates will have:

Experience working in content development andor edtech
Intermediate or higher proficiency in a foreign language
Understanding of content management system (CMS) technologies.

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 120,100-252,000. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.