Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
You Will...

Lead our marketing strategy and support our go-to-market strategy to increase adoption by all stakeholders.
Be responsible for DETs marketing function, budget, market research, communications, advertising, and public relations
Grow brand awareness and indirectly drive revenue growth through marketing activities
Identify brand growth opportunities by understanding regional-specific audiences, the competitive landscape, consumer trends, and market data
Ensure a consistent brand across territories and consumer touchpoints
Build and supervise country-specific marketing metrics
Develop the structure of DETs marketing team
Coordinate DETs marketing efforts with the companys financial and branding goals
Travel to international markets to coordinate our marketing operations and help drive campaign and business objectives

Requirements...

10 years of consumer marketing experience across multiple dimensions - brand, performance, strategy, and analytics
Experience leading remote teams, building strong HQ relationships, and effectively upscaling teams
Willingness to engage with partners in time zones around the globe
Ability to travel internationally frequently

Exceptional Candidates Will Have...

Passion for our mission to make high-quality language learning accessible to everyone
Experience living and working outside of the US
Experience with assessment products and startups
Proficient in a second language

We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 191,400 - open. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.