Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
Craft experiences that excite our learners to work toward their goals every day.
With over 500 million learners, Duolingo is the worlds most popular education app — but how can we make sure they stay committed to learning every day? Enter content design!
As a senior-level content designer within Duolingos Growth area, youll drive the messaging, content strategy, and naming for experiences that keep our learners coming back. From collaborating on features like Daily Quests to writing our (in)famous practice reminders, youll craft some of Duolingos most beloved user experiences.
Youll work with autonomy and focus on a few projects at a time and drive their content strategy forward. If you like running experiments and sharing insights so your wins can have a greater impact, this is a good role for you. No sprinkling copy magic here.
Do you like games? Us too! Youll be encouraged to take inspiration from mobile games, experimenting with new ways to hold our learners interest like the best games do.
This role reports to the Senior Manager, Content Designer as a member of the Content Design team. We sit within the Design org, the instrumental creative partner in most projects at Duolingo. At Duolingo, we take pride in making learning fun and effective for everyone, and your work will play a meaningful role in helping us achieve our mission.
You will...

Craft content experiences that champion our learners
Partner with product designers and product managers to turn product opportunities into successful features and interaction designs
Communicate Growth features and functionality by talking up to learners and helping them understand and use the app
Write our (in)famous push notifications, occasionally ghostwriting for Duo the owl and world characters like Lily
Develop ways to scale copy across the Growth area, such as maintaining content style guides
Make hypotheses about copy and run experiments
Work with our localization team to ensure A translation

You have...

The heart of a storyteller and the brain of a strategist
A portfolio with UX writing samples
5 years crafting content for a consumer app
A gift for expressing complicated things in plain language
Experience taking a leadership stance, whether in title or behavior
Experience writing copy for multilingual audiences
Confidence presenting your work
The ability to work from Pittsburgh, PA

Outstanding candidates will have...

Experience developing content guidelines within a design system
Curiosity about visual design
Experience developing new and novel content models
Experience collaborating with translators
A background in mobile gaming (being a gamer counts!)

 
Please include a link to your portfolio showcasing relevant work samples. A portfolio submission is mandatory for consideration of your candidacy.
We invest in and support our Duos! This role is eligible for a robust compensation package of base salary, equity, and Duolingos world-class benefits. The starting base salary range for this role is, 134,000 - 247,500. Actual salary may vary based on level, work experience, performance, and other factors evaluated during the hiring process.

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Take a peek at how we care for our employees holistic well-being with our benefits here.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
 