Application Deadline: December 5, 2023  Interviews to be conducted in January 2024
Our mission at Duolingo is to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available. But weve got more left to do — and thats where you come in!
Duolingo is the most popular language-learning application in the world, with over 500 million users and over half a billion exercises completed daily. Beyond our core learning product, we also offer English proficiency testing with the Duolingo English Test, and are bringing new subjects into the Duolingo app, where people can develop their Math and Music skills.
We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding innovative solutions to complex problems. We offer meaningful work, limitless learning opportunities, and collaboration with world-class minds. Come brighten your life and over half a billion more!
What youll do...

Own a specific feature of the app, seeing it through the entire product development cycle: ideation, specification, development, release, analysis, and iteration
Conduct research, analyze market trends and data and develop a product roadmap for a key component of Duolingos business (past projects include: teaching Asian languages better, exploring strategy for emerging markets, and product improvements to disrupt offline learning) 
Work closely with UIUX designers to ensure an excellent user experience
Work with engineers to help guide feature development
Perform quantitative analysis on features performance and find opportunities for optimization

What were looking for

Currently pursuing an MBA degree graduating by Spring 2025.
Bachelors degree in Engineering, Business, Psychology, Design, Computer Science, or related field
A desire to make the world a better place through technology and education
Ability to utilize knowledge of user insights, data, and statistical analyses to inform decisions
An instinct for creating simple and intuitive user experiences
Proven ability to learn fast
Demonstrated ability to be resourceful and innovative
Experience leading projects and teams
Professional experience as a PM or in highly related areas, such as software engineering, design, data analysis, language learning, or brand management. 

Why youll love working here

Language learning opportunities
Catered in-house lunches and breakfast
Company-wide Hackathon
PTO and company holidays
Frequent company-wide dinners, monthly celebrations, social clubs, and so much more!

We invest in and support our Duos! The hourly range for this internship is 58-60. 

We will do everything we can within reason to make sure that your interview takes place in an environment that fairly and accurately assesses your skills. If you need assistance or accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
Duolingo is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
By applying for this position your data will be processed as per the Duolingo Applicant Privacy Notice.
 