Are you inherently curious? Do you find yourself digging in to find out why? Are you passionate about data and finding the meaning behind the numbers? Do you love to arm brands with insights and intelligence that lead to business solutions? If so, we might have the right job for you.
 
We are DeVries Global, an integrated communications agency headquartered in New York. Though we bring expertise across numerous platforms and disciplines, we arent your traditional shop. Stripping away the tired definitions of PR or advertising, we marry a data-informed, insight-driven approach with proven public relations and social media know how. We are imaginative, passionate, and decisive.
 
The Director, Business Intelligence will advance the impact of analytics across DeVries Global NY as a strategic partner to our clients and they will contribute to a culture of increased data literacy and data-driven decision making internally.This role will be comfortable speaking both business and data with our internal teams, external vendors and our clients. They will continuously innovate and improve the ways we identify insights and measure results.
 
Most importantly, the Director, Business Intelligence will act as a trusted advisor to clients (both internal and external) with an eye toward business solutions. They should be well-versed in the role of PRcommunications and understand how our work connects to the bottom-line of our clients. 
Responsibilities

Use, train, and evangelize best-in-class tools and capabilities to support data and insight needs across the agency
Lead monthly reporting and measurement activities for a variety of existing clients
Consistently assist in new business data analysis projects to support growth
Collaborate with clients to understand analytics needs, develop plans to address those needs, and analyze and interpret data to provide insights
Serve both short-term, quick-insights requests as well as longer-term, deeply analytical research needs for constant innovation
Train and guide non-analytics staff as a part of a larger data literacy program

Education, Training, And Professional Experience

Bachelors degree in marketing, public relations or an analytics related field preferred
7 years of experience in analytics, reporting or measurement projects required, ideally with experience in the earned media, influencer, and social media data analysis
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel with the ability to use complex formulas
Social listening skills  experience with TalkWalker preferred
Strong verbal and written communication, organizational, time management and critical thinking skills
Experience with PowerPoint, with the ability to present findings in a visually appealing and informative format
Ability to collaborate and work well with others

DeVries is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. DeVries recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
Employees must be fully vaccinated against COVID-19. Therefore, if hired, candidates must present proof of vaccination prior to start date, unless eligible for a medical or religious accommodationWe make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.