
 
Golin is seeking a Senior Analytics Associate to play a key role in contributing to one of the fast-growing, sought-after teams in the agency. The ideal candidate is as unique as our insights and analytics team.
Part digital analyst, part creative problem solver, the role is a true hybrid with a deep understanding of digital and social analytics as well as the ability to tell stories with data and synthesize findings from a variety of different sources.
The role will focus on supporting data collection, reporting and experimentation practices for the client, to drive incremental project initiatives through thought leadership.
Sound like you want to Go All In with us? Here are the details:
 
What youll do:
 

Help to optimize programs through measurement and analysis to support client objectives, focusing on analytics implementation, customization, and automation of data collection processes.
Monitor and evaluate digital and social media results on a dailyweeklybiannual basis in coordination with account team to assess client performance against goals and benchmarks.
Analyze referral traffic data and pull-out actionable insights through platforms such as Adobe Analytics.
Formulate and automate processes within Excel.
Be hands-on and work as part of the technical analytics team for data framework implementations to gather data from assigned sources (e.g.; AdobeGoogle Analytics, Sprinklr, Talkwalker, Canvs, Brandwatch, Meta Business Suite, Twitter Analytics).
Extracting and recording data across multiple platforms (including native social platforms) to be used for reporting and to calculate benchmarks for all social media types on a quarterly basis.
Manage social media coverage coding and analysis; execute digital and social media research and measurement assignments (across earned, owned and paid) with minimal supervision.
Think strategically and be insightful with the ability to tell a story that converts data into actionable insights.
Communicate to account team and end clients on project developments, timelines, and results; manage multiple projects concurrently toward successful completion, including ongoing core workstreams and ad-hoc, quick-turn needs.
Demonstrate a strong interest in and understanding of social media metrics and trends.
Be a change agent within our agency, helping to propose new, innovative approaches to analytics and measurement that push our clients to think differently.

 
What you have:
 


Bachelors degree and coursework in some form of marketing analysis, journalism, PR, mathematics, statistics andor social science, preferred.
2 years of experience in analytics function within the marketingPRdigital media industry.
Experience in the analysis of large data sets to find useful relationships (data mining). Working with and creating databases and dashboards utilizing all relevant data to inform decisions.
Strong analytical skills with a general understanding of statistical techniques: hypothesis development, designing testsexperiments, analyzing data, drawing conclusions, and developing actionable recommendations.
Experience using Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics and similar web alytics tools.
Experience using social analytics platforms such as Sprinklr, Talkwalker, Brandwatch, and similar analytics tools; must be comfortable learning new systems and tools.
Comfortable using BI dashboards (Tableau  Looker  Power BI) is a plus.
Proficiency in PowerPoint and Excel, including organizing and maintaining databases, using formulas and developing charts and tables.
Proactive, fast learner, and highly motivated team player to lead and execute projects in support of the team.
Excellent communication, organizational, and interpersonal skills with the ability to collaborate across teams.
Ability to think on your feet and participate in brainstorms and work sessions.
Communicate effectively with direct manager and account team to set expectations, share status updates, and flag potential issues.
Time management, prioritization skills, and the ability to juggle multiple deliverables and timelines at once in a fast-paced environment.
Strong presentation, communication, and writing skills.

 
About Golin 
We are a global public relations agency poised and staffing for the needs of today. Through our 60 year history we have redefined the role of PR with best-in-class creative that has earned worldwide attention and awards. Representing some of the biggest Fortune One brands, we offer a suite of services from content creation and production, diversity equity  inclusion strategy, influencer marketing, corporate strategy, and public affairs to name a few. To learn more about Golin visit: golin.com.
 

Salary range: 50,000 - 70,000
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.  
 
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.  
 
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.