Were looking for socially and culturally obsessed Creative Directors to oversee all creative. Your job is to help insert the brand into culture in ways that people talk about. The ideal candidate is looking to do the best work of their lives by creating work that matters.  Work that matters in culture.  Work that matter to our clients.  Work that matters to us.
In the CD role, youll partner with our digital and social teams to drive our daily creative mission to drive cultural relevance for one of the worlds largest global brands. From global affinity driving campaigns that breakthrough, to community storytelling that builds trust, to elevating partnerships that drive culture, youll be at the forefront of creating award winning work that earns attention.
You are a natural born leader  you solve problems and set clear direction. You motivate.  You mentor. You invest in the next generation of creative leadership. You make ideas better and bring them to life with an attention to craft in production.  You can own the room and sell the work with the kind of passion that great ideas deserve.
We are adding two exciting Creative Director Roles to our team! This role is hybrid, with the expectation of 2 days a week in the office working with Golin colleagues, and a 3rd day spent onsite with clients as needed. 
YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Job 1 is to bring the freshest, most inspiring, most unexpected thinking that solves our clients problem.

Strategically lead team and be fully plugged into the business at all times. Proven ability to own key sr. client relationships, developing courageous ideas that speak to consumers, and boldly driving creative that is earned first, inherently social, grabbing national headlines.
Drive best-in-class creative integration, bringing the right teams to the table at the right time, championing cross-functional collaboration amongst strategists, media and social experts, and account leaders to get to great work.
Communicate your ideas to clients of all levels with clarity, strategic insight and passion.
Youll champion proactive thinking. Youre always bringing ideas because you know not every opportunity lives within the brief.
You focus on the well-being of the client AND team - encouraging team career development and growth, and effectively balancing diverse personalities and goals to manage through challenges.

WHAT YOU BRING

10 years creative experience in idealead social and influencer driven marketing, with a demonstrable passion for making creative content that wins viewers.
Knowledge of earned media is a plus.
A creative portfolio thats filled with smart thinking.
A commanding presence, communicating ideas to clients with clarity, strategic insight, a sense of shared partnership and passion.
Competent in juggling many projects  workstreams at once, balancing the long-term needs of the clients with hands on creative management with the team.
Internet fluency. You know the ins and outs of social media, speak the language of the internet.
Youre a genuinely good person who brings energy every single day to your work and to the agency. 

Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.
Salary range: 120,000 - 219,000
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.
LI-CP1
LI-KW1
LI-DNI
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.