 
Director, Project Management
Weber Shandwick is currently seeking a Director, Integrated Project Management for the New York Project Management team who will work closely with team members in account, creative, public relations, and strategy, as well as report to a VP or SVP, across a portfolio of brands andor projects.
Responsibilities

Manage all aspects of a campaignprojects and drive integration. Partner closely with account, creative, strategy, analytics, finance, and resourcing leads to institute best practices
Be a proactive and solution-oriented
Define and support cross-functional teams on roles and responsibilities, processes, and templates
Manage projectscampaigns with internal and external partners focusing on balancing quality, cost and timing while exceeding client expectations
Manage project deliverables across multiple work streams and independently prioritize as appropriate
Help coordinate various specialty functions including creative, strategy, insights, paid media, and analytics
Set expectations at the beginning of a project. As any issues arise, proactively find solutions without compromising quality, team morale, or budget.
Partner with internal finance team on overall financial management of the account (SOW development; monitoring and tracking deliverables and budgets; forecasting; change management and reporting)
Negotiate conflict, manage differences of opinion, and communicate effectively
Demonstrate strong, professional work ethic and financial acumen

Requirements: 

5 years of Project Management experience, preferably in an agency setting, media relations communications, or content development
Expert skills in scoping, pricing, and timeline development for large, complex programs. Prior experience managing multi-million-dollar budgets and scopes
Familiarity with different types of programs and deliverables, such as strategic planning, creative ideation, video, social and editorial content, digital, and partner management
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to effectively communicate with team members across multiple levels, building trust in your abilities to get the job done effectively.
Excellent organization and time management skills.
Proficient in collaboration tools such as Microsoft Products and Smartsheets.

 
 
NYC Salary range: 110,000  135,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
 
 
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 

Medical 
Dental 
Vision 
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit 

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
 
LI-OD1
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.