
Account Director, Client Experience
Corporate
 
Current Global is an award-winning global communications agency that puts humanity at the heart of everything we do, from our internal culture to the way we help clients understand that people want to connect with companies and brands as real and human as they are.
A member of the Interpublic Group of Companies (NYSE: IPG) and The Weber Shandwick Collective, our footprint spans Asia, Europe, MENAT, North and South America with strength and depth across corporate, consumer, health, and technology communications. Our dynamic team of public relations, marketing, and integrated media experts works with some of the worlds most iconic companies and brands to develop highly strategic and creative campaigns, collaborating across four talent communities: Client Experience, Insights, Creative, and Integrated Media.    
The best ideas come from a diverse mix of minds, backgrounds, and experiences, which is why we believe that diversity, equity, and inclusion are mission critical to building strong teams, cultivating great leaders, and creating an agency where everyone can do their best work. At Current Global, difference is valued, equality is a mandate, and inclusiveness is a reflex, not an initiative. A Fast Company World Changing Idea, Accessible by Design is our commitment that all communication we create will meet the highest accessibility standards to reach people with sight, hearing, and cognitive disabilities.  
 
POSITION PROFILE.
Current Global is seeking an Account Director, Client Experience with expertise in corporate communications. Location is flexible.  A self-starter with an entrepreneurial spirit and integrated media mindset, the Account Director will be responsible for managing corporate-focused work  providing counsel related to corporate communications, executive visibility, thought leadership, media relations, issues management  in addition to serving as a day-today client lead and mentoring junior talent.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES.

Own responsibilities for executional leadership of multiple client programs, budgets, plans.
Maintain daily client contact, serving as a trusted resource and advisor.
Facilitate cross-functional team integration (strategy, creative, integrated media specialists), in addition to managing account-focused team members.
Drive development of communications plans, translating strategies into tactics and ensuring team deliverables align with objectives.
Become a trusted industry expert, going deep into clients business to provide value.
Support and suggest improvements and new ideas to exceed client expectations by leveraging industry knowledge and experience.
Manage ongoing team resourcingstaffing to ensure successful delivery of work product.
Contribute to the career growth of junior team members, serving as mentor and role model.
Participate in agency development and assist with new business.
Demonstrate financial acumen in the areas of budgeting, billing and staffing.

QUALIFICTIONS.

8 years of experience, preferably with some agency experience.
Corporate communications expertise.
Experience working with integrated teams and working on integrated campaigns.
Some experience with issuescrisis management.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.
Current Global recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. We offer a full suite of benefits including medical; dental; vision; 401k (with employer match); tuition reimbursement; 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards nourishing your health; flexible time off policy; flexible holiday schedules; short-term disability; paid employee family leave; family building benefit.
Current Global is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. We recruit qualified applications without regard to age, race, color, religion, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, gender or gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, or citizenship status. 
California residents who are past or current applicants, see our California Consumer Privacy Act Notice. 
We make our careers website accessible to all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationcmgrp.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors. Rather, it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered. 
 
LI-JP1

 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.