
THE JOB  Account Trainee, Team Sports Sponsorship
CLIENT SERVICES  Responsible for leading Octagons client business and day-to-day management of client programs.
Were looking for our new Account Trainee who will support the implementation of a robust U.S. baseball sponsorship portfolio and MLS team for a major payment systems client! This position will be part of a team responsible for the planning, execution, and activation of all client events and promotions on an ongoing basis.
Responsibilities include managing administrative documents, property management support, event management (both on-site and virtual), and return on investment trackingreporting, all while proactively contributing to the overall account and new projects. The ideal candidate will be able to work as part of a team and will collaborate with various internal teams and divisions, client partnersvendors, consumers, and clients. Strong team dynamic skills, time management, excellent organizational skills, and great interpersonal skills are required for this position.
This position offers an opportunity to be exposed to top client service work including account management, client engagement, and event planning while having the ability to participate in brainstorming sessions, work with budgetsExcel, create presentations (PowerPoint), and learn valuable researchcompetitive analysis skills!
THE WORK YOULL DO 

Support account team in improving the value of the sponsorshipsprograms through planning, implementation, and measurementevaluation
Assist with ticketinventory processing, vendor management, and property research
Assist with planning and execution of event marketing programs
Coordinate website-driven partnership contentoffers with property partners
Consumer Engagement - serve as a marketing ambassador and effectively and enthusiastically communicate brand initiatives andor product offerings to consumersfans
Create recap documents for events including key takeaways, strengths, weaknesses, and recommendations
Manage documents such as status reports, tracking documents, meeting notes, and event specific offer creation documents
Manage select special projects and work closely with account team to determine best approach to each project
Provide administrative support and staffing for other account programs as needed
Participate in brainstorms and creative ideation
Manage on-site events and experiences in market and virtually
Other duties as assigned

THE BIGGER TEAM YOULL JOIN 
Where others see complexity, we see possibility. 
Octagon is the global sports, entertainment and experiential marketing arm of the Interpublic Group. But if that classification doesnt do it for you, and it shouldnt, lets take it a step further.
We are what we believe. And we believe that while the world of sports and entertainment is full of opportunities and possibilities, sometimes the amount of choice can seem a little overwhelming. Even daunting.
Thats where we come into play.
At Octagon we inspire brands, talent, and our people to see the world for all its potential. We then help break down the complexity and push forward so you can make your next right move.
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR

Bachelors Degree in sports management, marketing or related field
Experience in the communications, advertising or marketing industries. Previous event marketing experience a strong plus
Desire to learn and develop a career in sports  entertainment or experiential marketing
Capacity to become knowledgeable on our clients industry, brand and product offering
Attentiveness to detail; ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks simultaneously while producing quality work within strict timelines
Strong self-starter with excellent team dynamics; exceptional sense to be proactive and jump in wherever needed
Demonstrated ability to work as part of a team while also able to solve problems effectively and independently
Collaborative in nature with a no job is too small positive approach
Ability to take direction and run with it
Strong interpersonal and communication skills (both oral and written)
Exceptional work ethic, strong desire to succeed, and willingness to learn  intellectually curious
Excellent verbal communication skills. Presentation or public speaking experience a plus
Extraordinary proficiency with Microsoft Office Software (specifically PowerPoint, Excel and Word)
Willingness to travel as needed, as well as night and weekend work
All applicants must provide proof of COVID vaccination or contact the organizations HR team if eligible for an exemption

This position pays minimum wage and is overtime-eligible.
Please also know that the well-being of our employees, partners, fans and consumers are top of mind to our agency, and we are taking measures to ensure proper health and safety initiatives and protocols are in place for our events and activations.
Octagon is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
 
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.