Must be able to work hybrid in Boston office or travel to Boston regularly
We believe in Extraordinary.  
At Jack, were driven by the fact that the worlds most successful brands deliver proof of their brand promise at every touchpoint. Promise  Proof  Experience Brand
Were an award-winning global brand experience agency, with 80 years in the industry, who believes that happy humans are the worlds best advertisers. And extraordinary brands arent B2C or B2B  theyre B2E (brand to everyone). Were multi-channel, multi-discipline and just plain multi-talented. Working alongside great brands worldwide, were dedicated to doing something extraordinary every day.
What we do is hard, so we take care of each other as much as we take care of our business. We take our work seriously, but not ourselves. We demystify smart and speak like humans (no jargon, please). We embrace our diversity and enjoy shaping the future of an entire industry.
That brings us to you. 
As the Senior Business Development Director, your primary focus is to lead the offices efforts to drive profitable revenue growth by developing business with new and existing clients.
What youll be doing
Business Acquisition

Lead office efforts to pursue and win net new clients
Lead larger opportunities, leveraging Pitch to Win, Jacks new business best practice
Act as Pitch Captain to drive RFP and client engagement process, integrating across agency departments and teams to present the winning solution
Have a mastery of how best to express our offerings and practice areas to attract clients.
Consult on organic opportunities, but be the driving force behind net new growth
Engage and evaluate in-bound opportunities, creating a positive brand experience even when turning down opportunities
Engage the broader Jack and IPG (Interpublic Group) network, mining for opportunities with sister agencies and leading and participating in company-level initiatives and opportunities
At this  level, this role is accountable for delivering a target of 2M net revenue annually. Revenue toward that target is credited in two parts:



Finding the work: Jack wins a brief that the Senior Business Development Director uncovered through their outreach
Closing the work: Senior Business Development Director acts as Pitch Captain on a win (via inbound or own effort)


Planning  Pursuit

Lead the development and execution of our office growth strategy for the year, including target selection, focused sales campaigns, integration of practice areas, IPG synergies, local marketing and thought leadership efforts etc.
Lead regular Go-No-Go meetings and process with office leadership, to deliver against our strategy and ambitions
Drive our Marquee Pursuit efforts, as a key individual contributor and the orchestrator of office- and company-wide efforts; develop pursuit plans for each marquee target, ensuring research results and intelligent contact with client prospects
Lead and manage outbound efforts, introducing target brands to Jack, opening new doors, and building the pipeline. Prospect across social channels, industry trades, ones own network etc. to identify leads
Identify (or eliminate) target clients for office through industry and company research.
Communicate individual and market sales objectives and tactics, including quarterly forecasts and targets.
Actively track our pipeline and Sold position (in SFDC) as a partner to the Managing Director.
Activate aggressive follow up to ensure a robust pipeline and frequency of client interaction
Ensure appropriate team is harnessed to support pursuit and build relationship
Ensure hand-off plan is in place for each client opportunity as needed.
Manage new business operational hygiene, keeping SFDC updated, weekly office and company snapshots, coordinate and partner with broader new business team and network

Staff Development

Develop junior staff by involving them in your key pursuit efforts, where appropriate.
Actively participate in DEIB efforts

If you can do all that, you have what it takes. It might help if 

10 plus years of solution selling and relationship building experience
Knowledge and familiarity with the brand experience world, including B2B conferences, B2C programs, internal  employee engagement programs, integrated marketing campaigns.
Strong writing and editing skills  and the ability to direct deck designers on how best to visualize key points we are making in our narrative [within proposals, campaigns, etc.]
Demonstrates proficiency in core sales competencies: accountability for results, client focus, developing others, team effectiveness, sales drive, organizational sophistication and influencing others

Last, but not least, we believe in diversity, equity, and inclusion.   
Jack Morton and Genuine are equal opportunity employers; we strongly value diversity at our companies. We do not discriminate on race, religion, color, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law. In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is 130,000.00  160,000.00 annually, depending on relevant factors including experience, internal equity and market considerations. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.  
LI-SC1We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.