
Senior Finance Manager will provide valuable guidance and support to the Finance and Client Service teams. This position will report into the SVP, Finance and collaborate with leaders on a daily basis and will be contributing to overall financial modeling and analysis during requirements planning, business reviews, and providing business insights into key initiatives.
 
Job responsibilities
Account Finance

Liaison between account and shared services on job creation, budget set up and all aspects of billing.
Review client scopes to confirm accuracy with rates, pricing, and business terms.
Maintain trackers for Purchase orders and monthly revenue
Drive monthly revenue recognition calculation
Ensure that WIP is cleared in a timely and orderly manner, client documentationPOs are secured, and oversees duration of the project lifecycle. Includes preparation of ETC documentation and proper revenue recognition
Manage Accounts Receivables
Provide counsel and accountability related to change order management
Help support client, internal audits and ad-hoc requests as needed
Train and ensure project management and account staff are adhering to financial

Financial Close, Budgeting and Forecasting Support

Work with local office leadership and SVP with monthlyquarterly reporting
Provide ad hoc financial data necessary for leaders to make informed decisions
Assist with Monthly PL Analysis
Process office level revenue and expense entries for shared services
Lead quarterly forecasting discussions on assigned accounts
Provide financial insights for recurring business reviews with key stakeholders
Provide financial onboarding to staff to help educate on financial literacy.

Preferred Qualifications

7 years experience (AgencyServices industry preferred)
BABS degree, preferable in accounting or Finance
Ability to meet deadlines and manage multiple tasks simultaneously
Ability to be flexible and work in a fast-paced environment
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Expert in excel
SAP experience highly preferred

Top Accountabilities 

Identify critical business opportunities, risks and initiatives and provide best practice financial analysis and insights to support decision making.
Identify opportunities to drive greater efficiency and effectiveness of all finance activities.
Able to interface vertically across all levels of the account team as needed
Show an eagerness to grow and learn more about the business. This includes asking questions, reading, modeling others, and being open and responsive to feedbackareas of improvement.
Exhibit professionalism and commitment to role, company and creative product.
Maintain a high level of integrity, and serve as a model for all other team

 
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 

Medical 
Dental 
Vision 
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit 

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-RJ1
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.