ABOUT US  MOMENTUM WORLDWIDE Momentum is an agency of doers. We make the industrys most disruptive, entertaining, shareable, unforgettable experiences for our clients and their fans. We do it by bringing people closer to what they love, in original and unexpected ways. Whether its a physical activation, a virtual experience, or a piece of unique branded content, its all part of what we call the Total Brand Experience — ideas that solve business challenges, through best-in-class Consulting, Strategy, Analytics, Experience Design, and Production. 
We want you to help brands do amazing, unprecedented, wild things, creating experiences that people never forget.
 
WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM MOMENTUM
At Momentum, we expect our employees to embody our values!Our Core Values of Be One, Do Great Work, Have Fun, Give Back and Grow empower an environment where we challenge ourselves professionally and encourage each other personally.
 
At Momentum, we make our differences matter!Who we are matters.  We choose to hire diverse voices from all walks of life.  We choose to make our culture one where everyone can be their authentic self and speak in their voice. We choose to give each other permission to get things wrong, so we can learn to make them right.  We choose to celebrate the bravery of our peers and we choose to be collectively responsible.
 
At Momentum, we make our actions matter!Making it matter means always choosing the sustainable option. It means designing waste out from the start.  It means working with the right materials. Sourcing locally, innovating off-the-shelf solutions and reusing and repurposing. It means powering smarter. Travelling less. And only working with vendors who do the same. Make it matter means becoming the first experiential agency in the world to receive 2 ISO certifications.
 
At Momentum, we make our people matter!We choose to make your workplace part of your wellbeing. We choose a hybrid work model. We choose no meeting Fridays. We choose to let ourselves take as much Time Well Taken (vacation) as we need. We choose education programs that help our people develop professionally and personally. We choose tuition reimbursement. We choose to match your 401K. We choose to make your financial wellbeing our priority. We choose to make our peoples lives matter.
 
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FORYou thrive on the opportunity to express stories through stories through graphic and branded communications. Exceptional graphic design skills. Develops visual identity, logotypes, typefaces, color palettes, wayfinding and environmental experiences across a range of media platforms. Helps generate and develop over-arching experience strategy as it pertains to signage, wayfinding and other environmental graphics.
 
HERES WHAT YOULL DO (RESPONSIBILITIES)

Actively participates in concept and design brainstorms 
Illustrates a passion for traditional design principles, with ability and interest to challenge the status quo
Translates high-level concepts into brand-appropriate design directions
Creates in-situation mock-ups with applied graphics
Delivers polished moodboards to communicates design
Strong design skills across a range of mediums, from large scale graphics, presentations, animation boards, logoslockups, brand identities, signage, patterns etc.  
Speaks to design intent and visual story-telling across multi-functional teams
Maintains consistent creative quality while applying brand guidelines 
Manages multiple projects with fast deadlines; thriving in a dynamic environment
Stays abreast of the competitive design landscape to better understand brand objectives, target audience and industry trends to share back with the larger team
Presents work internally
Presents work to clients with leadership guidance and supervision
Mentors more Junior team members
Supporting Momentums Values
All other duties as assigned

 
HERES WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR (QUALIFICATIONS  REQUIREMENTS)

Bachelors Degree, preferably in Marketing is preferred, but not required
4-6 years experience preferred
Strong portfolio demonstrating your passion for design and experiential
Strong skill in layouts, typography, line composition, color, photography, comping, visualization, and graphic design fundamentals
Expertise in Adobe Creative Suite
Natural communicator with strong visual and verbal presentation skills
Hustler at heart who can adapt to rapidly changing priorities in an energetic environment.
Collaborative spirit and drive to take ownership of the work
Exceptional relationship and influencing skills
Experienced in strategic thinking and ability to see, articulate and drive to the big picture
Passion and solution orientated approach to problem solving
Exceptional verbal  written communication skills and adept at communicating effectively across all levels
Highly developed presentation and delivery skills
Ability to perform well in fast changing environments.
Exceptional client management skills
Demonstrated success in leading multi-disciplinary teams in delivering exceptional work within budget parameters
A passion to help and develop people  making yourself readily available to answer questions and offer support, and the ability to motivate people to succeed
Demonstrated leadership and mentorship skills

 
MOMENTUM BENEFITS

Time Well Taken (our flexible benefits plan that allows you take the time you need)
Hybrid Work model  ability to work from home or in office
Holidays and Winter Break (agency closes between Christmas and New Years holidays)
No meeting Fridays
Curated DEI programs and initiatives
Medical, Dental and Vision plans
Short- and Long-term disability
401(K) with company match
EAP  Employee Assistance Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Work from Home stipend
Referral bonuses
Training and development opportunities
Flexible Spending Account
Health Saving Accounts

SALARY RANGEThe salary range for this position is 75,000 to 90,000. Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; location and region; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
At Momentum Worldwide, we value diversity and the uniqueness of all people. We thrive in an inclusive environment, and we recruit, hire and promote without regard to race, gender, age, color, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, ethnic or national origin, citizenship, religion, sexual preference, military or veteran status, marital status, family status, physical or mental disability  or any other legally protected categories as set forth in the applicable state, federal or local laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment including training, compensation, benefits and all other privileges of employment.
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.