Must be based in the NYC area and able to work hybrid onsite and remote 
We believe in Extraordinary.  
At Jack Morton we create head-turning, stomach-dropping, mind-boggling, smile-inducing brand experiences for everyone. Its the future of marketing and theres nothing passive or predictable about it. We promise every day will be different than the previous one in a very good way.  
We take care of each other, as much as we take care of business. We marvel in each others uniqueness and revel in what each of us brings to the human potluck that is Jack.  
So, if you want to help shape the future of an entire industry, welcome. If you feel work, and the people you work with, can be extraordinary, lets chat. Were Jack, and we cant wait to meet you. 
That brings us to you.  
As the Senior Creative Director with a design background, you will lead the creative process by generating innovative ideas and engaging the audience through effective concept development and skillful writing. Working with the planning and design team, ensure the delivery of superior creative solutions that bring the experiential platform to life, drive client results, meet their budget requirements, and meet Jack Mortons financial targets. 
What youll be doing 
Creative Strategy 

Work closely with our strategy partners and leads to help develop a creative strategy and innovative solutions to solve client marketing and communication challenges 
Work with the Experiential Platform and Creative Directors to develop the vision of client deliverables and effectively communicate that vision to colleagues and clients by skillfully crafting content 

Flawless Creative Execution 

Work closely with Designers and other account team members to ensure on-brand design, accurate message content and adherence to the experiential platform 
Remain involved in production after the sale to ensure creative integrity, be a creative resource to the team as client needs or budgets change, and further develop the relationship with the client. 

Creative Team Leadership 

Oversee creative execution across multiple projects and budgets simultaneously, ensuring work is on time and on budget 
Foster a culture and environment that is conducive to creative development by making create sessions a safe place where all participants are heard and respected, resulting in superior creative solutions.
Understand, utilize, teach, and champion processes and tools that facilitate productive creative development
Stay abreast of cultural events, technology and social media  and broade trends that affect our clients audiences
Drive continuous process improvement to discover efficiencies and make recommendations within the creative department
Network between offices to share ideas, knowledge, and resources. Know and understand success stories from across the network. Be able to share those stories with the team and clients in the appropriate context.
Serve as a coach to more junior creative team members to ensure that they are exposed to appropriate opportunities to help them grow in their career and to ensure that they continue to add increasing value to the team
Serve as a trusted advisor and strategic partner to key senior clients 

Client Management  Business Development 

Provide leadership in developing business strategies for new and existing clients that lead to revenue growth. Generate ideas that excite clients and expand their perceptions of what Jack Morton can do to help them drive results. 
Understand the clients business objectives and how those objectives relate to the target audience, while staying in tune to business issues, particularly in key account industries, to assist in generating relevant creative ideas. 
Work to establish partnerships and relationships that advance DEIB efforts 

If you can do all that, you have what it takes. It might also help if 

At least 8-10 years of design and creative experience in an agency or marketing environment, including strong conceptual  ideation and experiential work
B2B experience; brings passion to B2B client work no matter the industry
Experience managing teams and direct reports
Superior writing skills - proven experience with message development and writing in different mediums (i.e., PowerPoint, speeches, video, proposals, etc.) 
Excellent creative and artistic presentation skills
Strong in-depth knowledge of brand positioning and industry trends, including digital; strong understanding of how projects fit into the clients business and brand position
Strong understanding of technology and technology trends
Must possess excellent time management skills and have a sense of urgency; proven ability to work autonomously on or lead multiple projects at any given time 
Demonstrated creative competencies: client focus, accountability for results, organizational sophistication, ingenuity and communicating ideas 

Last, but not least, we  believe in diversity, equity, and inclusion.  
Jack Morton and Genuine are equal opportunity employers; we strongly value diversity at our companies. We do not discriminate on race, religion, color, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law. In 2020, Jack Morton and Genuine, as part of Interpublic Group (IPG), have been named to the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index (GEI), and Jack Morton has once again been designated a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Workplace Equality by the Human Rights Campaign in their Corporate Equality Index.   
In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is 95,000 185,000 annually, depending on relevant factors including experience, internal equity and market considerations. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.    
LI-SC1We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.