ABOUT US - MOMENTUM WORLDWIDEMomentum is an agency of doers. We make the industrys most disruptive, entertaining, shareable, unforgettable experiences for our clients and their fans. We do it by bringing people closer to what they love, in original and unexpected ways. Whether its a physical activation, a virtual experience, or a piece of unique branded content, its all part of what we call the Total Brand Experience — ideas that solve business challenges, through best-in-class Consulting, Strategy, Analytics, Experience Design, and Production. 
We want you to help brands do amazing, unprecedented, wild things, creating experiences that people never forget.
WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM MOMENTUMAt Momentum, we expect our employees to embody our values!Our Core Values of Be One, Do Great Work, Have Fun, Give Back and Grow empower an environment where we challenge ourselves professionally and encourage each other personally.
At Momentum, we make our differences matter!Who we are matters.  We choose to hire diverse voices from all walks of life.  We choose to make our culture one where everyone can be their authentic self and speak in their voice. We choose to give each other permission to get things wrong, so we can learn to make them right.  We choose to celebrate the bravery of our peers and we choose to be collectively responsible.
At Momentum, we make our actions matter!Making it matter means always choosing the sustainable option. It means designing waste out from the start.  It means working with the right materials. Sourcing locally, innovating off-the-shelf solutions and reusing and repurposing. It means powering smarter. Traveling less. And only working with vendors who do the same. Make it matter means becoming the first experiential agency in the world to receive 2 ISO certifications.
At Momentum, we make our people matter!We choose to make your workplace part of your wellbeing. We choose a hybrid work model. We choose no meeting Fridays. We choose to let ourselves take as much Time Well Taken (vacation) as we need. We choose education programs that help our people develop professionally and personally. We choose tuition reimbursement. We choose to match your 401K. We choose to make your financial wellbeing our priority. We choose to make our peoples lives matter.
WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FORWhen you work at Momentum on the Experiential Production (XP) Team, every day is different.  While you will be assigned to a particular client, we ultimately work as a collective to support the production of experiential activations across all of our clients.  In addition to being exposed to multiple clients, you will work on a broad range of activations from mobile tours to major sponsorship activations to virtual experiences.  Like we said, every day is different, but thats what keeps it interesting. So, we are looking for team players with a strong work ethic and next level organizational skills who have the desire and ability to travel at a moments notice to produce events throughout the U.S.  The work isnt always glamorous, but there is nothing like the feeling of bringing events to life, especially now! 
 
HERES WHAT YOULL DO (RESPONSIBILITIES)

Responsible for project execution according to agency standards within established budgets and timeframes
Provide client contact, assisting Business Leadership with managing the relationship and expectations in accordance with agency philosophy
Directly responsible for management of components of events within account base. This includes event activities, event staff management, reporting, and post-event activities.
Build thorough understanding of clients business
Utilize agency tools in conveying all necessary information (i.e. Terms and Conditions, Purchase Orders, production job starts)
Solicit and provide all relevant job information to team members in a timely manner
Develop working knowledge of agencys capabilities
Successfully participate in the management of project financials in accordance with agency policy and procedure
Establish effective relationships across agency multi-disciplinary teams
Utilize agency resources appropriately and efficiently
Mentor and manage more junior team members including temporary event staff
Negotiate event specifics with vendors and event organizers
Prepare reports for management and clients, detailing program specifics
Participate in concept development meetings of current programs and new marketing programs
Assist in budget and invoice management
Participate in event advance meetings
Work on-site at events
Supporting Momentums values
All other duties as assigned

 
HERES WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR (QUALIFICATIONS  REQUIREMENTS)

5 years of professional experience within experiential marketing industry
Basic technical production skills desirable
Understanding  experience producing sustainable events preferred
Experience producing mobile tours and field marketing programs preferred
Solid communication skills  written and verbal
Strong computer skills, including proficiency in PowerPoint, Excel, Word, Outlook
Polished, professional demeanor, projects confidence and enthusiasm for the business
Proven success in project management and managing multiple priorities
History of developing effective working relationships across a diverse team
Solid understanding of agency processes, department functions and workflow
Demonstrates understanding of branding and brand value

MOMENTUM BENEFITS

Time Well Taken (our flexible benefits plan that allows you take the time you need)
Hybrid Work model  ability to work from home or in office
Holidays and Winter Break (agency closes between Christmas and New Years holidays)
No meeting Fridays
Curated DEI programs and initiatives
Medical, Dental and Vision plans
Short- and Long-term disability
401(K) with company match
EAP  Employee Assistance Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Work from Home stipend
Referral bonuses
Training and development opportunities
Flexible Spending Account
Health Saving Accounts

 
At Momentum Worldwide, we value diversity and the uniqueness of all people. We thrive in an inclusive environment, and we recruit, hire and promote without regard to race, gender, age, color, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, ethnic or national origin, citizenship, religion, sexual preference, military or veteran status, marital status, family status, physical or mental disability  or any other legally protected categories as set forth in the applicable state, federal or local laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment including training, compensation, benefits and all other privileges of employment.
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.