 
 
 
 
 
Launch and grow your future career in public relations and create change that matters with Golin!
 
Calling all current juniors at Historically Black Colleges and Universities OR representing Black Greek Letter Organizations on any college campuses -- the sororities and fraternities of the Divine Nine, to join us for our 2024 Golin PRepSchool summer program!
 
Past PRepSchoolers worked with major brands, as well as created impactful multi-cultural client pitches for program sponsors.
 
ABOUT PREP SCHOOL
 
PRep School is a fellowship program hosted by Golin. As a PRep School Fellow, you will have the opportunity to work with leading executives, be mentored by the brightest minds in the PR industry, and work on campaigns for award-winning clients. This is your chance to launch and grow your career in PR with one of the top public relations agencies in the world!
 
We are recruiting college juniors (Class of 2025) representing any HBCU OR any historically Black Fraternity or Sorority historically known as one of the Divine Nine:
 

Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Incorporated
Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated
Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated
Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, Incorporated
Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated
Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Incorporated
Zeta Phi Beta Sorority, Incorporated
Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, Incorporated
Iota Phi Theta Fraternity, Incorporated

 
PROGRAM DETAILS:
Our paid, full-time Fellowship program runs from June 10, 2024  August 2, 2024, and is designed to give you the authentic experience of working in an agency. The PRep School program aims to provide varied experiences in PR with exposure to different practice areas and skillsets. 
Fellows will work within our core practice groups, collaborating with client teams, and may learn about: crafting media pitches, researching and managing influencer campaigns, monitoring relevant news for stories and client mentions, identifying real-time opportunities, issues, and trends, and crafting social content.
 
PROGRAM HIGHLIGHTS 

8-week paid fellowship in either our Atlanta, Chicago, Miami, or New York offices
Experience working on real client accounts
Career development curriculum with culturally relevant content to enhance your PR skill set
Executive level support and 1:1 mentoring

 
REQUIREMENTS:

You are a college junior (Class of 2025) representing any HBCU OR
You are a junior (Class of 2025) attending any college or university AND representing any historically Black Fraternity or Sorority of the Divine Nine
Your major is in one of the following fields: Advertising, Business, Communications, Journalism, Liberal Arts, Marketing, Political Science, or Public Relations
You can commit to our 8-week program from June 10, 2024  August 2, 2024
You can live in a host office city for the duration of the program - Please note a housing stipend will be provided

 IMPORTANT - Please share what Golin host office city you would be interested in - Atlanta, Chicago, Miami, New York
 
About Golin 
 
We are a global public relations agency poised and staffing for the needs of today. Through our 60 year history we have redefined the role of PR with best-in-class creative that has earned worldwide attention and awards. Representing some of the biggest Fortune One brands, we offer a suite of services from content creation and production, diversity equity  inclusion strategy, influencer marketing, corporate strategy, and public affairs to name a few. To learn more about Golin visit: golin.com.
 
Salary Range: 18.00
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.
 
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.
 
Golin is an Equal Opportunity Employer  MFVeteranDisabilitySexual OrientationGender Identity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.