
Executive Vice President, Integrated Media Strategy
 
Current Global is an award-winning global communications agency that puts humanity at the heart of everything we do, from our internal culture to the way we help clients understand that people want to connect with companies and brands as real and human as they are.
A member of the Interpublic Group of Companies (NYSE: IPG) and The Weber Shandwick Collective, our footprint spans Asia, Europe, MENAT, North and South America with strength and depth across corporate, consumer, health, and technology communications. Our dynamic team of public relations, marketing, and integrated media experts works with some of the worlds most iconic companies and brands to develop highly strategic and creative campaigns, collaborating across four talent communities: Client Experience, Insights, Creative, and Integrated Media.    
The best ideas come from a diverse mix of minds, backgrounds, and experiences, which is why we believe that diversity, equity, and inclusion are mission critical to building strong teams, cultivating great leaders, and creating an agency where everyone can do their best work. At Current Global, difference is valued, equality is a mandate, and inclusiveness is a reflex, not an initiative. A Fast Company World Changing Idea, Accessible by Design is our commitment that all communication we create will meet the highest accessibility standards to reach people with sight, hearing, and cognitive disabilities.  
  
POSITION PROFILE.
We are looking for an EVP, Integrated Media Strategy with a diverse background of client and category experience and a history of designing and implementing integrated communications programs that earn attention and connection. A critical role on the agencys leadership team, this position requires a highly analytical and strategic thinker able to transform stories into trending topics. Working with account, strategy, and creative teams, they will oversee a growing group of specialists spanning earned media relations, influencer marketing, digital and social content, community management, and paid media.
The right leader will understand how media is evolving and be at the forefront of strategically and creatively socializing stories across all the formats and platforms people use to find news and information. Our ideal candidate is a media junkie with relentless curiosity about the people, platforms, and processes that make stories travel in a connected media world. They will steer our point of view and work, counsel clients, participate in new business, mentor talent, and provide thought leadership.
 
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES.

Set the vision of the Integrated Media practice and its organizational structure.
Develop innovative, fully integrated media strategies that blend earned, influencer, owned, and paid platforms and tactics to accelerate ideas across our connected media world with predictable results.
Oversee work from planning to activation to ensure optimization and flexibility to deliver client value.
Play a critical role on key accounts, collaborating closely with Client Experience, Insights, and Creative teams to ensure ideas are break-through, culturally relevant, and earned at the core to drive coverage, conversation, and connection.
Serve as a trusted counselor and thought leader for clients, demonstrating the value and impact of integrated media relations.
Actively participate in agency new business development.
Lead and mentor a team of Integrated Media specialists in North America, managing ongoing resourcing, staffing, and training to ensure successful delivery of work product.
Be an early adopter of new media trends, platforms, and practices, democratizing learnings and helping to raise the Integrated Media acumen of our organization and clients.
Demonstrate financial acumen in the areas of budgeting, billing, and staffing.

QUALIFICATIONS.

15 years of experience, preferably within a public relations agency or related industry.
Command of the current influencer landscape with experience leading influencer campaigns.
Exceptional ability to translate ideas into actionable, integrated strategies designed to earn attention and connection with target audiences.
Persuasive presenter and speaker, able to tell a story through the lens of media impact.
Strong leadership and decision-making skills; experience building, managing, and mentoring a team.
Entrepreneurial and resourceful self-starter passionate about selling work and winning new business.
Collaborative work style while juggling multiple priorities and deadlines.
Detail-oriented with a commitment to improving processes and outcomes.
Existing network and relationships in the marketing and public relations industry is highly desirable.

 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.
NYC Salary Range: 210,000-275,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
 
Current Global recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. We offer a full suite of benefits including medical; dental; vision; 401k (with employer match); tuition reimbursement; 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards nourishing your health; flexible time off policy; flexible holiday schedules; short-term disability; paid employee family leave; family building benefit.
Current Global is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. We recruit qualified applications without regard to age, race, color, religion, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, gender or gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, or citizenship status. 
California residents who are past or current applicants, see our California Consumer Privacy Act Notice. 
We make our careers website accessible to all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationcmgrp.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors. Rather, it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered. 
 
LI-JP1
 

 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.