
Senior AnalystData Strategist
Youre curious, organized, methodical, and proactive. You like to use substantiated data to both identify and solve problems, rather than trust your gut alone.
As the core team of global communications powerhouse Weber Shandwick, we are leveraging data science approaches and development tools to provide unparalleled access to unexplored insights derived from the worlds most important digital, social and e-commerce platforms.
Our clients span five continents, and their consumers are everywhere. The systems and tools we are designing will be one of a kind and unique in their value to meet the global marketplaces current and future needs.
We Are Seeking:
We are seeking a strategic thinker with a strong analytical mind to help compile and analyze data, and extract deep insights using the approaches, systems and tools we are designing in-house and have licensed from third parties. You will be able to leverage data to uncover insights and tell compelling stories.
The Senior Analyst will join the New York Analytics  Intelligence team to focus on delivering insightful and impactful analytics core to the marketing and communications objectives of our clients.
The position will directly report to and work with the New York office but may support teams across all North American practice areas. This position will be dedicated to several of Weber Shandwicks largest and most important client relationships.  
What You Will Be Doing:

Lead day-to-day project delivery, coordinating with clients and the rest of your Weber Shandwick teammates to establish partnerships and prove valueROI, infusing all aspects of the work with data-driven insights and measurement.
Work with Impact teammates to create visually compelling reporting and insights that allow clients to easily evaluate communications, media andor site performance relative to business objectives.
Evangelize the use of data to inform decision-making at all levels internally and externally.
Educate non-technical account team members on key requests and analysis process.
Participate in business development activities, including scope design, strategic analysis, slide preparation and work planning.

Basic Qualifications

2-4 years relevant full-time experience; preferably in Consumer Insights, Marketing Analytics, or Performance Marketing fields.
Strong interest and capacity to translate data and research into strategic insights and recommendations.
Passion for working with data and deriving insights to answer client business questions.
Experience with syndicated research tools such as MRI Simmons, YouGov or GWI a plus.
Experience with social listening tools such as Quid, Talkwalker, or Brandwatch a plus.
Ability to work independently and in an integrated team setting.
Strong communication (written and presentation) skills.
Commitment to learning and the drive to take initiative.
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
Comfort with working in and contributing to a fast-paced, team environment.

 
About Weber Shandwick 
Weber Shandwick is a leading global marketing and communications network that delivers next-generation solutions to brands, businesses and organizations in major markets around the world.
We push beyond category convention, pairing data-driven insights with creative prowess to deliver game-changing ideas that earn attention and drive business impact. We have a deep bench of talent across sectors and specialty areas, including brand and B2B marketing, healthcare marketing, change management, employee engagement, corporate reputation, crisis management, data and analytics, technology, public affairs, social impact and financial communications.
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
NYC Salary range: 75,000 - 85,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
 
LI-OD1 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.