ABOUT US  MOMENTUM WORLDWIDE  Momentum is an agency of doers. We make the industrys most disruptive, entertaining, shareable, unforgettable experiences for our clients and their fans. We do it by bringing people closer to what they love, in original and unexpected ways. Whether its a physical activation, a virtual experience, or a piece of unique branded content, its all part of what we call the Total Brand Experience — ideas that solve business challenges, through best-in-class Consulting, Strategy, Analytics, Experience Design, and Production. 
We want you to help brands do amazing, unprecedented, wild things, creating experiences that people never forget.
WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM MOMENTUM
At Momentum, we expect our employees to embody our values!Our Core Values of Be One, Do Great Work, Have Fun, Give Back and Grow empower an environment where we challenge ourselves professionally and encourage each other personally.At Momentum, we make our differences matter!Who we are matters.  We choose to hire diverse voices from all walks of life.  We choose to make our culture one where everyone can be their authentic self and speak in their voice. We choose to give each other permission to get things wrong, so we can learn to make them right.  We choose to celebrate the bravery of our peers and we choose to be collectively responsible.At Momentum, we make our actions matter!Making it matter means always choosing the sustainable option. It means designing waste out from the start.  It means working with the right materials. Sourcing locally, innovating off-the-shelf solutions and reusing and repurposing. It means powering smarter. Traveling less. And only working with vendors who do the same. Make it matter means becoming the first experiential agency in the world to receive 2 ISO certifications.At Momentum, we make our people matter!We choose to make your workplace part of your wellbeing. We choose a hybrid work model. We choose no meeting Fridays. We choose to let ourselves take as much Time Well Taken (vacation) as we need. We choose education programs that help our people develop professionally and personally. We choose tuition reimbursement. We choose to match your 401K. We choose to make your financial wellbeing our priority. We choose to make our peoples lives matter.
 
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FORAs Director, Multicultural Strategy, youll lead strategy development and help deliver more meaningful, culture-driven marketing strategies across our top-tier accounts; all of which are starting on their multicultural marketing planning. Youll partner with senior executives, business leadership, DEIBA, creatives, and other disciplines within Momentums network to ensure multicultural strategy is properly reflected across all initiatives and touchpoints. Youll bring inspiration and actionable insights to the fast-evolving brand landscape and help evolve the agencys POV on culture-first plans built on data and insights that will help drive our business. This position will report into the Chief Strategy  Product Officer, and partner closely with the Executive leading Multicultural Business Leadership across Momentums offices.
 
HERES WHAT YOULL DO (RESPONSIBILITIES)

Create the strategy and vision for our multicultural discipline
Partner with stakeholders across the agency to ensure multicultural strategies are incorporated into everyday thinking, actions and product creation
Serve as subject matter expertthought leader and content development stakeholder for all multiculturalculture-first client presentations
Work closely on all new business development and pitches; including multicultural and culture-first expertise and managing the transition of new business wins to teams
Actively stay up to date on culture trends with regards to brands and existingnew partnerships
Works closely across the organization with both internal and external stakeholders regarding all multicultural and culture-first ideology at every stage of the consumer journey and brand experience
Develop a rapport with clients and other agency partners, providing day-to-day client contact, managing the relationship  expectations, and troubleshooting conflicts with senior clients and team members as they arise
Partner with Research, Innovation  Intelligence and Data Analytics to help manage research to best serve each client (includes audits of insight needs on regular basis from internal teams).
Guiding the team in identifying opportunities, strategic thinking and subsequent development of multicultural marketing programs across brand portfolios.
Becomes fluent in (and contributes toward constant improvement of) Momentum capabilities, processes and culture.
Builds trusted, positive relationships with clients
Contributes to annual planning dialogues and decisions.
Contributes to building a team environment that facilitates: mutual respect and partnership across functions; strategic thinking; appropriate risk taking; open lines of communication between team members, on-going performance feedback, professional development, and adherence to agency policy
Works with little supervision to fulfill job responsibilities
Manage and mentor direct report(s); fostering an environment of mutual respect and partnership, strategic thinking, appropriate risk taking, open lines of communication, on-going performance feedback, professional development and adherence to agency policy.
All other duties as assigned
Supporting Momentums values

 
HERES WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR (QUALIFICATIONS  REQUIREMENTS)

Bachelors degree preferred
10 years experience within a marketing agencyconsulting firm with a focus on culture-first or multicultural strategy
Demonstrated ability to be an effective leader in a cross-functional team environment
Thinks clearly and diplomatically when participating in a discussion to field complex or sensitive questions from clientsinternal groups
Ability to identify and define business problems, issues, and demonstrate an intuitive ability to discern what is important.
Strong analytical, presentation and listening skills
Confidence and credibility to hold high-level strategic discussions with senior executives internally and at client level
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
A proven collaborator who is solution oriented, organized and detailoriented
Creative, out-of-the-box thinker who is intellectually curious with a demonstrated interest in learning
Self-motivated, high energy individual who can function in a high demand, performance driven environment
Possess an entrepreneurial spirit with comfort for ambiguity

MOMENTUM BENEFITS

Time Well Taken (our flexible benefits plan that allows you take the time you need)
Hybrid Work model  ability to work from home or in office
Holidays and Winter Break (agency closes between Christmas and New Years holidays)
No meeting Fridays
Curated DEI programs and initiatives
Medical, Dental and Vision plans
Short- and Long-term disability
401(K) with company match
EAP  Employee Assistance Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Work from Home stipend
Referral bonuses
Training and development opportunities
Flexible Spending Account
Health Saving Accounts

At Momentum Worldwide, we value diversity and the uniqueness of all people. We thrive in an inclusive environment, and we recruit, hire and promote without regard to race, gender, age, color, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, ethnic or national origin, citizenship, religion, sexual preference, military or veteran status, marital status, family status, physical or mental disability  or any other legally protected categories as set forth in the applicable state, federal or local laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment including training, compensation, benefits and all other privileges of employment.
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.