Social Copywriter  Content Creator
Chicago, Illinois, United StatesAbout Golin:We are a global public relations agency with one mission: to create change that matters with the best work of our lives. We have redefined the role of public relations with a focus on earning attention for some of the worlds most iconic and beloved brands through brave ideas, bold insights and maximum impact for the profoundly diverse marketplace.
This role is hybrid, with the expectation of 2 days a week in the office working with Golin colleagues, and a 3rd day spent onsite with clients as needed.
Position Overview 
Is social media your love language? Can you rattle off your top 3 favorite brands on social right now and talk about why you follow them? Do you blame TikTok for your ridiculous screentime report? Same.
Golin is hiring our next Social Copywriter who is on their way to becoming a creative superstar. Were looking for someone who has a proven track record of creating engaging brand social media content. Someone who understands trends and can bring them to life for our clients brand followers. We want to read what you write and laugh out loud about it. We want to find someone who is driven by genuine curiosity. We want you to help us shape the tone of voice for two up-and-coming brands.
 
If you went to ad school, thats a plus but certainly not a deal breaker. We dont make ads. We create ideas that people talk about. Ideas like this: https:golin.comwork
 
As the Social Copywriter, you will:

Deliver pithy social first copy that brings the brand voice to life.
Write static and video memes that make people laugh.
Crank out batches of what if statements that lead to strong thought starters.


Conceptualize and write social copy for projects ranging from simple tweets and stories to video scripts and live streams.


Write paid social media campaigns that deliver results.
Create influence campaigns that speak to our target audience.


Create video concepts and scripts that will be handed over to Creators to bring to life.
Consistently contribute to brainstorms with engaging ideas.
Be proactive in pitching on-trend social ideas before clients even know its a trend.
Work collaboratively with a content team consisting of strategists, media managers, designers, and creators.
Have a great eye, cause writers arent off the hook for strong visuals. You know when to let the pictures do the talking.
Make observations about whats working and whats not and offer solutions when we need to pivot. 

You are:

3 years into your career and are able to bring relevant experience to this role.
110 social. You must speak internet fluently, from TikTok to Facebook, and know how to start a trend, not just jump on one.
A conceptual writer focused on your craft. Youre a master of headlines, tone of voice, and storytelling. You can make the complicated seem simple.
Someone with a killer sense of humor but can be just as creative when you turn it off.
Versed in the rules of writing, grammar, and punctuation  and know when to break them.
Not afraid to pick up a camera or phone and do a little creating yourself.
Detail-oriented with a conscientious approach to your work and able to balance multiple projects.
Collaborative with cross-functional teams and live up to Golins values.
You have the ability to channel diverse cultures in your writing.
EnglishSpanish (bilingual) a plus

Golin Perks: 
To reward our employees for creating the best work of their lives, Golin offers the following perks we strongly urge our employees to utilize:

Flexible time off
Extended Leave
Monthly wellness stipend
Tuition reimbursement
401K matching program
Training and career pathing
Community service opportunities

Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.
Salary range: 55,000 - 95,000
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
LI-KW1 
LI-CP1
 
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.