About Golin
We are a global public relations agency with one mission: to make the best work of our lives and to create change that matters. We have redefined the role of public relations with a focus on earning attention for some of the worlds most iconic and beloved brands through brave ideas, bold insights and maximum impact for the profoundly diverse marketplace. To learn more about Golin visit: golin.com.
Why Work for Us?
We are 1,600 bright and eager individuals collaborating in more than 40 cities around the globe. Some in offices, some working remotely. Regardless of our geographies, our passion for collaboration is the 1 reason clients and colleagues enjoy working with us.
Collaboration isnt new for usit started 60 years ago when our founder insisted that personal egos be set aside for the greater good of the agency. He knew great work starts with inspired teamwork. And inspired teamwork is how we get clients and colleagues to join us and stay for decades, and how we launch brands, build careers, win awards like PR Weeks Global Agency of the Year  three years running - all while creating everlasting friendships.
At Golin, we Go All In. We are ready to Go All In for you
Because we promise that together, we will make the best work of our lives and create change that matters. If this mission sounds like something you could wake up to every morning, then read on.
WHAT YOULL DO: 
Were looking for a Senior Account Associate to become a key member of the agencys Social Impact  Inclusion practice  a team of subject experts who lead Golins work in sustainability, social impact and inclusiveDEI communications. You will support two of Golin top social impact and sustainability accounts to create and execute social good strategies centered in thought leadership and reputation management. Youll work with a top team of specialists across digital, creative, strategy, analytics and earned media to manage the business of the account and execute campaigns for these clients.
You are high energy, have an utter commitment to quality, love managing the details, are always a step ahead in what needs to be done, and have a zeal for making the world a better place.
This role is hybrid, with the expectation of 2 days a week in the office working with Golin colleagues, and a 3rd day spent onsite with clients as needed. 
 You will:

Participate in client and account team interaction, assist in creating client meeting and call reports, activity reports, status documents, and results reports for agency team
Manage day-to-day activities across several work streams, owning trackers and workback documents to ensure the team is on track, on time, and delivers against objectives
Demonstrate strong writing and analytical skills, working collaboratively with our writers and designers on communications documents
Research and vet major events and conferences, and shape recommendations for clients to help drive their thought leadership plans
Scour sustainability and social impact news and newsletters to shape weekly digests for clients on trends leading their industries
Provide basic client counsel on tactical matters with supervision and develop client-facing activity reports and weekly status update documents
Attend client meetings, observe client and account team interaction
Manage vendors and purchasing process
Have a strong eye for detail and quality control of ideas, client and team correspondence and plans, and media materials
Develop timelines, budgets and staffing plans for all projects and ensure team adheres to them
Support the development and execution of integrated communications campaigns including events and experiential activities for media and influencers
Develop campaign wrap reports that celebrate our successes and results
Produce a variety of client reports, conduct competitive analysis and develop research briefs

GROWTH OPPORTUNTIES:
In this role, you will have direct access to seasoned professionals who - will not only inspire your work - but who will partner with you to grow your career at Golin for the long term. One thing youll learn about Golin is people stay for both the people and the agencys willingness to help you explore your passions. This role provides the exciting opportunity to:

Gain exposure to award-winning work across the agency
Work inside a growing practice dedicated to helping clients be changemakers for a better world
Learn the nuance of social impact, sustainability, and how to help brands create programming that addresses some of the most critical social issues in culture
Obtain more autonomy to manage projects from start to finish
Get more face time with clients

WHAT YOU HAVE:

Bachelors degree with a focus on public relations, communications, marketing, advertising, or journalism
2 years of relevant experience
Strong communicator both written and verbal with the ability to draft reports and materials
Ability to manage multiple competing demands and deadlines
Outstanding initiative and obsession with logistics and details to deliver against client goals
Ability to manage up to keep senior leaders apprised of progress, deadlines and help to foresee potential roadblocks
Basic understanding of, and interest in, social impact, DEI communications or social impact
Experience integrating teams and bringing together different skill sets to achieve a common goal
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite
A collaborative style
Optimistic energy and willingness to go above and beyond in a team environment

GOLIN PERKS:
Trying to create the best work of our lives and change that matters can be both physically and mentally draining, which is why Golin offers the following perks we strongly urge our employees to utilize:

Flexible paid time off
Monthly wellness stipend
Monthly tech stipend
Work from home flexibility
Extended Leave
Tuition reimbursement
401K matching program
Training and career pathing
Community service opportunities

Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations. 
Salary range: 50,000-70,000
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status. 
LI-CP1
LI-KW1We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.