

Director, Creative Strategy

About Us

Virgo Health works for pharmaceutical, biotech, and device companies to inform and educate healthcare professionals about the latest developments in clinical research and therapeutic approaches. 
We leverage our meetings, digital, and interactive expertise to understand whats easy and relevant for healthcare professionals to engage with. We tailor our content and design it to offer choice and active participation. 
Real, relevant, and human.

Job Overview
We are looking for an exceptional Director of Creative Strategy with a passion for creativity and clarity. Your role will focus on establishing the creative direction that ensures our healthcare clients achieve their business goals. Through your work, you will demonstrate strategic expertise, breakthrough insights, and implementable plans that align with client goals and associated budgets. 
Internally, you will help drive the strategic evolution of Virgo Health. You will monitor and share intelligence regarding cultural, marketing, and digital trends. Your counsel will inspire the innovative thinking needed to keep us executing leading edge solutions for our clients.
We are seeking a curious, highly motivated self-starter who can deconstruct and analyze client challenges to generate the insights that unlock powerful creative solutions. We want people who love presenting their own work and are willing to collaborate with others to hone it to perfection. 
Our ideal candidate will have advanced knowledge of industry standard software and tools including the full suite Microsoft office. Familiarity with the big three Adobe apps (Id, Ai  Ps) is a bonus.
A minimum of 7 years in a fast-paced studio environment is desirable, as is the ability to work from your own initiative along with excellent time management. Experience of working with healthcare clients is a must. A strong portfolio demonstrating your skills as a strategic thinker and communicator will be a requirement for consideration.
Core Responsibilities
       Maintaining excellent client relationships  understanding of clients key business and challenges
       Provide analysis, insights, and counsel for program planning and new business opportunities 
       Identify, develop and oversee the delivery of unique and innovative strategies to deliver against client objectives
       Produce executable, relevant plans for a wide range of media and platforms, especially in-person, video, social and digital experiences
       Build KPI frameworks to underpin and measure the success of program implementation
       Generate intelligence regarding healthcare, cultural, consumer and market trends to promote continual internal innovation
       Support sell in of ideas with client-ready presentations
       Feed into creative briefs alongside the creative and client leads 
       Work in concert with a wide range of departments including client services, scientific, creative, design, digital and motion 
       Work effectively with external vendors and internal colleagues to complete projects within timeframe and budget
ExperienceSkills Required
       Outstanding research and analytical skills 
       Strategic insight and sensitivity to trends in healthcare, popular culture, and design
       Focus on producing actionable plans that deliver against client objectives
       Exceptional verbal and written communication skills
       Great presentation skills
       Ability to prioritize and work within tight timeframes
       Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office (Powerpoint, Word, Excel)
       Familiarity with Adobe CS (InDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator)
       Highly motivated to work from own initiative
       Attention to detail
       Organized and logical
       Confident and proactive
       Adaptable

Level of Experience
Minimum 7 years of studioagencyin-house experience
Qualification
Diploma or degree in scientific, creative, or related subject
Virgo Characteristics


       Team player
       Reliable
       Enthusiastic
       Conscientious
       Proactive
       Self-motivated
       Multitasker
       Organized
       Detail focused.

Key Performance Indicators
       Time management; meeting deadlines
       Quality of work
       Anecdotal client and team feedback
       Annual performance objectives and performance appraisal
 Salary: 100,000-180,000
Virgo has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.
Virgo is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.