
Senior Vice President, Influence Strategy 
 
Responsibilities: 

Earns the trust of senior level and C-suite clients with strategic counsel on approaches to influencer marketing  across the spectrum of identification, compensation, analytics and risk management.
Play a lead role in the agencys Influencer center of excellence in our Eastern Region, covering NY and Boston, which develops and manages key relationships with influencer networks and content creators, and institutionalizes a set of best-in-class tools and processes for identification, contract negotiation, content planning, measurement and ROI analysis
Experience with Health-related influencer programs is a plus as much of our growth in the region is centered around Rx and OTC health brands. The SVP, Influence Strategy will partner closely with our regulatory center of excellence
Design and establish strong influencer marketing teams on major client engagements
Develop a deep understanding of our clients businesses and target audiences, and working in close collaboration with our Creative, Insights and Client Experience teams, lead the creation and execution of integrated multi-platform campaigns that drive meaningful results
Build social influencer strategies cross-functionally to align strategic efforts and priorities, and able to develop strategic outputs with little to no oversight. Collaborate closely with strategy, creative, paid and larger integrated agency teams to deliver program initiatives
Closely partner with social platform and digital SMEs to stay at the forefront of technology trends and emerging platforms to champion social and digital innovations and continuously further our offerings to break through social clutter and breakthrough in earned media
Collaborate effectively with inter-agency teams to develop holistic plans and fully integrated strategies for our clients
Lead a high-performing team; mentor and develop junior team members

 
Qualifications: 

9 years of experience, preferably within an agency environment
Strong understanding of the overall influencer marketing landscape
Deep expertise in managing influencer programs and leading strong influencer marketing teams
Strong knowledge of social platforms, including paid amplification and campaign optimization
Familiarity with a broad set of social, media and influencer analytics tools
Detail-oriented, multi-tasker with excellent time-management skills
Strong written, verbal communication, negotiation and presentation skills
Experience leading a team is an asset

 
Is this you? 
 
Be a driver of culture: Must have true passion and understanding of pop culture and are part of the community (be it music, gaming, fashion, food, internet culture, etc) This job is the intersection of creative, strategy, marketing, technology, content creation and production; your energy must be driven by your lifestyle. You must influence creative ideations: from the ideas presented, to the influencers selected, to the content created, all the way down to the language used in post copy. 
 
Have high cultural competencies: Understand the role and importance of diversity, equity  inclusion (DEI) You must be culturally vigilant with the ability to understand, communicate with and effectively interact with people across cultures.  
Have Gravitas in the influencer space and skin-in-the-game:  Deep understanding of the influencer landscape is required. Proven ability to build, speak and grow relationships with change agents and cultural makers (celebrities, influencers, artists, thought leaders) directly or via their agents. You must be open to a public-facing role; willingness to speak publicly about influencer trends when opportunities present itself to the WS Influencer Team. 
 
Know how to identify and manage diverse vendors and partners: in an industry where technologies (saas platforms, AI, managed services, etc) are popping on the daily, at high volume, no less, you must have experience working with RFPs and meeting with leading tech companies to understand their services and identify their uniqueness (and keep up with their ongoing changes in our WS influencer database) 
 
Be ready to lead at any moment: working with the Influence Lead, NA, you will learn to step up to the plate and lead effectively in the clients and agencys best interests while also helping to cultivate, mentor and coach mid to junior staff members on the influencer team.  
 
Hustle: identify influencer opportunities (organic or new) to ensure influencer marketing continues to be a strong marketing discipline and revenue driver on your assigned account or at Weber Shandwick.  
 
Think like a lawyer: risk management is big to us. you understand how important it is to follow best practices (FDA guidelines, FTC updates, platform requirements), continuously build our COE by partnering with DXTRA legal and finance to ensure risk and liabilities are reduced and tamed for every campaign you touch. 
 
Have experience building engaged audiences: on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, TikTok, Clubhouse and other distribution platforms.  
 
Know how to build a story: you will build client presentations that tell smart, compelling stories, never rinse and repeat which requires you to be highly motivated, energetically charged and inspired at all times. 
 
Be curious, always: You are willing to learn a little bit of everything, and open to take on anything. 
 
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

NYC Salary range: 180,000 - 245,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-KG1We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.