
Manager, Analytics
 
We Are Seeking:
The Manager, Analytics will join the New York Global Intelligence team to focus on delivering insightful and impactful analytics core to the marketing and communications objectives of our clients. Ideal candidates will be excited about evangelizing for the analytics discipline and fluent in the various technologies, platforms and best practices that define the online communications and marketing space.
The position will directly report to and work with the New York office but may support teams across all North American practice areas. This position will be dedicated to several of Weber Shandwicks largest and most important client relationships.  
In this role, you will be a key contributor to Weber Shandwicks Global Intelligence team, tasked with implementing and developing innovative measurement strategies, leading business intelligence efforts, mentoring a team of junior team members and executing analyses designed to drive deep understanding of consumer behavior and communications performance.
Responsibilities:

Work with Global Intelligence teammates to create visually compelling reporting and insights that allow client to easily evaluate media and site performance relative to business objectives.
Work with data analysts to optimize statistical techniques and plan for ongoing reports.
Develop report structure, data visualization and insights to deliver strategic recommendations.
Partner with cross-functional teams to design and execute media and siteside AB tests.
Work with team of business analysts to interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniques and data storytelling.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Maintain strong knowledge of both well-established and new-to-market digital marketing analytics tools and platforms. Use that knowledge to continuous inform and enhance the work.
Evangelize the use of data to inform decision-making at all levels internally and externally with clients and other agency partners.
Fully utilize tools and platforms designed to automate and accelerate data collection, integration and analysis. Examples: Google Analytics, Domo, Google Data Studio, Tableau, etc.
Develop and apply strategic measurement frameworks to form the basis of ongoing performance assessment and optimization across paid, earned and owned channels.

Basic Qualifications

Strong capacity to translate data and research into strategic insights and recommendations
3-5 years relevant full-time experience; preferably in Audience Insights, Marketing Science, Marketing Analytics, Data Science or Performance Marketing fields.
Passion for working with data and deriving insights to answer client business questions.
Experience with with data visualization tools including but not limited to: Tableau, Google Data Studio, Domo, Excel, etc.
Able to leverage scripting to automate analyses, data cleansing or data integration tasks.
Experience with relational databases and programming languages such as SQL, R or Python. delete
Strong foundation in statistics and experimental design. delete
Ability to work independently and in an integrated team setting.
Bachelors degree preferred, Masters is a plus.
Strong communication and written skills.
Commitment to learning and the drive to take initiative.
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
Comfort with working in and contributing to a fast-paced, team environment.
Desire and capacity to take full ownership of work tracks and mentor more junior staff.
Experience with social listening platforms andor consumer survey data required.
Weber Shandwick is a leading global marketing and communications network that delivers next-generation solutions to brands, businesses and organizations in major markets around the world.

We push beyond category convention, pairing data-driven insights with creative prowess to deliver game-changing ideas that earn attention and drive business impact. We have a deep bench of talent across sectors and specialty areas, including brand and B2B marketing, healthcare marketing, change management, employee engagement, corporate reputation, crisis management, data and analytics, technology, public affairs, social impact and financial communications.
 

NYC Salary range: 90,000 - 105,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
 

Weber Shandwick is proud to The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 

Medical 
Dental 
Vision 
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit 

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-OD1
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.