
Associate Creative Director
Were looking for an Associate Creative Director with a background in art direction and creative direction who will help manage large-scale accounts. Were seeking someone who is a highly conceptual problem solver, an articulate presenter of ideas, a builder of strong client relationships, and a storyteller who will convey our clients messaging in new and ground-breaking ways. Youll have the chance to join a team that creates award-winning work for national and global brands largely across social impact and public healthcare, across social, traditional, and earned media including clients in the healthcarepharmaceutical vertical.
Youll be someone who values mentoring and managing teams of junior creatives, leading by example, with a keen eye for organization and detail. Youll motivate the team and keep them focused on the task at hand  but youll still love getting your hands dirty managing the creative process and work alongside them. You will work closely with project management, production, and account teams to help keep the work running smoothly.
 
RESPONSIBILITIES

Generate creative solutions across all existing and emerging platforms including: product launches, digital advertising, social campaigns, PR stunts, online videos, TV ads, radio ads and a wide variety of brand touch-points
Cultivate an inclusive culture within the team that values trust, honest and team accountability towards defined goals and results
Execute work in a variety of conceptual disciplines, generating big ideas while demonstrating comprehension of executional ones.
Push creative boundaries and propose brave ideas
Manage the overall quality of the creative concept and its execution on assigned programs
In partnership with the Creative DirectorExecutive Creative Director, continually lead projects to innovate the process, the ideas, and the strategies to grow accounts
Find solutions that will have a business impact on clients as well as a cultural impact on consumers
Communicate and be a storyteller for your teams conceptual and directional choices
With the Creative DirectorExecutive Creative Director, drive the collaborative efforts of the projects creative team
Continually develop practices and processes to lead, inspire, innovate, and harness new ways of thinking

 
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS

A strong portfolio of work that demonstrates conceptual big thinking
Values teamwork, inclusivity, honesty, trust and team accountability
7 to 10 years experience as a creator, managing projects as a part of a team
A love for art and design, but an eye for great writing.
A real grasp of what makes for compelling work  whether on social platforms, in video, or in big earned media activations and ideas that get talked about, reported on, and pointed to by other agencies with an I wish wed done that envy
The ability to concept across a broad range of media, in a variety of tones and voices
Solid knowledge of the marketing industry at large; an ability and a desire to adapt to the changing landscape of technology
Proven leadership skills managing multiple projectstasksteams of varying complexities, meeting deadlines, and working well under pressure
Video production experience  whether for online video, TV, etc.  and the ability to storyboard and art direct concise scripts accordingly
An authentic attitude geared towards positive, solutions-focused action that always comes from a place of respect and inclusion
Exceptional internal and external communication skills, someone who can present and uphold their work clearly and confidently
Experience with social media platforms and a working knowledge of their best practices
An interest in staying on top of emerging platforms, mobile design,  development trends

 
ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

Prior healthcare and social impact experience a plus.
Education in advertising design, writing or conceptual thinking is preferred.
Ability to work quickly, efficiently, and accurately within all required aspects of the Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator) as well as presentation software (PowerPoint); any AfterEffects animation skills will be utilized.
Bonus skills: illustration, photography, retouching, AfterEffects animation skills, videography, HTML.

NOTE: If you are selected for an interview, please come prepared to discuss and showcase your design skills, and walk through your conceptualstrategic creative approach to assignments (show us how your brain works). Use whatever work or case studies necessary to best represent these areas of expertise.
 
Powell Tate is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. We welcome and encourage black  indigenous people, people of color, caregivers, people with disabilities, foreign nationals, veterans, gender non-conforming people and people from other diverse backgrounds to apply. 
Powell Tate recruits qualified applicants and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationcmgrp.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.

Weber Shandwick is proud to The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 

Medical 
Dental 
Vision 
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit 


 
ABOUT US
Weber Shandwick is a leading global communications and marketing services firm in 78 cities with a network extending to 128 cities around the world. The firms diverse team of strategists, analysts, producers, designers, developers and campaign activators has won the most prestigious awards in the world for innovative, creative approaches and impactful work. Weber Shandwick was the only public relations agency included on the Advertising Age Agency A-list in 2014 and 2015 and the only PR firm designated an A-List Agency Standout in 2017 and 2018. Weber Shandwick was honored as PRWeeks Global Agency of the Year in 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, The Holmes Reports Global Agency of the Year in 2010, 2012, 2014, 2015 and 2017, and The Holmes Reports Global Digital Agency of the Year in 2016. The firm deploys deep expertise across sectors and specialty areas, including consumer marketing, corporate reputation, healthcare, technology, public affairs, financial services, employee engagement, social impact, financial communications and crisis management, using proprietary social, digital and analytics methodologies. Weber Shandwick is part of the Interpublic Group (NYSE: IPG). For more information, visit http:www.webershandwick.com.  
 
LI-KG1
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.