
The Overview:
Are you a creative individual who is passionate about developing and implementing integrated PR strategies that utilize the full scope of the communications mix, including media relations, influencer outreach, community partnerships and events?
RCPMK is seeking an Account Director to play an important role for a leading toy and game company account managing both general market and multicultural programs.
Were looking for someone with an expertise and passion within the consumerlifestyle space. In this role, youll have a seat at the table, crafting national strategy and programs with an integrated marketing team. The ideal candidate should understand the importance of entertaining and connecting generations of fans through the wonder of storytelling and exhilaration of play.
As a leader, you recognize that excellent client service is the key to our success and that drives your daily interactions. You enjoy leading and developing an account team, helping to craft the skills of rising stars.
The Fine Print:

Implement programs that resonate with diverse, multicultural consumer segments
Deliver thoughtful and creative programming that resonates with major lifestyle, entertainment, general consumer and multicultural media
Advise on story angles to elevate brand positioning
Build, lead and develop engaged and diverse teams; serve as an important mentor to mid- and junior-level team members, fostering respect and collaboration within the team
Manage multiple projects and issues seamlessly; encourage effective delegation of project results
Assess program efficiency ensuring ROI and efficient use of client budget
Accountable for quality control and review of all planning decks, recaps, status reports, work back schedules, and overall project management

The Needs:

8 years of relevant work experience; agency experience in consumer category is a requirement
Proven experience running day-to-day client service and project management of large, multi-channel brands with a wide range of internal and external partners
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment and prioritize most urgent client needs
Proficiency with Microsoft ExcelSharePointGoogle Sheets and ability to build processesorganize data for client outputs
Experience engaging with mid-to senior-level clients
Outstanding judgment when working with diverse media outlets, team members, client contacts, and vendors
Very organized with unfailing attention to detail
Excellent written and verbal skills with the ability to craft solid plans

Why Us:
RCPMK is the original entertainment and culture agency! Our purpose is to drive cultural relevance  engagement for talent, brands, and content creators. Our vision is to inspire communities through cultural connection. Our Values: Be Human, Be Purposeful, Lead with Passion, Be Open Minded, Be Connected.
Our peoples well-being is one of our highest priorities! A 1pm finish on Fridays, flexible paid time off, and our Body, Mind, Soul program are here to help us all balance our busy lives.
We are a sociable bunch, we make sure we find lots of excuses to come together both virtually and in person through our many company events, hosted by our social committee and employee resource groups.
To support your career development, we have a wealth of internal and external learning opportunities. Tuition reimbursement is also available for those that are interested in continued education.
It is not just about living in the here and now, so we also help you plan for your future with a 401k, a stock purchase plan, generous paid family leave, fertility, and adoption benefits.
With offices in Los Angeles, New York, and London, RCPMK is part of the Octagon Sports and Entertainment Network.
Salary: 80,000.00- 100,000.00 annually
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.