
Are you a savvy media strategist with a genuine passion for beauty PR? A skilled marketer with integrated campaign expertise? Youre constantly in the know on the latest pop-culture and beauty trends? Have relationships with beauty  lifestyle media? Then we want to hear from you!
Weber Shandwick is more than a leading global PR agency  were an engagement agency and were working in and around the cutting edge of the new media landscape. Were storytellers, content creators, and we engage people IN the story. We employ the best in the industry and beyond, working across sectors including consumer, healthcare, technology, public affairs, crisis management, social impact, and digitalsocial media. Our success is built on a deep commitment to client service and to our people. We embrace creativity and collaboration, and we engage stakeholders in new and creative ways to build brands and reputations.
Weber Shandwicks New York office is seeking an enthusiastic and skilled Account Director with deep beauty PR experience on the Integrated Media Team. The right candidate will have excellent press contacts, can develop and implement media strategies, and can demonstrate a high degree of initiative and creativity when proactively identifying and proposing new opportunities for their brands. This candidate is an articulate presenter, possesses exceptional writing and communication skills, is competent at media analysis and must have an established understanding of PR, social and influencer marketing. 
Responsibilities

Drive day-to-day client relations and serve as a client counsel for all earned media inquiries  opportunities 
Develop and lead storytelling and media outreach strategies
Successfully execute long and short-term communications plans by generating coverage in key publications, ensuring KPIs are met andor exceeded
Develop press materials including but not limited to: creative, eye-catching media pitches; key messaging and FAQ documents; informative press releases
Proactive about developing ideas for media outreach and pitch efforts; Brainstorm creative and effective ways to generate additional press coverage to enhance PR campaigns in addition to those lighter moments between campaigns
Provide insight and counsel on emerging trends and online media developments as they affect the beauty industry, public relations and marketing
Maintain regular day-to-day contact and close relationships with key press, particularly NY based beauty press and influencers 
Managementor the work of junior team members and is able to coordinate with integrated agency teams 
Efficient and organized with excellent time management skills

Basic Qualifications

Education: Bachelors Degree (preferably in communications, marketing, journalism, international relations, or a related field)
A minimum of 7 years of communications experience (previous PRmarketing agency experience preferred)
Must have PR experience working on beauty brands
Excellent communicationpresentation skills; verbal and written
Strong writing, project management and organizational skills; and ability to multi-task to meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment without sacrificing quality
Experience working on fully integrated campaigns that incorporate social and digital media, content, and influencer partnerships
Ability to collaborate and coordinate work across strategy, creative and production teams

Weber Shandwick is a leading global marketing and communications network that delivers next-generation solutions to brands, businesses and organizations in major markets around the world.
Led by world-class strategic and creative thinkers and activators, we have won some of the most prestigious awards in the industry. Weber Shandwick was named to Ad Ages A-List in 2020 and Best Places to Work in 2019. The firm earned 25 Lions at the 2019 Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity.
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

NYC Salary range: 100,000 - 130,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.