Senior Strategist
Location: Nashville, TN or Remote
Department: insights - Strategy
Years Experience: 6 - 8 years
Reports to: VP, Strategy or above
The Position
The essence of any strategic role at Revive is to solve our clients business problems by developing breakthrough strategies (often by using compelling insight-driven research) and focusing the output of agency in a way that leverages its creativity and expertise to produce a positive and measurable impact.
All of the strategic roles are in service of this, and the different levels of seniority within the department reflect differences in things such as: experience and time in the job, technical ability, management and mentoring skills, developing a specific expertise within the discipline and a broader contribution to the Revive vision, values and business performance.
We want good eggs in the department. We dont like bad apples. We want givers not takers. We want enthusiasm, open mindedness and thought leadership (we should be one the engine rooms of thought for the agency). We shouldnt be scared of calculated risks or changes; in fact we should actively seek them out. We are champions and ambassadors for our craft. We are interesting and interested. We want people to want to hang out with us!
How might this show up in this role? The Senior Strategist should be able to take the ball and run with it, generating inputs and insights that can and will lead to great strategy and creative solutions. They will bring the team, the clients, along with them on the strategic journey. Most importantly, they understand that this is a team sport, and know when they need the support of others to do the job great.
Someone who has the right balance of both the technical skills that it takes to be a great Senior Strategist but also the human skills will exceed in this role and expand their skills and expertise along the way.
Direct experience of working in healthcare, or a strong desire to work in healthcare and willingness to work hard at understanding the industry.
We want someone who is ambitious to move their career forward and make a real impact with clients and in the agency while expanding their subject matter expertise in health and technical capabilities in creative and engagement strategy.
The Commitment
At Revive, our work is rooted in understanding people of all races, ethnicities, gender expressions, sexual identities, abilities, and life experiences. To do so, we foster a culture that generates inclusive work that contributes to health equity for all. That is why we lean into the honest conversations that teach us to recognize that the work of diversity, equity and inclusion is never done and that it must guide everything we do. We commit to this essential work because it is our moral bond, our business imperative, and the foundation of brilliant, resonant work for our clients.
The Responsibilities
Includes, but not limited to the following:

Ability to leaddrive strategic engagements, either on smaller accountsclients or projects, OR leadingdriving components of parts of larger client assignments or accounts with limited oversight.
Capabilities and success in:

Understanding clients and identifying their business issues and challenges
Running research projects
Identifying compelling insights
Creating game-changing strategies
Running group work sessions
Developing persuasive presentations for clients
Writing stunning creative briefs
Running briefings in an inspirational way that encourages creativity
Ability to review creative work
Creation of thorough measurement programs


Experience in leading a strategic assignment in a collaborative manner that identifies the right answers and rallies those needed to move the assignment forward to completion
Expertise in development of deep relationships and collaborative mentality with key members of the Revive team including but not limited to:

Client Experience team; particularly the account lead
Creative team members


Experience and success in showing up strongly with clients with an ability to be persuasive  both written and in spoken word  as you carry them along through a strategic project.
Foundationally able to build a client relationship where you sever as a trusted advisor
Enthusiastic about Revive business growth thorough partnership with our Growth team on new business ventures, and when asked, happy to be part of a team that pitches new business.
Ambassador of the strategy department both internally and externally with an understanding of how your role drives the agency forward from a strategic perspective
Direct experience of working in healthcare, or a strong desire to work in healthcare and willingness to work hard at understanding the industry.

Success Looks Like

The innate satisfaction of defining a problem and using insight, creative strategy and creative thinking to help solve it
Feeling the momentum of being part of a winning team
Having a client compliment you for your work and strategic abilities
I was running into some roadblocks but as able to loop in my peers for support and we were able to create a top notch deliverable for the client!
I identified a client issue and worked with the account lead to proactively find a solution to the problem, present it to the client, and gain respect as a trusted advisor along the way!
I was part of a new business pitch supporting the strategic side of our offering and we won the account!

The Essentials

Ability to travel for client workstrategy as needed
6  years full time employment, at least 2-3 years in a strategy, or strategy related, role.
Hunger for growth and learning in the strategy, creative, and healthcare space
Ability to leaddrive projects and get buy-in from agency team
Ability to inspire and persuade
A curiosity of new ideas, fostering of connections, and seeing beyond what others see
A love of creative thinking, brainstorming, and collaboration
Ability to use insights and creativity to solve business challenges and understanding the business side of the role
A team player that is open to discussion, feedback, and debate
InterpersonalSoft Skills: Communication both written and verbal, Negation skills, Persuasive, Collaborative, Problem Solver, Self-Starter, Service Minded Approach, Relationship building, hard worker, learner
Comfortable working in an open office environment
Ability to multitask, and delegate, working in a high-volume environment

Our Values
Be Bold.
Respect.
Own it.
Grow, always.
Revive is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Revive recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.