ABOUT US  MOMENTUM WORLDWIDE Momentum is an agency of doers. We make the industrys most disruptive, entertaining, shareable, unforgettable experiences for our clients and their fans. We do it by bringing people closer to what they love, in original and unexpected ways. Whether its a physical activation, a virtual experience, or a piece of unique branded content, its all part of what we call the Total Brand Experience — ideas that solve business challenges, through best-in-class Consulting, Strategy, Analytics, Experience Design, and Production. 
We want you to help brands do amazing, unprecedented, wild things, creating experiences that people never forget.
 
WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM MOMENTUM 
At Momentum, we expect our employees to embody our values!Our Core Values of Be One, Do Great Work, Have Fun, Give Back and Grow empower an environment where we challenge ourselves professionally and encourage each other personally.
 
At Momentum, we make our differences matter!Who we are matters.  We choose to hire diverse voices from all walks of life.  We choose to make our culture one where everyone can be their authentic self and speak in their voice. We choose to give each other permission to get things wrong, so we can learn to make them right.  We choose to celebrate the bravery of our peers and we choose to be collectively responsible.
 
At Momentum, we make our actions matter!Making it matter means always choosing the sustainable option. It means designing waste out from the start.  It means working with the right materials. Sourcing locally, innovating off-the-shelf solutions and reusing and repurposing. It means powering smarter. Traveling less. And only working with vendors who do the same. Make it matter means becoming the first experiential agency in the world to receive 2 ISO certifications.
 
At Momentum, we make our people matter!We choose to make your workplace part of your wellbeing. We choose a hybrid work model. We choose no meeting Fridays. We choose to let ourselves take as much Time Well Taken (vacation) as we need. We choose education programs that help our people develop professionally and personally. We choose tuition reimbursement. We choose to match your 401K. We choose to make your financial wellbeing our priority. We choose to make our peoples lives matter.
WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FORAs a Project Manager for Momentum, your job is a really big deal! You will be expected to have the appropriate resources in the necessary place at the right time to enable us to continue raising the creative bar to produce award winning work  on time, on budget and as efficiently as possible. From refining process, project communications, defining resource needs to ensuring financial success for the agency, the Project Manager is the backbone of every project. You, without question, must be able to manage both large and small multi-faceted projectsaccountscampaigns or multiple projects at the same time, in addition to managing a team of one or more Project Managers.
HERES WHAT YOULL DO (RESPONSIBILITIES)

Responsible for the successful execution of large-scale, complex projects across a system of work, while finding the most efficient path to completion for all tasks. Consistently demonstrates a mastery of leadership skills by managing interdisciplinary teams toward project completion. Oversees and manages Project manager teammates in authoring and managing detailed and comprehensive project plans
Meticulously track costs across multiple large-scale and complex systems of work ensuring: accurate time reporting, proper fee application, appropriate resource assignments, accurate project projections and the ability to speak to project variances. Accountable for partnering with Account leadership to ensure all variances follow proper change management protocol
Accountable for the accuracy of all project documentation within your system of work, ensuring proper use of agency systems and adherence to agency process
Partner with resource management to maximize every departments function within the agency, while understanding the collective resource needs across a system of work and the impact it has on the resourcing landscape. Continuously alleviate resource conflicts and identify needs for flex staffing where necessary
Demonstrate strong executive summary skills when communicating issues of risk and risk mitigation to senior and executive teammates, while maintaining a solutions-oriented approach
Fully understand agency scopes and estimates and be responsible for accurately identifying work that is committed versus work that should be incrementally charged. Partner with the PM team and senior leadership to meticulously track the financial health of a system of work, identifying and managing all scope creep
Partner with senior leadership to outline resource allocation changes necessary for accommodating changing client needs across the system of work. Clearly and concisely communicate resolution plans to executive leadership
Work with department leads to fully understand their needs and suggest improvements for how we as an agency can work better. Champion any changes to our process as they are finalized
Responsible for directly managing and mentoring junior project management staff, authoring individual development plans for each teammate designed specifically to maximize each teammates growth potential and value to the agency
Support agency culture through leadership integrity, transparent communication and demonstration of Momentums core values: Be One, Do Great Work, Have Fun, Give Back and Grow
Supporting Momentums values
All other duties as assigned

HERES WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR (QUALIFICATIONS  REQUIREMENTS)

Bachelors degree preferred
8 years of project management experience, preferably in an agency setting
Expertise in MS Office applications, Adobe Acrobat Professional and the components of project scheduling and PM workflow web-based tools
A strong understanding of the steps and processes involved in managing and completing a wide variety of production-related projects (print, digital, broadcast, integrated content, live events)
Ability to operate effectively and autonomously across multiple teams in situations of ambiguity
Ability to manage internal teams with professionalism, diligence and finesse
Proven track record of training, supervising and mentoring direct-reports
Self-motivated, quick and assertive
Organized, resilient, flexible and proactive
Extremely detailed oriented
Exceptional time management skills
Excellent writing and communication skills
Cool, calm, collected and collaborative

SALARY RANGEThe salary range for this position is 110,000 to 125,000. Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; location and region; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
At Momentum Worldwide, we value diversity and the uniqueness of all people. We thrive in an inclusive environment, and we recruit, hire and promote without regard to race, gender, age, color, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, ethnic or national origin, citizenship, religion, sexual preference, military or veteran status, marital status, family status, physical or mental disability  or any other legally protected categories as set forth in the applicable state, federal or local laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment including training, compensation, benefits and all other privileges of employment.
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.
LI-KD LI-HYBRIDWe make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.