
THE JOB  Account Executive, Business Development Operations 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT  Responsible for new-from-new business and brand communications.
Were looking for our next playmaker on Octagons New Business team to join a fast-paced team on supporting the agencys sales and marketing activity.  
The New Business Account Executive will have an innate curiosity for the business of the sports  entertainment industry, and be comfortable wearing several hats when no two days look the same. You possess strong organizational, research, and analytical skills and a sophisticated capacity to project manage across the organization to both request and secure needed resources.  
Youll be responsible for staying on the pulse of what is going on in the industry as we look for our next big play. This playmaker will lead our prospecting database management, track engagements with prospects, be our go-to for brand and competitive research, and develop point-of-view documents for our internal team. 
This isnt your normal sales role  our business development approach is strategic and relationship focused. Youll engage with members of the organization at every level and support our Octagon Marketing and Event efforts periodically.  
THE WORK YOULL DO

Support the development and on-going management of a prospecting database, working with the Director of New Business on proactive outreach through desk research, industry updates, key contact research and networking opportunities
Be the go-to for research assignments and play a key role in developing our quarterly agency competitive report
Lead administrative operations for the team  scheduling meetings, writing meeting agendas and notes, and proofreading documents and support project management efforts for inbound and outbound opportunities
Maintain and update a catalogued database of case studies, along with stock or customized response information (e.g., Octagon capabilities, client roster, property experience etc.) that can be quickly accessed by Octagon colleagues
Manage reporting and analysis documents on new business and marketing activity
Support the sourcing, writing, and editing of our weekly internal agency newsletter
Support a core team of senior executives with new business target research on brands and industries 
Assist our marketing efforts through content calendar planning, sourcing information for external posts, and coordination on marketing events
Support the RFPRFI response process, collaborating with various Octagon constituencies (Octagon Account Teams, Creative, Strategy, Experiential, Property Rights Consulting, Finance, Legal etc.) to project manage the development of custom responses
Support periodic event planning needs, supporting event venue research and collaborating with finance and legal to ensure invoices are paid and contracts are reviewed
Some travel required (potential for 1x a quarter, with opportunity for more as role develops)

THE BIGGER TEAM YOULL JOIN
Octagon is the global sports, entertainment, and experiential marketing arm of the Interpublic Group.
We take pride in being Playmakers  finding insightful, bold ways to create play in our work, our lives, and in the world. We believe in the power of play to create big ideas and unlock potential for our clients and talent.
We can put ourselves in the shoes of fans because we ARE fans  of sports, entertainment, and culture at large. This expertise allows us to continually evolve the fan experience across sports and entertainment alongside some of the biggest brands and talent in the world.
The world needs play more than ever. Are you a Playmaker?
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR

1-2 years of experience with an agency or event  project management role
Business developmentsales or strategyresearch experience is a plus
Inherently and passionately proactive, chipping in beyond assigned work
Excellent organizational  project management skills and significant attention to detail
Strong PowerPoint and Excel skills. Comfortable designing slides for pitch materials and managing our internal agency pipeline
Inquisitive with a genuine love of learning new things. You love a good research deep dive on a random topic!
Self-driven, quick learner who can problem solve and find solutions. Not afraid to volunteer for a task before being asked to do it.
Comfortable in a role where no two days are the same
A no job is too small or too big attitude
An ability to communicate effectively, both oral and written. Public speakingpresenting experience and comfortability engaging and managing up to Senior Executives
You are coachable and are willing to adapt in a fast-paced work environment
Willingness to work non-traditional hours with some weekend travel
All applicants will need to provide proof of COVID vaccination or contact the organizations HR team if eligible for an exemption

This position pays 40,000, is overtime-eligible and comes with a comprehensive benefits package.
Octagons comprehensive benefit package includes:

Unlimited PTO policy  we understand you need time for play!
Competitive medicaldentalvision insurance plans with FSAHSA and Dependent Care FSA options. Pet Insurance for those who need it too!
Generous Family and Parental Leave Policy (12 weeks) with eligibility extended to all parents regardless of gender or primarysecondary caregiver status 
Access to our parent company (IPG) Savings plan (401K program) with company match as well as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
Pretax TransportationCommuter Benefits and Parent Travel Program
Dedicated Mental Health resources including Headspace membership, Employee Assistance Program (CCA) and more
Discount portal for everyday goods and services
Employee Resource Groups and inclusive diversity programming and initiatives
Personal Development programs 

 
Octagon is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
 
 
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.