JOB SUMMARY
 Title 
Vice President, Earned Media Strategy  Media Relations
Location
New York
About the Opportunity    
The Weber Shandwick team is seeking a Vice President of Earned Media Strategy with exceptional earned strategy and media relations prowess to support several corporate clients in our Corporate Practice. The ideal candidate will have experience working across sectors in corporate and brand reputation building communications, executive visibility, and earned media strategy.
 
About you: Are you someone who knows the modern media landscape and has a unique experience telling stories for corporate brands? Do you love the thrill of the pitch and building relationships with media? Then read on! We are looking for a highly collaborative, original thinker who is endlessly curious about the intersections of people, culture, brands, and media. We want someone who is able to frame a problem, develop succinct insights, and explain what it all means in a compelling story. Come grow your career as part of our leading community of earned media strategists.
 
Responsibilities 

Builds and maintains excellent relationships with media 
Understands industry landscapeissues that may directly and indirectly impact a client  
Proactively and reactively crafts and tells compelling stories on behalf of clients
Leads the development of and is responsible for the execution of earned and integrated media programs
Develops strategiesplans and media materials
Brings a client-focused attitude that results in work being performed to the highest quality standards
Counsels and interacts effectively with clients and leaders at client organizations
Serves as key team member on client and inter-agency teams
Mentors, coaches and develops direct reports and more junior team members
Cultivates and participates in new business opportunities and pitches

 
Competencies

Business Acumen align talent strategies to drive business goals
Client Service client focus and ability to build trust and rapport across all levels
Proactivity  exhibit relentless pursuit for new and innovative talent strategies
Collaboration build strong relationships at all levels across the organization
Critical Thinking ask probing questions; anticipate and address critical talent gaps and needs
Conflict Resolution possess sound judgment and savvy in navigating and resolving complex talent and organizational issues

 
Basic Qualifications 

7-10 years of experience. Agency experience preferred.  
Experience leading projects from start to finish, working with integrated teams across various disciplines.
Earned strategy and media relations experience
Bachelors degree 

 
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

 
NYC Salary range: 125,000 - 165,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
 
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
 
LI-SK1 
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.