
ABOUT US - MOMENTUM WORLDWIDEMomentum is an agency of doers. We make the industrys most disruptive, entertaining, shareable, unforgettable experiences for our clients and their fans. We do it by bringing people closer to what they love, in original and unexpected ways. Whether its a physical activation, a virtual experience, or a piece of unique branded content, its all part of what we call the Total Brand Experience — ideas that solve business challenges, through best-in-class Consulting, Strategy, Analytics, Experience Design, and Production. 
We want you to help brands do amazing, unprecedented, wild things, creating experiences that people never forget.
WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM MOMENTUMAt Momentum, we expect our employees to embody our values!Our Core Values of Be One, Do Great Work, Have Fun, Give Back and Grow empower an environment where we challenge ourselves professionally and encourage each other personally.
At Momentum, we make our differences matter!Who we are matters.  We choose to hire diverse voices from all walks of life.  We choose to make our culture one where everyone can be their authentic self and speak in their voice. We choose to give each other permission to get things wrong, so we can learn to make them right.  We choose to celebrate the bravery of our peers and we choose to be collectively responsible.
At Momentum, we make our actions matter!Making it matter means always choosing the sustainable option. It means designing waste out from the start.  It means working with the right materials. Sourcing locally, innovating off-the-shelf solutions and reusing and repurposing. It means powering smarter. Travelling less. And only working with vendors who do the same. Make it matter means becoming the first experiential agency in the world to receive 2 ISO certifications.
At Momentum, we make our people matter!We choose to make your workplace part of your wellbeing. We choose a hybrid work model. We choose no meeting Fridays. We choose to let ourselves take as much Time Well Taken (vacation) as we need. We choose education programs that help our people develop professionally and personally. We choose tuition reimbursement. We choose to match your 401K. We choose to make your financial wellbeing our priority. We choose to make our peoples lives matter.
WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FORWe are seeking a highly experienced and versatile Senior Content Producer with expertise in art production to join our team. The ideal candidate possesses deep knowledge of production including still photography, illustration, and mixed media and is excited for the opportunity to think outside the box, be creative and do great work.
HERES WHAT YOULL DO (RESPONSIBILITIES)
As Senior Content Producer, your responsibilities will include, but are not limited to:



Manage and oversee multiple content projects, ensuring efficient workflows and timely delivery of high-quality deliverables.


Oversee art originationasset output within the agency from a creative development phase through brainstorming, estimating, negotiations, shootillustration through final delivery.


Contribute to the creative process as needed and offer workable solutions to creative and business leads


Possess an extensive familiarity of industry talent worldwide: photographers, illustrators, CGI, animation vendors, retouching resources, mural artists, and their corresponding representation, as well as discover new and up and coming talent.


Maintain relationships with vendors and continually grow your network. 


Establish and maintain contacts in talent industry, negotiate with talent agents, handle talent payments and navigate paymasters legalese and completion of appropriate and required paperwork to ensure tax documents, production insurance and workmans comp insurance are procured


Translate and communicate client needs to industry standard rights and usage.


Recognize possible legal pitfalls and guards the agency and client against them, particularly copyright and trademark issues as well as risk assessment. Serve as liaison between IPG legal and various business and creative teams across all North American offices


Remain on the forefront of new artists and trends to help elevate the agency and its brands. Find new, obscure illustrators, mural artists, conceptual artists for event collaborations as well as type designers, photographers and performance artists, depending upon the needed niche or specialty.


Build relationships and create collaborative work environments. Important to be able to motivate peers as well as the ability to manage upout


Own the process of Licensed stock photography, stock illustration.


Have in depth knowledge with fonts, the licensing of fonts and maintaining them on the internal server.


On-site agency producer for print productions, photo shoots, mural installations, custom event illustrations, etc


Have video production experience with an interest in cross-training within the department across media

Supporting Momentums values
All other duties as assigned


HERES WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR (QUALIFICATIONS  REQUIREMENTS)


Bachelors degree in a relevant field, preferred, or equivalent work experience.
7 years of relevant experience
Proven experience in creative production, preferably agency experience
Strong knowledge of production processes, including pre-production, stills photographyvideo production, post-production, and delivery.
Familiarity with a variety of production formats, including static and video.
Excellent organizational and project management skills, with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks effectively.
Resourcefulness and ability to find solutions to unique production challenges.
Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with diverse teams and stakeholders.
In-depth understanding of talent rules and contracts.
Proficiency in using production management software and tools.
Proactive, detail-oriented, and deadline-driven mindset.
Ability to adapt to changing priorities and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
If you are a passionate and dedicated professional with a strong background in creative production, we would love to hear from you. 


MOMENTUM BENEFITS

Time Well Taken (our flexible benefits plan that allows you take the time you need)
Hybrid Work model  ability to work from home or in office
Holidays and Winter Break (agency closes between Christmas and New Years holidays)
No meeting Fridays
Curated DEI programs and initiatives
Medical, Dental and Vision plans
Short- and Long-term disability
401(K) with company match
EAP  Employee Assistance Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Work from Home stipend
Referral bonuses
Training and development opportunities
Flexible Spending Account
Health Saving Accounts

At Momentum Worldwide, we value diversity and the uniqueness of all people. We thrive in an inclusive environment, and we recruit, hire and promote without regard to race, gender, age, color, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, ethnic or national origin, citizenship, religion, sexual preference, military or veteran status, marital status, family status, physical or mental disability  or any other legally protected categories as set forth in the applicable state, federal or local laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment including training, compensation, benefits and all other privileges of employment.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.