
THE JOB  Event Executive, Issuer Marketing (Payment Services Client)
EXPERIENCES  Responsible for planning and executing event and experiential marketing programs.
The Event Executive will support the Issuer Marketing Team in managing day-to-day relationships with a major payment services client. The EE will coordinate and work with various clients and internal teams to ensure the proper planning and execution of events for clients and consumers, as well as assist in the development of compelling sponsorship programs to drive issuer marketing objectives.
This Event Executive will support the team in planning all elements needed to create high-level, experiential events. They will also assist in the development of creative marketing solutions through detailed client programs. The right applicant requires a desire to work as part of a collaborative team, with the ability to tackle problems independently. Strong relationship and communication skills are a requirement.
THE WORK YOULL DO

Support team in day-to-day contact for payment services client
Support the creation of detailed client presentations and activation strategies
Assist with planning and execution of custom marketing programs
Assist in the creation and development of presentation materials and pre-event materials
Co-coordinate projects with outside vendors and internal resources, such as merchandise, digital and creative
May supervise temporary interns in the implementation of programs and events
Create post-project recaps

THE BIGGER TEAM YOULL JOIN
Where others see complexity, we see possibility. 
Octagon is the global sports, entertainment and experiential marketing arm of the Interpublic Group. But if that classification doesnt do it for you, and it shouldnt, lets take it a step further.
We are what we believe. And we believe that while the world of sports and entertainment is full of opportunities and possibilities, sometimes the amount of choice can seem a little overwhelming. Even daunting.
Thats where we come into play!
At Octagon we inspire brands, talent, and our people to see the world for all its potential. We then help break down the complexity and push forward so you can make your next right move.
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR

At least 1-2 years of experience in agencyclient service experienceevent marketing
Payment services industry experience or knowledge is a plus
Strong interpersonal skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral
Excellent organization skills and attention to detail, including the ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Strong ability to work as part of a team, demonstrate initiative, and solve problems
Proficient in Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Willingness to travel, including weekendsholidays
All applicants will need to provide proof of COVID vaccination or contact the organizations HR team if eligible for an exemption.

This position pays 40,000, is overtime-eligible and comes with a comprehensive benefits package.
Octagons comprehensive benefit package includes:

Unlimited PTO policy  we understand you need time for play!
Competitive medicaldentalvision insurance plans with FSAHSA and Dependent Care FSA options. Pet Insurance for those who need it too!
Generous Family and Parental Leave Policy (12 weeks) with eligibility extended to all parents regardless of gender or primarysecondary caregiver status 
Access to our parent company (IPG) Savings plan (401K program) with company match as well as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
Pretax TransportationCommuter Benefits and Parent Travel Program
Dedicated Mental Health resources including Headspace membership, Employee Assistance Program (CCA) and more
Discount portal for everyday goods and services
Employee Resource Groups and inclusive diversity programming and initiatives
Personal Development programs 

Please also know that the well-being of our employees, partners, fans and consumers are top of mind to our agency, and we are taking measures to ensure proper health and safety initiatives and protocols are in place for our events and activations.
Octagon is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
 
 
 
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.