
Golin Chicago is looking for a Corporate Senior Associate to join our Chicago corporate team to help drive project execution and media results that keeps our clients relevant with top media and influencers. Responsibilities include day to day project management, media strategy development and media outreach across national business, financial, technology and other trade media. 
This role will support our clients in research and planning, launches, influencer engagement and media relations. Were looking for a dedicated team member with a proactive, can-do attitude who will work alongside the account team to develop and drive strategic initiatives. Youll help develop initiatives and manageexecute programs and workstreams with your account leadership. Youll build strong media and influencer relationships and always be on the lookout for opportunities that lead to coverage. Youll transform corporate milestones and data into compelling stories and craft interesting content that goes beyond the press release. We are looking for someone with the ability to think across platforms by contributing to the integrated media team with the mindset of working in real time. 
This role is hybrid, with the expectation of 2 days a week in the office working with Golin colleagues, and a 3rd day spent onsite with clients as needed. 
What Youll Do:

Serve as an integral member of the account team addressing the varied and changing needs of clients, proactively providing thoughtful ideas and solutions.
Help foster and maintain productive and influential client relationships.
Serve as an integral member of the account team addressing the varied and changing needs of clients, proactively providing thoughtful ideas and solutions.
Have a command of the business and use that knowledge to collaborate with internal team members to develop and execute ideas and campaigns. Using that knowledge to become a go-to for your team and your client.
Support day-to-day media relations responsibilities through creative pitch development, building smart media lists and press releases that are rooted in our Corporate clients business.
Be a key player in helping execute exciting, earned media campaigns.
Research and identify relevant media contacts to bolster strategies, media lists and secure top-tier placements that reach target audiences.
Build strong relationships with media outlets and editors, including top-tier national, local, trade and B2B outlets.
Stay ahead of new trends in our clients businesses by being relentlessly curious and in-the-know on financial services and other key business verticals.
Help your team track for campaignindustry news and craft recaps of coverage for clients with smart recommendations on next steps.
Collaborate with teams across multiple disciplines at the agency and successfully manage complex, fast-moving and unexpected communications challenges.
Work together with agency partners to integrate on programs and connect dots.
Have the ability to turn a few pieces of data or trends into actionable insights to influence creative ideas, campaign messaging and contribute to a media strategy.
Participate in client meetings, presenting or sharing trends regularly.
Help manage the budget, manage timely billing and reporting with your account lead and Agency finance team.
Be a team player and active contributor to the agencys culture and values.

Growth Opportunities:  

Direct access to a large team of seasoned and talented professionals who will not only help improve your work but establish a path for you to grow within Golin long term.
Ability to work and learn cross-functionally within a growing team of Corporate Communications specialists who service.
Opportunity to hone and execute best-in-class media and client relations for major brands.

Qualifications:

A mix of account management and media relations experience.
Ability to manage and support client projects and day-to-day communications initiatives
Poise and calm under pressure and a desire to immerse yourself in a clients business to become a true partner.
Bachelors degree, preferably in PR, Communications or journalism, with 2 years of related experience  Corporate media relations experience a plus!
An understanding of media relations and influencer marketing.
Strong writing and outreach skills are necessary. Not afraid of the cold call to establish new relationships.
A passion for securing earned media placements and building relationships with your team, clients and media.
Excellent communication, organizational and computer skills are a must, along with the ability meet deadlines, juggle multiple tasks, and handle fast-paced environment.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, and media monitoring, tracking and reporting.
Well versed in AP style.

Golin Perks:  
To award our outstanding employees for the great work that they do, we offer a range of benefits:

Flexible time off
Extended Leave
Monthly wellness stipend
Tuition reimbursement
401K matching program
Training and career pathing
Community service opportunities

About Golin: 
Golin is a progressive public relations agency with expertise ranging from brand-building and cutting-edge digital content to corporate reputation, healthcare advocacy and measurement. Golin aligns earned-first, data-driven creative with the customer journey, to deliver maximum impact for clients and reach a profoundly diverse global market. Go All In is the agencys ethos and commitment to bravery over mediocrity. 
We Go All In, in everything we do. Were especially committed to Go All In for our people. We challenge our employees to be Courageously Happy and have empowered them to do so by offering our Lifetime benefits program. Lifetime offers flexible time off, enhanced family care, ridiculously good health and wellness benefits, and a monthly Lifetime stipend for the gym or hobbies. We really do want you to play as hard as you work! 
Salary range: 50,000 - 70,000
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.  
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.  
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
LI-KW1
LI-Hybrid
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.