
Weber Sandwick is looking for a Senior Vice President of consumer health media. The ideal candidate is passionate about making a difference in the lives of patients living with various diseases and conditions. They will have experience andor knowledge that spans multiple therapeutic areas, launching fully integrated consumer programs and have strong media relationships with consumer media.
This SVP will have proven leadership and client service skills, and experience managing integrated communications campaigns. They will display personal ownership and accountability for client engagement, with the ability to cultivate and nurture long-term partnerships and client satisfaction. The successful candidate will have experience with consumer programs, never-ending curiosity, a desire to always do better, and the ability to inspire and connect with teams. They will be a hands-on team member who values people and culture. We are a company of doers even at the most senior level.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES

Drive development of solution-based program strategies and direct development of tactical plans
Maintain daily client contact, serving as a trusted resource and advisor
Facilitate cross-functional team integration (strategy, creative, integrated media specialists, etc.) to deliver on client plans
Act as effective, two-way translator between clients and teams, actively counseling development of work in the best interest of all parties
Proactively support and suggest improvements and new ideas to exceed client expectations by leveraging industry knowledge and experience
Have ownership of client financials and profitability
Coordinate integration with other agency partners
Successfully navigate conflicts across internal stakeholders, clients and agency partners
Manage ongoing team resourcingstaffing to ensure successful delivery of work product
Actively participate in agency development and assist with new business

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

10-15 years of relevant healthcare communications experience with a focus in driving earned media, ideally both agency and in-house
Track record of securing robust earned media results as demonstrated by key metrics such as quality and reach
Strong relationships with reporters across media categories of top-tier, business, healthcare, consumer and technology, to name a few
Significant experience providing thought leadership and counsel to senior management
In-depth experience leading spokesperson media training
Experience leading high-performing media staffers; mentoring team members
Strong project management skills and attention to detail
Confident presenter and persuasive speaker
Minimum: Bachelors Degree

PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS

Strong decision-making skills
Ability to multi-task in a deadline-oriented environment
Collaborative team player
Exceptional judgment when working with clients, teams and vendors
Self-motivated, entrepreneurial and endlessly curious

The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

NYC Salary range: 180,000 - 245,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.