
Do you enjoy strategizing, executing and optimizing paid media for brands to drive business results?  Do you nerd out about the connection points across performance marketing channels in a constantly-changing digital environment? Then keep reading.
Game-changing PR agency Golin, one of the worlds largest strategic communications firms, is looking for a Paid Media Associate, Sr.  Social  Digital to join our Dallas-based digital team.
Please note: This role is located in Dallas, TX.
What Youll Do:

Run paid social campaigns that align with client KPIs and goals
Track and monitor campaign spend and performance against KPIs for campaigns
Build campaigns, execute QA checks and complete ongoing optimizations
Support the development and execution of media plans that track with client goals
Collaborate with paid media and client team members to replicate best practices and key learnings across client work
Produce performance reports to provide actionable insights and analysis in coordination with the analytics team
Develop creative assets and copy for test and learn deployments
Build strong relationships with client services and client teams
Develop and maintain relationships with paid social partners
Help champion and share paid media best practices with internal and external teams

What you have:

2 years or more of digital marketing or advertising experience
Degree in marketing, advertising, PRcommunications or related practical experience
Knowledge of paid social media buying and planning tools (e.g. Meta Ads Manager, Twitter Ads Manager, TikTok Ads Manager, and more)
The ability to evaluate campaign performance, spot optimization opportunities and make real-time changes
Ability to use Microsoft Excel to analyze data
Interest in the performance marketing landscape and trends
Excellent verbal, written, presentation and problem-solving skills
A thirst for knowledge and a passion for enhancing your skill set

Winning Attributes:

Self-motivator with the ability to work autonomously
Proactive communicator
Strong attention to detail
Comfort with prioritization and working across multiple projects simultaneously
Always driving for new ideas
Entrepreneurial attitude
Experience working with global brands
Passion for B2B and Consumer technology

About Golin
We are a global public relations agency with one mission: to create change that matters by making the best work of our lives. We have redefined the role of public relations with a focus on earning attention for some of the worlds most iconic and beloved brands through brave ideas, bold insights and maximum impact for the profoundly diverse marketplace. To learn more about Golin visit: golin.com.
Why Work for Us?
We are 1,700 bright and eager individuals collaborating in more than 40 cities around the globe. Some in offices, some working remotely. Regardless of our geographies, our passion for collaboration is the 1 reason clients and colleagues enjoy working with us.
Collaboration isnt new for us  it started 60 years ago when Al Golin insisted that personal egos be set aside for the greater good of the agency. He knew great work starts with inspired teamwork. And inspired teamwork is how we get clients and colleagues to join us and stay for decades, and how we launch brands, build careers, win awards like PR Weeks Global Agency of the Year  four years running - all while creating everlasting friendships.
At Golin, we Go All In. We are ready to Go All In for you...
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations. 
Salary range: 50,000 - 70,000
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status. 
 
LI-CP1
LI-KW1
LI-REMOTE
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.