 
Golin Los Angeles
Do you live to tell great stories? Do you have a flair for bringing a CEOs vision and master plan to life in powerful, eloquent ways? Can you touch the masses or bring an array of emotions to the surface with your words? Do you pine for a good thought leadership assignment? Get excited to identify corporate messages?
Golin LA has the dream job for you! We are hiring a Director, writerjournalist to serve as the primary author and editor for corporate and product storytelling projects in the corporate communications and consumer products practices. The writing director helps teams and clients communicate clearly and effectively, upholding high standards of quality and delivering work rooted in strategy. 
First and foremost, this person has a reporter mindset and is a master storyteller for our clients. A curious thinker and a strong writer, the person hired for this role must demonstrate an ability to plan and execute materials ranging from bylines and news stories to scripts, speeches and digital content.  Experience as an editor is a plus as this person is responsible for reviewing our teams work and helping them create the best possible product.
This candidate should have a strong knowledge of topics that are relevant in todays corporate world, and ideally an understanding of gaming, technology and the workforce space. Further, the person should have a deep comfort level in working closely with C-suite executives on sensitive, critical business and sometimes personal topics, as well as understand their areas of expertise, key business priorities and passion points. We would look to this director to then take those relevant topics, existing corporate messaging and executive insights and turn them into compelling stories that resonate with media and other stakeholders.
 About Us:
Golin is a progressive public relations agency designed to reach the profoundly diverse market. Inclusion is a core value for Golin and we are focused on establishing a culture that is intentionally inclusive, potently diverse and uncompromisingly equitable.
Our expertise ranges from brand-building and cutting-edge digital content, to corporate reputation, healthcare advocacy and measurement. Golin aligns earned-first, data-driven creative with the customer journey through our collaborative G4 Model to deliver maximum impact for clients. Our roster includes many of the largest CPG, retail, food, healthcare technology and consumer service companies in the world.
 
What Youll Do

Craft traditional, digital and executive visibility content that includes presentation scripts, thought leadership, bylines, news releases, fact sheets, articles, key messages, social media posts and more
Meet with senior clients to understand their corporate narrative and storytelling priorities, and translate that into content strategy and written pieces
Host in-depth messaging, writing and editing sessions for internal groups and clients
Counsel clients on the importance of clear, focused writing to deliver their message 
Strategic thinker who can see the big picture while also ensuring flawless work
Strong desire to collaborate, with a positive attitude and vision for the future
Work seamlessly with other leaders in the creative department, including graphic designers
Edit writers work; support them through a project from brief to publication
Focus on fostering talent and creating opportunities for junior writers and creatives
Brainstorm and develop creative pitches for prospective clients  
Serve as an agency resource on the latest writing and style trends 

 
Qualifications

10 years of experience in writing and communications
Previous leadership experience in corporate communications, writing, journalism or content creation, required
Extensive experience working with C-suite executives
Comfortable both receiving and delivering constructive feedback
Expert knowledge of AP Style; ability to quickly learn individual clients styles
Strong organizational, project management and time management skills

 
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.
Salary range:
94,000 - 165,000
 
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
 
LI-DNI
 
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.