 
Golin is looking for a Director, Human Resources, to join our team. This role will be an important member of our Human Resources team, supporting our East Coast Markets, guiding leaders, our people, and our culture.
 
This role will provide counsel to senior leadership and employees, staying current on best practices to help shape processes and programs that continue to enhance an inclusive employee experience. We are looking for someone with holistic HR generalist experience and versatile talent skill set, who can operate across both tactical and strategic needs.
 
Our ideal candidate is someone who has been a trusted advisor and counselor, owning the full scope of HR responsibilities, including but not limited to: performance management, talent management, employee development, employee relations, benefits, engagement and retention.
 
We are looking for someone located in the NY market and comfortable coming into the office. 
 
What Youll Do:
 

Partner, coach, and counsel leaders on all people related matters to foster a culture of engagement and accountability.
Own talent management platform and process
Build trusted internal relationships to assess people, team, and business needs, recommending and implementing solutions to drive improvements as needed
Collaborate with Human Resources and senior leadership team to develop and reinforce HR and talent processes and goals, business needs, and operational initiatives
Help develop and champion diversity, equity and inclusion strategies and programs in partnership with leadership
Own talent discussions and implement recommended actions; partner with managers to provide counsel on development and engagement strategies
Support performance management process, partnering with managers on the development and delivery of clear, objective, and consistent performance reviews and feedback
Establish relationships with leadership and employees to problem-solve issues, elevating as appropriate; facilitate and manage employee relations issues at all levels
Problem solve and provide guidance to teams, employees, and managers on all aspects of the employee life cycle
Conduct new hire check-ins and employee exit interviews providing feedback to leadership to enhance employee experiences, and get in front of opportunities andor challenges
Understand the business, working with leadership to align talent to operational and agency goals, advocating for employees, while supporting the needs of the agency and business
Support implementation of HR policies and guidelines and ensure compliance with federal and state employment laws
Develop strong relationships with the broader Human Resources and Talent Acquisition team, creating seamless partnerships, and ensuring excellent delivery of HR services,

 
What Youll Need:
 

Bachelors degree and 8-10 years related human resources experience across the full breadth of HR areas of expertise
At least three years in a senior HR leadership role, Advertising or Public Relations agency experience preferred
Demonstrated ability to establish trust and inspire confidence across all levels of the organization
Strong leadership skills, including the ability to confidently motivate, mentor, and guide
Proven ability to execute against organizational HR and business goals, providing solutions and managing against tactical and strategic needs
Stay current on HR trends to develop solutions using current best practices in the field.
Solutions oriented, problem solver, with the ability to drive decisions in a fast-paced agency environment
Ability to maintain strict confidentiality and manage sensitive conversations
Collaborative relationship style, ability to partner effectively with leaders and employees at all levels of the organization across multiple teams
Highly effective written and verbal communication skills necessary, with the ability to develop and share recommendations succinctly and accurately
Attention to detail, multi-tasking, and strong follow through required
Proven ability to be flexible and work quickly and efficiently, no job is to big or to small attitude.
Personable, approachable, with strong people and management skills

 
About Golin 
 
We are a global public relations agency poised and staffing for the needs of today. Through our 60 year history we have redefined the role of PR with best-in-class creative that has earned worldwide attention and awards. Representing some of the biggest Fortune One brands, we offer a suite of services from content creation and production, diversity equity  inclusion strategy, influencer marketing, corporate strategy, and public affairs to name a few. To learn more about Golin visit: golin.com.
 
Salary Range: 125,000 - 135,000
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.
 
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.
 
Golin is an Equal Opportunity Employer  MFVeteranDisabilitySexual OrientationGender Identity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
 
 
LI-DNI
 
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.