Director, Analytics
Job description         
Todays media is defined by chaos and confusion.  The ability to make sense of it to guide C-suite client decision-making has never been more important.
What is even more crucial is the ability to harness evolving technologies in AI and open-source intelligence gathering to see through the agendas of social media trolls, activist organizations, and partisan newsrooms to provide objective, effective counsel guiding highly consequential business decisions.
That is where you come in. 
Successful members of our team have a passion for emerging tech and media, are news and politics mavens, bring a data-driven approach to decision-making, have the courage to speak truth to power, and can transcend their own biases to make objective judgments about how and why media is being used to attack or defend controversial social and political issues.
We look for prior experience in media analysis, including social and traditional media listening, as well as expertise in corporate risk, with a focus on bringing data to life through compelling stories that go beyond insights to become implications for Fortune 500 C-suite clientele. Crisis management experience and experience working across multiple geographies or languages is a strong plus.
You will play a key role on our team, leading the development of analytics-driven projects crossing multiple geographies and issues and helping to mentor and grow the skill sets of emerging talent in our practice.
You should thrive in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environment. You must be an excellent communicator, strategic client counselor and prepared to roll up your sleeves and stay close to the work. 
Responsibilities

Be the subject matter expert on analysis and interpretation of insights who can both explain the analysis at a high level to senior stakeholders and clients while also able to explain nuances of analysis to more junior staff.
Make qualitative judgments that infer motivations and forecast potential future actions of a wide spectrum of media publishers and influencers.
Execute insights from digital listening and proprietary AI network conversation analysis tools (examining misinformation narratives and bot-generated social media content, applying understanding of network analysis, solutions for ongoing campaign and reputation impact). This includes input on how new projects are sold and scoped.
Partner with clients, account teams and cross-discipline teams to understand client questions  intelligence requirements.
Collaborate with project managers to liaise with different teams (Corporate Communications, Crisis  Issues, and Public Affairs) to coordinate project staffing, priorities, and timing
Support identification of deliverable templates that define methods to collect, analyze, and present insights.
Participate in creation of blinded case studies, capabilities decks, and sales decks accessible to different types of client stakeholders (e.g., communications and PR, marketing, cybersecurity, analytics and data science teams).
Support regular trainings and socialization of case studies with internal staff.

Qualifications

Demonstrated expertise and experience translating data and research into strategic insights and recommendations.
7 years relevant full-time experience as an independent contributor with a experience or designer to mentor junior staff.
Experience in corporate and geopolitical risk analysis, health misinformation, andor crisis and issues management.
Experienced subject matter expert in social listening, marketing analytics, digital analytics, andor data visualization, ideally within an agency or matrixed insights team
Experience conducting primary research (e.g. polling, ethnography, focus groups, related fields) or using coding for data analysis (Boolean, Python, R, SQL)
Desire and capacity to take ownership of workstreams, manage fast deadlines and agile deliverable processes, nurture client relationships, collaborate with diverse teams.
Work well within highly collaborative, multidisciplinary teams.

 
NYC Salary range: 109,000  135,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
 
Weber Shandwick is proud to The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 

Medical 
Dental 
Vision 
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit 

 
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-OD1
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.