ABOUT US  MOMENTUM WORLDWIDEMomentum is an agency of doers. We make the industrys most disruptive, entertaining, shareable, unforgettable experiences for our clients and their fans. We do it by bringing people closer to what they love, in original and unexpected ways. Whether its a physical activation, a virtual experience, or a piece of unique branded content, its all part of what we call the Total Brand Experience — ideas that solve business challenges, through best-in-class Consulting, Strategy, Analytics, Experience Design, and Production. 
We want you to help brands do amazing, unprecedented, wild things, creating experiences that people never forget.
 
WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM MOMENTUM
At Momentum, we expect our employees to embody our values!Our Core Values of Be One, Do Great Work, Have Fun, Give Back and Grow empower an environment where we challenge ourselves professionally and encourage each other personally.
At Momentum, we make our differences matter!Who we are matters.  We choose to hire diverse voices from all walks of life.  We choose to make our culture one where everyone can be their authentic self and speak in their voice. We choose to give each other permission to get things wrong, so we can learn to make them right.  We choose to celebrate the bravery of our peers and we choose to be collectively responsible.
At Momentum, we make our actions matter!Making it matter means always choosing the sustainable option. It means designing waste out from the start.  It means working with the right materials. Sourcing locally, innovating off-the-shelf solutions and reusing and repurposing. It means powering smarter. Travelling less. And only working with vendors who do the same. Make it matter means becoming the first experiential agency in the world to receive 2 ISO certifications.
At Momentum, we make our people matter!We choose to make your workplace part of your wellbeing. We choose a hybrid work model. We choose no meeting Fridays. We choose to let ourselves take as much Time Well Taken (vacation) as we need. We choose education programs that help our people develop professionally and personally. We choose tuition reimbursement. We choose to match your 401K. We choose to make your financial wellbeing our priority. We choose to make our peoples lives matter.
 
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FORThis is estimated to last until January 2024 based upon business needs. The AP Specialist is responsible for reviewing and processing a variety of client and overhead payables and charges, including vendor invoices, expense reports, credit card statements and internal charges. This position needs to be knowledgeable of general ledger accounts, job accountingmaterial codes and the correct usage of each. Needs to possess the ability to think out-side the box and be able to manage processes. Must know and understand company and client policies in order to be able to audit all payables against policy, review all items for accuracy and reasonableness, and question anything that appears to be incorrect.
 
HERES WHAT YOULL DO (RESPONSIBILITIES)

Process vendor invoices and determine whether appropriate authorization and coding exists. Ensure that all data is saved as needed.
Monitor the AP email inboxes and manage invoices timely.
Ensure company policy is being followed for expense reports, travel credit cards, pre-paid card program and procurement cards.
Identify any items that violate policy or appear incorrect and bring them to the attention of accounting management.
Enforce the use of P.O.s in accordance with company procurement policy. Train or guide associates with P.O. entry or processes as needed.
Send emails with vendor invoicessupporting documents out for approval, following the approval authorization table. Request and enforce return of approvals within 48 hours and follow-up on approvals not received.
Reconcile monthly statements from vendors. Communicate with vendors regarding missing invoices or disputed charges as necessary.
Process a variety of multi-job logs (i.e delivery bills, in-house studio charges).
Provide information to the General Ledger group for monthly accruals.
Be aware of sales and use tax laws in states Momentum does business in, apply appropriate use tax to vendor invoices as necessary.
Coordinate with corporate shared services (in Omaha) for vendor set-up and maintenance, check processing and special handling as necessary
Supporting Momentums Values
All other duties as assigned

 
HERES WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR (QUALIFICATIONS  REQUIREMENTS)

2 plus years of AP experience required.
Exceptional communication skills and training ability necessary
Ability to use Microsoft Office Suite programs including Outlook, Excel and Word.
Knowledge of computer systems.
Data processing skills.
Degree preferred.
Self starter who has a take-charge mentality.
Ability to solve problems and deal with all levels of employees

MOMENTUM BENEFITS

Time Well Taken (our flexible benefits plan that allows you take the time you need)
Hybrid Work model  ability to work from home or in office
Holidays and Winter Break (agency closes between Christmas and New Years holidays)
No meeting Fridays
Curated DEI programs and initiatives
Medical, Dental and Vision plans
Short- and Long-term disability
401(K) with company match
EAP  Employee Assistance Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Work from Home stipend
Referral bonuses
Training and development opportunities
Flexible Spending Account
Health Saving Accounts

At Momentum Worldwide, we value diversity and the uniqueness of all people. We thrive in an inclusive environment, and we recruit, hire and promote without regard to race, gender, age, color, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, ethnic or national origin, citizenship, religion, sexual preference, military or veteran status, marital status, family status, physical or mental disability  or any other legally protected categories as set forth in the applicable state, federal or local laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment including training, compensation, benefits and all other privileges of employment.
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.