Golin Chicago is hiring a Senior Creative to help lead social and earned media creative planning and execution for one of the biggest brands in the world. Your job: make the brand famous on social and in earned media. 
This role is hybrid, with the expectation of 2 days a week in the office working with Golin colleagues, and a 3rd day spent onsite with clients as needed.
Were looking for a client-facing creative who excels at planned and real-time social and earned media ideas and who can run with larger briefs (ideation, idea development, presenting ideas to clients). Our ideal candidate knows how to harness the power of social and earned media and whats trending to create legendary ideas that make an impact. They love working in a collaborative environment and mentoring high-performing junior creatives, while also keeping their hands in the work. 
Sound like a match? Lets connect! 
What Youll Do

Develop social and earned media creative content for the brand, including daily quick-turn trending content and longer-term planned content.
Participate in daily concepting and execution for reactive opportunities that hijack social and earned conversation and gets the brand noticed.
Concept and help sell in and execute social first moments to drive engagement 
Createedit video or other social content as needed, as well as help mentor a team of junior creatives (ADcopy) to execute the work.
Pitch and sell social-first ideas to clients
Partner with team to ensure flawless execution of digital and social media campaigns  
Serve as a trusted social creative counselor and serial ideator 
Partner with strategy, account, analytics and channel experts across the team and agency
Drive innovation through unique social concepts, campaigns, and programs.
Help support and mentor the creative team.
Participate in Golin social and earned creative initiatives. 

What You Have

3 years of experience in multi-faceted digitalsocial marketing role
3 years of experience creating content for a range of social channels.
3 years of experience working at an ad agency, digital agency or as part of an in-house creative agency.
Social first mindset; deep understanding of social platforms; curious about emerging platforms
Obsession with culture and trends
Proven knack for developing innovative digital strategies shaped by data that deliver quantifiable results 
A portfolio of creative thinking around social media and earned media content and experiences
Insatiable curiosity about emerging digital marketing channels, platforms, and best practices and ability to share knowledge with others 
Impeccable presentation skills to inspire C-level clients and colleagues alike 
Champion of diverse talent, proactively cultivates an inclusive culture, and uses cultural competence to drive agency and clients business forward 
Collaboration superpower

About Golin
We are a global public relations agency with one mission: to make the best work of our lives and to create change that matters. We have redefined the role of public relations with a focus on earning attention for some of the worlds most iconic and beloved brands through brave ideas, bold insights and maximum impact for the profoundly diverse marketplace. To learn more about Golin visit: golin.com. 
Golin Perks: 
To reward our employees for creating the best work of their lives, Golin offers the following perks we strongly urge our employees to utilize:

Flexible time off
Extended Leave
Monthly wellness stipend
Tuition reimbursement
401K matching program
Training and career pathing
Community service opportunities

Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.
Salary range: 55,000 - 95,000
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
LI-KW1 
LI-CP1
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.