Designer Washington, DC 
Weber Shandwick is looking for a skilled Designer to join our creative team in Washington, DC. Working alongside a team of talented copywriters, art directors and creative directors, the Designer will spend most of their time working toward a variety of design objectives on behalf of clients in various industries, including clients in healthcarepharmaceutical.  
Key Responsibilities 

Develop visually compelling print and digital design across a wide range of disciplines, including branding, social media, publication design, mockups, infographics, storyboards, presentations, print collateral and signage. 
Collaborate with copywriters, art directors, creative directors, and account teams to establish and execute the look and feel for brands, campaigns and activations.
Generate ideas that result in innovative and inspiring creative.
Create production-ready designs and layouts.
Ensure all visual design adheres to existing or newly established brand guidelines.
Work closely with and mentor Junior Designers and Design Interns. 

Basic Qualifications 

2 years of design experience in a related agency, department or industry (advertising, digital, social media, publishingcontent or public relations). 
Proficient in Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop) and a working knowledge of PowerPoint and Google Slides. 
Strong type and layout skills and a passion for design as a discipline. 
Great communication skills and the ability to collaborate within cross-functional teams to bring big ideas to life.
A portfolio that demonstrates a strong command of design principles, creativity, and the ability to conceptualize and execute first-class design solutions across a variety of mediums. Share anything that conveys the way you think or approach assignments—were a fan of sketches. 

Additional Qualifications 

Education in graphic design andor advertising with a focus in design or art direction is preferred. 
Basic or advanced AfterEffects skills will be utilized.
Ability to proactively manage time, multitask and perform in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environment.
Impeccable attention to detail and an eye for the latest trends in design, technology and social media.
Prior healthcare experience is a plus. 

NOTE: If you are selected for an interview, please come prepared to showcase and discuss your design skills, and walk through your conceptualstrategic creative approach to assignments (show us how your brain works). Use whatever work or case studies necessary to best represent these areas of expertise. 
 
ABOUT US 
Weber Shandwick is a leading global communications and marketing services firm in 78 cities with a network extending to 128 cities around the world. The firms diverse team of strategists, analysts, producers, designers, developers and campaign activators has won the most prestigious awards in the world for innovative, creative approaches and impactful work. Weber Shandwick was the only public relations agency included on the Advertising Age Agency A-list in 2014 and 2015 and the only PR firm designated an A-List Agency Standout in 2017 and 2018. Weber Shandwick was honored as PRWeeks Global Agency of the Year in 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, The Holmes Reports Global Agency of the Year in 2010, 2012, 2014, 2015 and 2017, and The Holmes Reports Global Digital Agency of the Year in 2016. The firm deploys deep expertise across sectors and specialty areas, including consumer marketing, corporate reputation, healthcare, technology, public affairs, financial services, employee engagement, social impact, financial communications and crisis management, using proprietary social, digital and analytics methodologies. Weber Shandwick is part of the Interpublic Group (NYSE: IPG). For more information, visit http:www.webershandwick.com.   
 
Weber Shandwick is proud to The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 

Medical 
Dental 
Vision 
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit 

 
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. We welcome and encourage black  indigenous people, people of color, caregivers, people with disabilities, foreign nationals, veterans, gender non-conforming people and people from other diverse backgrounds to apply.  
Powell Tate recruits qualified applicants and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status. 
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationcmgrp.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.
LI-KG1
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.