
Golin Dallas is hiring a savvy VP, Director to be a lead business strategist for a fast-paced, industry-leading CPG brand.
You will work with an integrated team of specialists to develop influencer and earned media strategies for, earned-first campaigns that drive business and media results. Youll work as a trusted advisor to client leadership across communications and marketing functions to counsel and ensure client satisfaction over programming for numerous business categories. Youll develop and motivate an inclusive, best-in-class internal team that roll up their sleeves and go above and beyond to deliver for one of the agencys largest clients and one of the worlds most recognized brands.
We are looking for a strong leader and counselor with the ability to think cross-platform by contributing to an integrated team.
You will:

Serve as the day-to-day lead for a proportionate share of the client portfolio, representing a diverse mix of businesses to drive earned-first programming that deliver media and influencer results
Drive strategy, planning and client relationships, leading projects, clients and team and providing ongoing counsel on business and media strategies
Showcase a strong command of both digital and traditional communication practices and strategies, focusing specifically on consumer media relations
Partner directly with senior and executive directors to ensure cohesion in strategic planning across multiple portfolios under one master client account
Manage all respects of finance and staffing including budgets, forecasting, hiring and developing scopes of work
Check your ego at the door and bring contagious, positive energy to guide and motivate staff and supervising staff members, ensuring the teams success by managing work quality and productivity level
Lead, mentor, coach and support team members in their goals, development and career pathing
Harness skillsets across Golins G4 model to ideate and flesh out ideas as they relate to client objectives, bringing them to life in presentations and written proposals and sell them to our clients
Contribute to the growth of our client portfolio, both through organic business development for the account you will serve on, as well as for the agency as needed
Serve as a leader within the agency to further develop our offerings, capabilities and growth trajectory

GROWTH OPPORTUNTIES:

Direct access to a large team of seasoned and talented professionals who will not only help improve your work but establish a path for you to grow within Golin long term
Ability to work and learn cross-functionally within a large, diverse account with many different workstreams
Opportunity to help build and lead a new remit from the ground up including directing annual strategy and plan, developing processes and growing the team
Once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to hone and execute best-in-class media and client relations for a global CPG house of brands.

JOB REQUIREMENTS:

10 years relevant experience in communications; earned media expertise is a must  retail experience a plus!
BABS in Journalism, English, Communications, Public Relations, Marketing or related field
Strong hold of the consumer media landscape and a tactfulness for knowing what drives consumer news cycles
Ability to engage with and counsel senior level decision-makers across the clients business, and deliver connective insights to assist clients in driving alignment and execution of cross-company initiatives
Demonstrated experience working directly with clients on day-to-day activities, managing teams to execute public relations plans effectively, and drafting and implementing communications programs within budget
Expert problem-solving skills and an ongoing sense of resourcefulness to address multiple competing issues under tight deadlines
Advanced knowledge of top-tier business and national consumer media, and well-developed-skills in building and maintaining traditional and digital media relationships
Superior writing skills, expert in Associated Press style with the ability to develop and edit high-quality materials including; communications plans, media POVs, press materials, fact sheets, bylined articles, trend analysis summaries, executive correspondence, and presentations.
Ability to motivate and lead a team with experience fostering team growth and development
Collaborative spirit and ability to mobilize others to achieve a common goal, while also recognizing when its needed to roll up your sleeves and do the job yourself
Willingness to challenge clients and team members, recognizing when and how to resolve, gain consensus and move forward
Experience managing all financial aspects of client business with creative ideas on how to achieve revenue goals internally
A make it possible attitude that propels you to find an answer or solution, no matter the circumstances
Knack for building trusted relationships with clients and prospects that lead to additional, incremental new business opportunities.
Open to travel

About Us:
Golin is a progressive public relations agency designed to reach the profoundly diverse market. Inclusion is a core value for Golin, and we are focused on establishing a culture that is intentionally inclusive, potently diverse, and uncompromisingly equitable.  
Our expertise ranges from brand-building and cutting-edge digital content to corporate reputation, healthcare advocacy and measurement. Golin aligns earned-first, data-driven creative with the customer journey through our collaborative G4 Model to deliver maximum impact for clients. Our roster includes many of the largest CPG, retail, food, healthcare technology and consumer service companies in the world.  
Salary Range: 120,000 - 219,000
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.
Please note: Preferred location is Dallas, Texas and we are open to considering qualified remote candidates in other locations.
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.
Golin is an Equal Opportunity Employer  MFVeteranDisabilitySexual OrientationGender Identity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
 
LI-DNI
LI-CP1
LI-KW1
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.