
The Role
The rise of companies as change agents and world problem-solvers is one of the most influential shifts in corporate reputation in the last decade—and executive visibility has never been more essential. In our mission to help companies create change that matters, Golin provides holistic strategic thought leadership services to position executives and their companies as visionaries, influencers, and conveners of conversation.
The Golin New York Corporate practice is looking to add a self-starting, passionate and skilled Manager to one of its fastest-growing and most in-demand offerings on the Executive Visibility team. As Manager, Executive Visibility, you will be a core member of account teams executing thought leadership programs for a variety of high-profile clients in industries such as food  beverage, beautyretail, and pet care. This includes coordinating executive speaking and media opportunities, developing briefing and messaging materials, authoring award submissions, and leading junior team members.
Foundational to this role is a passion for corporate and executive storytelling, experience pitching business media  coordinating speaking opportunities, and general knowledge of the social landscape. As a client counselor, you must be service-oriented, interpersonal, and flexible. As an agency professional, you must be fast paced, organized, strategic, and a great team player.
If youre interested in creating the best work of your life on a high-performing team with tremendous growth opportunity  we want to hear from you!
What Youll Do:

Execute executive visibility and thought leadership programs, with a focus on shepherding external speaking, media and award opportunities.
Research and vet visibility opportunities, providing smart and critically thinking counsel to the team and clients.
Develop briefing materials for secured speaking and media opportunities, to drive executive preparation and ensure messaging success.
Author exceptional award nominations to elevate client leaders and organizations.
Grow and cultivate relationships with key conveners of conversation at some of the worlds leading business conferences such as SXSW, CES, Cannes Festival of Creativity, Fast Company and beyond. Stay on top of developments in conferences, awardsrankings and executive visibility.
Serve as an integral member of the account team addressing the varied and changing needs of clients. Drive programs forward and set an example for junior team members (interns, associates and senior associates). Delegate responsibilities as appropriate and meet both internal and external deadlines under pressure.
Hold and set a high bar for smart and sound ideas, flawless execution of client programs and internal project management.
Provide counsel to help clients position their brand competitively or defending presence in a disrupted industry.
Collaborate with G4 team members (creative, planning and digital experts) to develop and execute integrated campaigns that can work cross-channel.
Stay on top of industry best practices, client and competitor brand activity, and ensure Golin delivers game-changing ideas and solutions.
Help build Golins competitive executive visibility offering, including network resources.

What You Have:

Bachelors degree, preferably in PR, marketing communications, journalism or related field.
3-5 years of corporate PR experience amassing growing responsibilities, with at least 2 years in a PR agency.
Exceptional communication skills, including written, verbal and presentation. You know how to craft a compelling storyline and sell ideas. Youve contributed to winning award entries.
Proven ability to develop work that is client-ready with minimal oversight.
Experience managing budgets and resources.
A good understanding of client business to provide agency points of view and identify opportunities.
A collaborative spirit, results-driven mindset, and the capacity to manage multiple priorities against deadlines.
Excellent organizational and planning skills; able to work quickly under pressure, handling and prioritizing multiple assignments.
Knowledge of when and how to delegate  leadership skills.

What You Are:

Passionate  results-driven
Self-starting with a can-do attitude
Collaborative
Decisive
Pragmatic
Adaptable
Inspired  inspiring
Detail  solution-oriented
A dynamic communicator
Voracious reader of news  lover of culture
Unique and quirky in your own way

 
Who is Golin?
Golin is a global public relations agency that helps companies create change that matters. Together, we discover powerful human truths that bind us, create with bravery and collaborate inclusively and obsessively. Golins 1,700 global employees operate across 50 offices worldwide, allowing us to provide our clients with comprehensive solutions for multi-market, regional and global communications programs. Golin was named PRovoke Medias 2022 overall North America Agency of the Year; PRovoke Medias 2022 and 2021 North America Large Agency of the Year; PRWeeks 2021, 2020 and 2019 Global Agency of the Year; AMECs 2021, 2020 and 2019 Communications Research  Measurement Team of the Year; a 2021 Chicago Tribune Top Workplace and is the first-ever PR agency to be credited with ideation, when the firm took home Gold and Silver Lions at the 2019 Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity.
Why Work for Us?
We reward our employees for creating the best work of their lives, providing the following benefits that we highly encourage our employees to utilize:

Flexible, hybrid culture that encourages worklife balance, self-care and collaboration
Unlimited time off
Year-round Flexible Fridays
Extended leave
Monthly wellness stipend
Tuition reimbursement
401K matching program
Training and career pathing
Community service opportunities[H(1]

Salary Range: 55,000-95,000
Golin has included the base salary or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; market considerations; budgetary considerations; as well as a candidates background, relevant experience, and qualifications
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.