The Overview:
Were excited to be looking for an Account Director for our team here at RCPMK!
We are searching for a culture-hungry individual who believes in the power of talent and influencer to drive authentic brand building work. In this role you will cast, procure, and project manage Influencer Talent and Collaboration Partners for marketing campaigns and proposals for both existing and new business endeavors. You have an in-depth knowledge of the influencer and cultural landscape, passion for pop culture and knows what is trending digitally and editorially, strong interpersonal skills, meticulous attention to detail and the ability to multi-task at a high level.
As a leader, you recognize that excellent client service is the key to our success and that drives your daily interactions. You enjoy leading and developing an account team, helping to craft the skills of rising stars.
Could this be the right team for you?
The Fine Print:

Build and drive the creation of creative Influencer proposals, make recommendations informed by consumer insights, KPIs and industry landscape.
Lead negotiations on behalf of clients to procure the appropriate, authentic Talent, meeting return on investment goals for campaigns and clients, including agencies, Talent, brands and internal stakeholders.
Act as key liaison between ClientClients Legal teams and TalentTalents team during negotiations, contract execution and live campaigns.
Lead TalentTalents teams on activations, providing outstanding service and management.
Use an existing, strong network of contacts  relationships and industry knowledge to build and fast-track opportunities for clients.
Play a key role and take initiative in sourcing and driving new business and additional revenue opportunities with both current and new clients, including repackaging of existing services and leading on pitchnew business responses.
Lead multi-discipline teams to achieve results, ensuring effective communication and collaboration, including managing upwards to the senior team as required.
Work with Finance to lead all aspects of and implement timely generation of required invoices and the overseeing of Talent payments.
Write and produce proposals, evaluations, reports and presentations for both for internal and external use, which demonstrate clarity, clear structure and creativity.
Demonstrate high levels of commerciality and apply a keen understanding of the broader marketing environment and business strategy including to monitor, track and share new innovation, social trends, tools and platforms to connect with brand strategies.

The Needs:

6-9 years relevant work experience in Influencer and Talent procurement or management andor brand partnerships.
Experience in influencer and creator marketing.
The ability to strategize, ideate, build, execute and manage a full end to end campaign.
A natural Client Services person  approachable and an excellent relationship builder.
Have an established network of talent representative contacts.
Excellent negotiation skills with consistent and successful experience in closing high level contracts, strong contractual understanding  from the formal NDA, MSA, SOW client process to drafting long form Talent and Brand Collaborator contracts.
An understanding of SAG and its related implications when executing Talent deals.
Broad understanding of product development process and Intellectual Property rights including music, copyright, trademarks etc.
Committed to deliver results and goes after the target, with a strong focus on KPIs.
Strong knowledge around leading social media platforms such as Tik Tok, Instagram, Twitch, Facebook, YouTube and Twitter etc.
Advanced proficiency with CRM, digital analytics and social tools, as well as Excel, Power Point, Dynamics and Creator IQ.
Ability to conduct competitor analyses to understand how our clients competitors leverage Entertainment Marketing and Talents specifically and identify any gaps or opportunities to pursue to remain at the forefront and stand out.

Why Us:
RCPMK is the original entertainment and culture agency! Our purpose is to drive cultural relevance  engagement for talent, brands, and content creators. Our vision is to inspire communities through cultural connection. Our Values: Be Human, Be Purposeful, Lead with Passion, Be Open Minded, Be Connected.
Our peoples well-being is one of our highest priorities! A 1pm finish on Fridays, flexible paid time off, and our Body, Mind, Soul program are here to help us all balance our busy lives.
We are a sociable bunch, we make sure we find lots of excuses to come together both virtually and in person through our many company events, hosted by our social committee and employee resource groups.
To support your career development, we have a wealth of internal and external learning opportunities. Tuition reimbursement is also available for those that are interested in continued education.
It is not just about living in the here and now, so we also help you plan for your future with a 401k, a stock purchase plan, generous paid family leave, fertility, and adoption benefits.
With offices in Los Angeles, New York, and London, RCPMK is part of the Octagon Sports and Entertainment Network.
Salary: 80,000.00- 100,000.00 annually
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.