San Francisco or LA based preferred; must be located in West Coast
Applications must include a portfolio link, including password if applicable, for consideration
We believe in Extraordinary.  
At Jack Morton we create head-turning, stomach-dropping, mind-boggling, smile-inducing brand experiences for everyone. Its the future of marketing and theres nothing passive or predictable about it. We promise every day will be different than the previous one in a very good way.  
We take care of each other, as much as we take care of business. We marvel in each others uniqueness and revel in what each of us brings to the human potluck that is Jack. 
So, if you want to help shape the future of an entire industry, welcome. If you feel work, and the people you work with, can be extraordinary, lets chat. Were Jack, and we cant wait to meet you. 
That brings us to you. 
As a Senior Creative Director in our brand experience agency you are accountable for creating and developing original and innovative ideas as well as executing on how those ideas come to life. Day to day, you will dig-in to the work and participate in the generation and unpacking of ideas, platforms, and campaigns, and not solely rely on others. Understanding of the digital landscape a must, and how it is shaping both integrated marketing and live experiences.You will help manage key staff in our creative department, as well as inspiring creative directors and the team to deliver awesome work with a keen focus on design excellence.
What youll be doing 
Creative Leadership

Manage and mentor the Integrated creative team. And get your hands dirty when its required.  Were all doers, not just directors
Critique the work of other creatives without needing it to be your idea.  Its about the team and the deliverable; however, we arrive there
Inspire inclusiveness and be generous with your ideas and your time
Be passionate about our business and our vision for the future and bring your passion for new creative thinking and new creative delivery to your team and the wider agency every day
Network with our global creative teams to share ideas, knowledge, and resources locally
Serve as a trusted advisor and strategic partner to key senior clients
Help to articulate and sell Jack Morton to our clients using the quality of your thinking, presentation skills, relationship-building abilities and passion for their brandsproducts and our business
Foster a culture and environment that is conducive to creative development by making creative sessions a safe place where all participants are heard and respected, resulting in superior creative solutions
Understand, utilize, teach, and champion processes and tools that facilitate productive creative development

Creative Ideas

Work collaboratively with the strategy team to uncover fresh brandproduct audience insights and define strategic approaches to solving our clients problems
Take those fresh brandproductaudience insights and strategic approaches and turn them into big ideas
Lead a wider team of creative, design, technology, and production folks to bring ideas to life in the form of powerful creative expression and fresh, inventive creative experiences and tactics
Be comfortable and excited about bringing ideas to life across mediums, clients, and audiences
Pitch our clients and win them over with business-driven innovative ideas that have measurable results

Creative Execution  Production

Work closely with the creative and execution communities (account directors, producers, technologists, strategists, and designers live, screen, digital, graphic, set and environment talent) to ensure your ideas are as powerful as they were when pitched.
Remain involved in production after the sale to ensure creative integrity, be a creative resource to the team as client needs or budgets change, and further develop the relationship with the client.
Direct specific execution and production when and where appropriate.

If you can do all that, you have what it takes. It might help if  

Event marketing and B2B conference experience, from keynote (general session) to lookfeel, to integrated marketing, print, video and digital social mobile.
Prior success leading teams, fostering culture.
Experience leading creative in a project based, small to mid-size agency
Strong design background (open to contentintegrated strategy background)
Proven ability to elevate creative output

Last, but not least, we  believe in diversity, equity, and inclusion.  
Jack Morton and Genuine are equal opportunity employers; we strongly value diversity at our companies. We do not discriminate on race, religion, color, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law. In 2020, Jack Morton and Genuine, as part of Interpublic Group (IPG), have been named to the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index (GEI), and Jack Morton has once again been designated a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Workplace Equality by the Human Rights Campaign in their Corporate Equality Index.   
In Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada and New York City the standard base pay range for this role is 175,000 200,000 annually, depending on relevant factors including experience, internal equity and market considerations. This base pay range is specific to Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, and New York City and may not be applicable to other locations.    
LI-SC1We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.