Golin New York is looking for an Associate to join our team! 
Who We Are
Golin is a progressive public relations agency with expertise ranging from brand-building and cutting- edge digital content, to corporate reputation, healthcare advocacy and measurement. Golin aligns earned-first, data-driven creative with the customer journey, to deliver maximum impact for clients and reach a profoundly diverse global market. Go All In is the agencys ethos and commitment to bravery over mediocrity.
We Go All In, in everything we do. Were especially committed to Go All In for our people. We challenge our employees to be Courageously Happy, and have empowered them to do so by offering our LifeTime benefits program. Lifetime offers unlimited time off, enhanced family care, ridiculously good health and wellness benefits, and a monthly LifeTime stipend for the gym or hobbies. We really do want you to play as hard as you work!
Ready to go all in with us?
What Youll Do:

Support day-to-day team needs
Partner with account teams to create engaging media campaigns, establish and maintain relationships with media, industry analysts and online influencers, and guide our clients messaging to resonate with these audiences
Build long-term media relationships with editors
Work effectively in a team environment and collaborate with all members of the team
Engage with clients and agency partners on a regular basis to create innovative programs that help shine a positive light on the client and brand, in addition to reaching new audiences who are receptive to our clients products
Partner colleagues to amplify new or top-performing content across paid media channels; know which audiences to target  and when  to boost visibility and maximize ROI

What You Have:
You will have a bachelors degree, and a minimum of one year of professional experience with an understanding of media relations and media monitoring tools. Additional qualifications include:

Strong writing and outreach skills are necessary. Not afraid of the cold call to establish new relationships
A passion for securing placements for the client and building relationships with local media and influencers
Excellent communication, organizational and computer skills are a must, along with the ability meet deadlines, juggle multiple tasks, and handle fast-paced environment
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, and media monitoring, tracking and reporting
Well versed in AP style

Salary range: 40,000 - 55,000
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations. 
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.