The Brooklyn Brothers
Job Spec: Business Director 
Reporting to: Dawn Langeland
 




WERE THE EARNED-FIRST CREATIVITY AGENCY BUILT FOR THE MODERN WORLD.
 
From the outset, we built an agency capable of answering the needs of future-facing clients - those who demand big brand ideas without the heavy overheads of complex structures, multiple departments or the reliance on paid media. And, we love to partner with ambitious marketers and partners, who like us, believe that in todays opt-out culture attention can no longer be bought, it must be earned first.
 
We always strive to create earned-first ideas that truly matter, from brand platforms to one-off posts, the ones that will Rise Above the Noise of culture, rise above the conventions of category and rise above the constraints of siloed, traditional advertising. Because we believe these are the ideas that earn their place in consumers lives and drive the most effective business outcomes.
 
We combine the rigor of advertising and brand planning with the relevance of earned and the efficiency of nimble production. Its how we create ideas that people and the media want to talk about and share. We call it earned-first, its advertising thats so good, it doesnt feel like advertising.




The role
The Business Director will play a pivotal role in our agency, working with some of our most important client brands and leading some of our most important pitches.  A self-starter with a great track record of building brilliant  strong business partnerships, youll be able to demonstrate how youve added real value to the brands youve led, how youve built out and grown partnerships in to long lasting and mutually profitable relationships and how youve successfully pitched and converted new business opportunities.  You know how to motivate and run a diverse and entrepreneurial team and you know how to deliver best in class creative, profitably and in strong partnership with a client team.
There are five key areas our Business Director will need to focus on:
 
New business leadership
       Youll understand what makes a great agency pitch and feel confident in leading an agency team to develop and deliver a winning presentation  strong future relationships. 
       Youll be an expert relationship builder, confident in consultative selling and understanding how to position the agencys products to clients so they can understand the business benefit of working with our agency.
       Youll have a great track record in motivating and managing new business cross-agency teams to truly listen to potential client needs and keep the group together to deliver the final solution.
Management  Motivation
       Youll be responsible, along with your strategy and creative partners, for the motivation of the entire team. And management of specific individuals in their career progression and their growth.   Youll feel confident in leading  inspiring diverse teams, ensuring they have what they need to flourish  perform, helping them build their knowledge  learning.
Revenue growth  agency business tracking
       You will be one of the guardians of our business, responsible for identifying and delivering revenue growth opportunities, keeping the team accountable to approved scopes and managing teams to  timelines so that projects are on track vs billing calendar
       Youll be agile in the way you work, ensuring the project scopes and costings deliver value for money for our clients and meet the profitability targets in the agency, youll feel comfortable in managing large budgets and ensuring they deliver on our promises.
Lead Integrator
       Building the reputation of the Brooklyn Brothers across the Golin Group brands and throughout the broader Dxtra community, building business relationships and opening new opportunities.
Brilliant Client partnership
       Youll know how to be an indispensable client lead, working with senior brand marketeers to ensure every piece of Brooklyn Brothers work delivers effectively against their business objectives and be their trusted partner to map out the business plan for the years ahead.
       Youll feel as confident discussing their business challenges as you do their communications ones, identifying opportunities for mutually beneficial agency-client partnership across their product portfolio.
Delivering best in class creative against business strategy
       Youll know how to partner strategists and creatives to deliver fresh insightful strategy and class leading creativity supporting  challenging the team to deliver great ideas that are as effective as they are brilliant.
       Youll be a digital native and fluent in data driven strategy having a strong portfolio of performance driven digital  social activations and creative work.
       Youll understand the role of earned, owned and paid for media and feel confident in partnering senior communications and media planners ensuring that briefs delivered from branding to performance marketing, editorial to website, advertising to social, reflect our clients brand priorities, strategy and are delivering against business objectives.
Key skills
       A clear understanding of client business objectives and an ability to help translate these into integrated briefs
       A comfort and understanding of PR and media to be able to brief and review work from these teams
       An organised leader able to work across multiple workstreams with tight deadlines and prioritise
       Ambitious, hardworking and proactive  comfortable with turning the unknown into a structured plan
       Clarity  someone who is comfortable navigating and decoding the complexities of cross market, cross agency and stakeholders to bring clarity to the team and how to move forward
       Can-do attitude  in a small agency, no one is too good for the smallest of task.  Working as a team and supporting one another is paramount for success.
       Calm under pressure, with the ability to be assertive yet approachable.
       Previous experience managing integrated businesses
       Strength and comfort manging complex scopes of work and detailed revenue streams
       An experienced team leader who can provide inspiration, guidance  support
       Aspires to be a managing director in the near future




Salary: 150,000-260,000
Brooklyn Brothers has included the base salary or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; market considerations; budgetary considerations; as well as a candidates background, relevant experience, and qualifications.
Brooklyn Brothers is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Brooklyn Brothers. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interviewWe make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.