
Weber Shandwick is looking for a Vice President to join our Consumer team in our New York office supporting iconic household name consumer brands.
We Are Seeking:
Were looking for a strong, motivated, hard-working and curious Vice President to join our Consumer Practice, working across lifestyle and CPG brands. You will spearhead high profile, award-worthy, earned-driven integrated activations and productions for one of our top food clients (famous for out-of-this-world creations). You will work with high profile celebrity talent, influencers and red-carpet events. You will be responsible for managing client and inter-agency relationships, playing a critical role in determining the future and long-term success of our Consumer Practice. You will be responsible for all aspects of a client relationship and account team. You will supervise big pieces of business with multiple work streams and team members.
Other responsibilities include recommending programs and activities coordinating with clients goals, effectively delegating projects, offering counsel to team members and allocating agency resources to match client budgets. You will also be engaged with business development, strategic program planning, analytics, media relations and the development and execution of creative concepts. Ideally, you will have agency or consulting experience in the Consumer communications or beautylifestyle space.
What We Are Looking For:

        Love for all-things related to CPG food brands and food trends
        Can turn ideas into workable plans and presentations
        Proven experience building programs and ability to shape brand stories that drive earned media
        Capacity to convey ownership of assigned projects to junior team members
        Can solve conflict
        Can mobilize and motivate teams
        Can work independently and as part of a team
        Excellent oral and written business communication skills
        Aptitude for financial analysis
        Can complete challenging projects within set parameters
        Exceptional judgment when working with team members, client contacts and vendors
        Commitment and dedication to the agencys success as well as individual career
        Can anticipate client and team needs
        Attention to detail and quality
        Instills confidence with clients and colleagues

Basic Qualifications:

        At least 8-10 years experience in agency, PRCommunications space
        Experienced in Integrated Media Strategy and Media Relations, ideally within the consumer or CPG space
        Bachelors Degree in Communications, Business Management, or related field

 
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

 
NYC Salary range: 125,000 - 165,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.