Manager, Client Experience 
About Us
The Weber Shandwick Collective (including Weber Shandwick  the Myriant Capital Markets boutique) is a strategic communications and consulting network built for the convergence of society, media, policy and technology. Together, our specialty capabilities help shape successful organizations. Our Capital Markets, Crisis  Issues Management Practice helps leading organizations shape and communicate their financial narrative, mitigate reputational issues and develop the infrastructure needed to anticipate, prepare, and effectively navigate challenges from market conditions to business changes. We help companies of all sizes with quarterly earnings, mergers and acquisitions, investments, divestitures, shareholder activism, bankruptcies, and executive transitions to shareholder activism. Whether it is a program affecting internal stakeholders or an external effort to enhance or defend an organizations financial standing or reputation, we work directly with our global network of colleagues to provide counsel to clients across industries and sectors.
Candidate Qualities
We are looking for a mid-level practitioner to join our growing Capital Markets team. The ideal candidate has a background in financial communications andor capital markets-driven work, including financial transactions and earnings. This person can contribute communications and investor relations expertise in support of a wide variety of project-level and ongoing client work.
They will play a role in leading day-to-day account activity, quarterly earnings support, transaction work (IPOs, MA, investments, etc.), supporting deal and non-deal Roadshows, Investor Days and special situations such as shareholder activism and bankruptcy. They will be responsible for leading strategy development, drafting materials, interfacing with clients and executing programs, campaigns, and plans with support from both senior and junior team members. The practitioner will also manage multiple accounts and time-sensitive deliverables on a daily basis and should be accustomed to meeting deadlines and regularly exceeding client expectations.
We are seeking a professional with strong writing skills and familiarity with a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environment. You should be intimately familiar with current financial and economic events and trends, as well as comfortable providing analysis to clients and our internal team. Finally, you should be curious, resourceful, and entrepreneurial. The nature of the work we do requires meticulous attention to detail, a strong work ethic, and an ability and eagerness to juggle multiple responsibilities, inside and outside traditional work hours.
What You Will Be Doing

Support a range of financial communications and special situations, including MA, IPOs (initial public offerings), shareholder activism, defense against short-sellers, bankruptcies, series financing, as well as earnings support and other investor relations activities (roadshows and investoranalyst days)
Serving as the day-to-day client contact- creating or helping to create, drive, and execute a range of communications plans, as well as investor and media engagements
Execute frequent media outreach around financial events, including backgrounding and pitching reporters, error correcting, and facilitating client media interviews, as appropriate
Provide regular counsel to clients
Work with client partners as appropriate, such as legal counsel, buy-side, vendors, etc.
Keep client programs on schedule and ensure all deadlines are met within set budget parameters
Manage, train and motivate junior team members and help create opportunities for their growth
Participate in new business development for the group and collaborate among practice areas at the agency in support of new business pitches

 
 Basic Qualifications

BA or BS, preferably in BusinessFinance, Communications, International Relations, or similar fields
2-3 years of relevant financial communications, investor relations, andor special situations experience at a prior agency andor company
Solid understanding of capital markets and issues affecting the financial and reputational well-being of companies
Skilled media relations strategist and practitioner with tier one and business media relations experience
Thrives under pressure and can handle multiple projects in a demanding, deadline-oriented environment, while maintaining meticulous attention to detail
Exercises exceptional judgment when working with clients, team members, and vendors
Communicates clearly, analytically, and persuasively both orally and in writing
Problem solver and conflict resolver
Capable of mobilizing and motivating account teams, anticipating needs, and instilling confidence
Familiarity with latest digital trends in social media strategy, tools, and analytics
Experienced and interested in supporting new business and cross-selling efforts
Media and crisis training experience are a plus

 
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

NYC Salary range: 82,000 - 92,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-OD1
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.