
About The Brooklyn Brothers
Welcome to Brooklyn: the Earned 1st Ad Agency and global network built for the modern world. We call it Earned 1st, but to put it simply, its advertising thats so good, it doesnt feel like advertising. We turn brand purpose into action and create ideas that matter, to Rise Above the Noise of culture, rise above category conventions and rise above the constraints of traditional advertising.
Were a close-knit team of creatives, planners, business managers and makers who combine the rigor of marketing science with the relevance of earned media to develop and distribute ideas that help brands build long-term value  earning our way into peoples lives and communities.
About the role
This copywriter will be a key member of our in-house social creative team to concept and bring to life unexpected, hilarious, and shareworthy content ideas. We are seeking an energetic, motivated individual who would like to flex their creativity across multiple social channels, while getting hands-on experience for an iconic brand.
Please note, this role is about so much more than writing social copy. From static visuals to snackable videos, to longform entertainment, you will create the original ideas themselves. If you love making stuff, this could be your dream job.
What youll do:
 Come up with original content ideas from scratch and help figure out how to bring them to life
 Create entertaining content ideas tailored to each social channel  Twitter, IG, YouTube, etc.  Create a mix of long-lead, quick turn and real time content
 Collaborate with a team to identify content themes, trends  storytelling opportunities
 Work in different capacities depending on the project - solo, collaboratively with a partner, or with a production team
 Interface directly with client throughout the process, including brainstorming, presentation and feedback
 Balance ideating the next content idea while still executing the last one
 Manage your own timelines to ensure all work is created in a timely manner
 Gain an instinctive understanding of our clients look, feel, voice and tone
 Stay ahead of the latest trends, interests and passions of our target audiences
 Make us laugh, gasp, screenshot, watch on repeat, and ask howd you think of that??
What you have:
 0-1 years experience working with a content team  whether at an agency, content studio, or in-house for a brand
 Hands-on experience creating a variety of content types across social channels
 A range of copywriting expertise, from Tweets to memes to scripted video with dialogue
 Strong storytelling skills  especially visual storytelling
 A good eye for art direction  design
 A personal passion for creating social content, and staying on top of social trends  innovative creators
 A deep love of both pop culture and internet culture
 Ability to present and communicate ideas clearly to clients, and take feedback in good spirits
 Reliable spelling and grammar
 A hilarious sense of humor and unique POV
 A childlike sense of wonder and playful imagination
 Experience with kid-family-friendly brands
 Experience in creating earned-led activations and advertising campaigns a plus
Salary range: 40,000-55,000
The Brooklyn Brothers has included the base salary or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; market considerations; budgetary considerations; as well as a candidates background, relevant experience, and qualifications.
Brooklyn Brothers is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Brooklyn Brothers recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or racial origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental ability, sexual orientation or gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.