
Associate Director of Production
WERE THE EARNED-FIRST CREATIVITY AGENCY BUILT FOR THE MODERN WORLD.
From the outset, we built an agency capable of answering the needs of future-facing clients  those who demand big brand ideas without the heavy overheads of complex structures or the reliance on paid media. And we love to partner with ambitious marketers and partners who, like us, believe that in todays opt-out culture attention can no longer be bought  it must be earned first.
We always strive to create earned-first ideas that truly matter, from brand platforms to one-off posts, the ones that will Rise Above the Noise of culture, rise above the conventions of category and rise above the constraints of siloed, traditional advertising. Because we believe these are the ideas that earn their place in consumers lives and drive the most effective business outcomes.
We combine the rigor of advertising and brand planning with the relevance of earned and the efficiency of nimble production. Its how we create ideas that people and the media want to talk about and share. We call it earned-first  its advertising thats so good, it doesnt feel like advertising.
Overview:
The Brooklyn Brothers, a Top 5 Global Agency, is looking for an Associate Director of Production that is eager to bring their passion for production and creative storytelling to our growing, fast-paced agency. Associate Director of Production is a critical role as the agency is continuously exploring ways to expand its production capabilities in todays ever-changing production landscape. The right candidate is a creative-minded problem solver and an experienced leader across a wide range of production projects.
Key Responsibilities:

Partner early  often with creative team to provide creative, forward-thinking production solutions to best accomplish their vision.
Work closely with internal agency team members and larger integrated agency team to review and ballpark incoming production projects.
Research and maintain relationships with vendors and production partners to ensure best-in-class production output.
Lead  manage all aspects of integrated production from concept through completion: SOW development, budgeting, project plan and calendar, vendor sourcing contracts, billing and invoice tracking, and project management.
Mentor junior producer(s) and perform annual evaluations to ensure that expectations are met, and goals are established
Work closely with finance to ensure project profitability and future forecasting.
Present production capabilities to clients and IAT leadership.
Keep current on New Media  production technology trends to ensure that we are always offering the most efficient production approaches.
Help uphold the agencys diversity and inclusivity initiatives within production.
Client-facing role from project conception through completion.

Qualifications  Skills:

At least 7-9 years of experience working in an integrated role at a fast-paced agency or production company
Experience producing integrated work  from large scale to turnkey  including TV Video, Print, Digital Social, Radio, and influencer marketing
Strong presence on-set, behaving as the liaison between client agency team and production company director
Entrepreneurial spirit with the ambition to grow the Production Department and expand the agencys production capabilities
Comfortable working across different lines of business and being the face of the production team within the agency and with our clients  business partners
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously
Ambitious, hardworking, and proactive  comfortable with turning the unknown into a structured plan
Impeccable communication skills, including the ability to communicate, collaborate, and negotiate with all types of people in different positions
Can-do attitude  in a small agency, no one is too good for the smallest of task. Working as a team and supporting one another is paramount for success.

Salary Range: 70,000-130,000
The Brooklyn Brothers has included the base salary or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; market considerations; budgetary considerations; as well as a candidates background, relevant experience, and qualifications
The Brooklyn Brothers is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.