

Senior CopywriterJob Description
 

About Us

Virgo Health works for pharmaceutical, biotech, and device companies to inform and educate healthcare professionals about the latest developments in clinical research and therapeutic approaches. 
We leverage our meetings, digital, and interactive expertise to understand whats easy and relevant for healthcare professionals to engage with. We tailor our content and design it to offer choice and active participation. 
Real, relevant, and human.
 

Job Overview
We are looking for an exceptional Senior Copywriter with a passion for creativity and clarity. Your role will focus on concepting and producing ideas for a broad range of healthcare clients. Through your work, you will demonstrate breakthrough, big-platform thinking, strategic expertise, and detail-obsessed executional flair. 
Working within a relatively small and dynamic creative team, your role will be varied in with regards to execution. From PowerPoint presentations to storyboards, you will collaborate closely with our cross-functional team to transform medical education into exceptional experiences by leveraging your expertise in storytelling and communicating with impact.
We are seeking a curious, highly motivated self-starter who can bring ideas to life, recognize the germ of an idea in others, and help turn ideas into award-winning programs. We want people who love presenting their own ideas and are willing to work with others to hone them to perfection. 
Our ideal candidate will have professional-level mastery of industry standard software and tools including the full suite Microsoft office and the big three Adobe apps (Id, Ai  Ps) is essential to support the role. 

A minimum of 5 years in a fast-paced studio environment is desirable, as is the ability to work from your own initiative along with excellent time management. A strong portfolio demonstrating your skills as a creative thinker and communicator is a must.
 

Core Responsibilities
       Creative oversight of copy across agency-developed assets for clients and in-house communications
       Concepting, planning, and executing integrated campaigns across a wide range of media and platforms, especially social, digital, video and in-person experiences
       Prepare and sell in creative ideas with client-ready presentations
       Work in concert with a wide range of departments including client services, strategy, scientific, design, digital and motion 
       Work effectively with external vendors and internal colleagues to complete projects within timeframe and budget 

 

ExperienceSkills Required
       Exceptional storytelling, verbal, and written communication skills
       Strategic insight and sensitivity to trends in popular culture and design
       Artistic eye, original thinking, and creative ideas
       Ability to take concepts from initial brief through to final execution
       Great presentation skills
       Ability to prioritize and work within tight timeframes
       Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office (Powerpoint, Word, Excel)
       Advanced knowledge of Adobe CS (InDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator)
       Highly motivated to work from own initiative
       Attention to detail
       Organized and logical
       Confident and proactive
       Adaptable

 

 

Level of Experience
Minimum 5 years of studioagencyin-house experience

 

Qualification
Diploma or degree ideally from Ad School background or related

 

Virgo Characteristics

 

       Team player
       Reliable
       Enthusiastic
       Conscientious
       Proactive
       Self-motivated
       Multitasker
       Organized
       Detail focused.

 

 

Key Performance Indicators
       Time management; meeting deadlines
       Quality of work
       Anecdotal client and team feedback
       Annual performance objectives and performance appraisal
 Salary: 90,000-160,000
Virgo has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.
Virgo is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.