VP, Analytics  Insights
 
The VP, Analyst will deliver data-driven, actionable insights on behalf of our clients. Ideal candidates will be excited about championing for the analytics discipline and fluent in the various technologies, platforms and best practices that define the online media and marketing space. Are you interested in developing solutions based on data-driven findings? Do you obsessively track social and digital trends?
About you: You are a highly collaborative, original thinker who is endlessly curious about the intersections of people, culture, brands, and media. You think and write clearly, and you understand diverse media platforms and technology. You can develop innovative measurement strategies, lead business intelligence efforts and manage the execution of analyses designed to drive deep understanding of consumer behavior and communications performance of todays brand communications challenges.
Responsibilities:

Work across teams to help set a strategic vision for consumer brand and communications strategies from start to finish, including execution and performance evaluation.
Champion the use of data to inform decision-making at all levels internally and externally.
Provide hands-on consultancy, collaboration and support to clients and project teams in designing, budgeting, staffing, and delivering analytics work.
Derive insights from data to create a compelling narrative that moves internal and external audiences to act on our recommendations.
Proficiency with earned, owned, and paid aspects of digital content management, including social media, site analytics and search.
Experience using mediamarketing intelligence, social listening, or other research tools such as: MRI Simmons, YouGov, Talkwaker, Quid, Brandwatch, Infegy, Comscore or Mintel.
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
Comfort with working in and contributing to a fast-paced, team environment. 
Reports to regional Analytics  Intelligence Lead, plays an active role in team development, and manages, supervises and mentors talented and eager junior staff.
5-10 years experience (preferably in consumer marketing, PR andor advertising)

If youre interested in creating the industrys most important, culturally relevant work we should talk.
About Us
Weber Shandwick is a leading global communications network that delivers next-generation solutions to brands, businesses and organizations in major markets around the world. Led by world-class strategic and creative thinkers and activators, we have won some of the most prestigious awards in the industry. Weber Shandwick was named to Ad Ages Agency A-List in 2020 and Best Places to Work in 2019. Weber Shandwick was also honored as PRWeeks Global Agency of the Year in 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, and PRovokes Global Agency of the Year in 2015, 2017 and 2019. The firm earned 25 Lions at the 2019 Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity. Data-led, with earned ideas at the core, the agency deploys leading and emerging technologies to inform strategy, develop critical insights and heighten impact across sectors and specialty areas, including brand and B2B marketing, healthcare marketing, change management, employee engagement, corporate reputation, crisis management, data and analytics, technology, public affairs, social impact and financial communications. Weber Shandwick is part of the Interpublic Group (NYSE: IPG). For more information, visit http:www.webershandwick.com
 
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

 
NYC Salary range: 135,000 - 170,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
 
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
 
LI-OD1 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.