

ABOUT US - MOMENTUM WORLDWIDEMomentum is an agency of doers. We make the industrys most disruptive, entertaining, shareable, unforgettable experiences for our clients and their fans. We do it by bringing people closer to what they love, in original and unexpected ways. Whether its a physical activation, a virtual experience, or a piece of unique branded content, its all part of what we call the Total Brand Experience — ideas that solve business challenges, through best-in-class Consulting, Strategy, Analytics, Experience Design, and Production. 
We want you to help brands do amazing, unprecedented, wild things, creating experiences that people never forget.
 
WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM MOMENTUMAt Momentum, we expect our employees to embody our values!Our Core Values of Be One, Do Great Work, Have Fun, Give Back and Grow empower an environment where we challenge ourselves professionally and encourage each other personally.
At Momentum, we make our differences matter!Who we are matters.  We choose to hire diverse voices from all walks of life.  We choose to make our culture one where everyone can be their authentic self and speak in their voice. We choose to give each other permission to get things wrong, so we can learn to make them right.  We choose to celebrate the bravery of our peers and we choose to be collectively responsible.
At Momentum, we make our actions matter!Making it matter means always choosing the sustainable option. It means designing waste out from the start.  It means working with the right materials. Sourcing locally, innovating off-the-shelf solutions and reusing and repurposing. It means powering smarter. Travelling less. And only working with vendors who do the same. Make it matter means becoming the first experiential agency in the world to receive 2 ISO certifications.
At Momentum, we make our people matter!We choose to make your workplace part of your wellbeing. We choose a hybrid work model. We choose no meeting Fridays. We choose to let ourselves take as much Time Well Taken (vacation) as we need. We choose education programs that help our people develop professionally and personally. We choose tuition reimbursement. We choose to match your 401K. We choose to make your financial wellbeing our priority. We choose to make our peoples lives matter.
WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FORMomentum Worldwide is looking for an incredible Account Manager to be a key member of the business leadership team for a variety of our packaged goods clients. This individual will fully lead projects for multiple client business units on-time and on-brief and be responsible for the overall vision and plan to connect with their valued customers. You will have packaged goods marketing experience and be passionate about building brands, art, culinary, sports, entertainment, and culture. You will have a strong relationship with the client and actively evolve it in an effort to push forward big ideas. Overall, you will be the glue on the account for the client and your internal teams.

Must Haves:

Solid tactician  both strategic and tactical skills are necessary for success in this role
Has their finger on the pulse of culture. Understands current and emerging trends and ability to apply these to client challenges  project briefs

 
HERES WHAT YOULL DO (RESPONSIBILITIES) 
 Overall account and program management for client programs including, shopper marketing programs, events, activations, curated experiences, and integrated campaigns Develop rapport with clients, partner agencies, and third-party partners by providing day-to-day client contact, managing the relationships, expectations, and troubleshoot conflicts with clients and team members as they arise Effectively lead multiple programs simultaneously, taking initiative to manage up to Account Director Push new thinking and champion creative ideas with clients by developing clear, polished client presentations to sell-in concepts, creative, and recommendations Day-to-day client communications lead, including updates, approvals, reporting and presentations Cultivate and lead strong relationships with integrated agency teams Manage and reconcile program budgets Manage and mentor direct report(s): fostering an environment of mutual respect and partnership, strategic thinking, appropriate risk taking, open lines of communication, on-going performance feedback, professional development, and adherence to agency policy. Support Momentums values and core beliefs on an inclusive culture All other duties as assigned
 
HERES WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR (QUALIFICATIONS  REQUIREMENTS) 
 5 years of relevant experience in marketing, event andor project management Bachelors degree preferred Experience working with packaged goods companies or in shopper marketing is an asset Experience working in cultural industries (i.e. music  entertainment, sports) is an asset Proactive problem solver who thrives under pressure in a fast-paced work environment Curious, eager to learn and exceed what is expected Outstanding organizational skills and attention to detail, able to manage workload with minimal oversight or revisions to work Superior client servicing and relationship building skills with both internal and external stakeholders Personable and positive, eager to establish yourself as a valued leader and contributor to the team Experience leading a team and managing, training, mentoring more junior team members Experience building and managing budgets
 
 
MOMENTUM BENEFITS

Time Well Taken (our flexible benefits plan that allows you take the time you need)
Hybrid Work model  ability to work from home or in office
Holidays and Winter Break (agency closes between Christmas and New Years holidays)
No meeting Fridays
Curated DEI programs and initiatives
Medical, Dental and Vision plans
Short- and Long-term disability
401(K) with company match
EAP  Employee Assistance Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Work from Home stipend
Referral bonuses
Training and development opportunities
Flexible Spending Account
Health Saving Accounts

At Momentum Worldwide, we value diversity and the uniqueness of all people. We thrive in an inclusive environment, and we recruit, hire and promote without regard to race, gender, age, color, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, ethnic or national origin, citizenship, religion, sexual preference, military or veteran status, marital status, family status, physical or mental disability  or any other legally protected categories as set forth in the applicable state, federal or local laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment including training, compensation, benefits and all other privileges of employment.
LI-KD LI-HYBRID
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.