 
Art Direction Intern, WinterSpring 2024
Current Global
Current Global is an award-winning midsize agency and creative powerhouse. Our footprint spans North America, LATAM, EMEA, APAC and MENAT with expertise in corporate, consumer, health, and technology communications. Our dynamic team of public relations, marketing, and media veterans works with some of the worlds most iconic companies and brands to develop highly strategic and creative campaigns, collaborating across our four talent communities: Client Experience, Insights, Content, and Integrated Media.
 
The best IDEAs come from a diverse mix of minds, backgrounds, and experiences, which is why we believe that Inclusion, Diversity, Equity, and Accessibility are mission critical to building strong teams, cultivating great leaders, and creating an agency where everyone can do their best work. Our Accessible by Design commitment that all communication we create will meet the highest accessibility standards to reach people with sight, hearing, and cognitive disabilities was recognized as a World Changing Idea by Fast Company.
 
We put human connection at the center of everything we do  informing our approach to communications, client offerings, inclusive culture, agency values and more.
POSITION PROFILE
Our next Art Direction Intern is an enthusiastic, self-starter who is creative and able to multi-task.  This role is hands-on and affords a unique opportunity to learn the ins and outs of content creation at a communications agency.  Core responsibilities of this role includes the ability to work quickly, efficiently, and accurately within all required aspects of the Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator) as well as presentation software such as Keynote and PowerPoint. You should possess an ongoing drive to understand emerging techniques, trends and philosophies in design, technology, interaction and social media.  You will be concepting big ideas for all clients, working with copywriters and designers. 
This exciting opportunity is available for those college students and recent college graduates who are available to work Monday through Friday from 9am until 6pm.  This internship will run from January 2 through April 26, 2024 and is paid at 16.00hour. 
 
NYC Salary range: 16.00 - 16.00
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
 
Current Global is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Current recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, or citizenship status. 
 
LI-KG1
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.