
Associate 
As an Associate within our Global Crisis Practice, youll play a crucial role as an expert in extracting valuable insights during high-pressure crises. We use a variety of tools to analyze social and traditional media, monitor conversations, and track emerging narratives and counter-narratives globally. Your expertise will be critical in understanding how these factors can affect our clients. 
In this specialist role, youll be fully engaged in our daily operations and will have a deep understanding of the intelligence required by C-Suite executives to safeguard and improve their organizations reputation, business decisions, and stakeholder relationships during crises. This role is embedded across our crisis accounts, employing multiple monitoring tools and AI-based platforms to swiftly grasp narratives, distill key information, and provide actionable insights for our leadership and clients. You will have the opportunity to play a leading role in driving both ongoing client engagements and discrete projects. 
Candidate Qualities  
The ideal candidate will have an inquisitive nature, the work ethic to exhaustively research questions, and the writing skills and audience awareness necessary to share their findings as a story that is both immediately relevant and actionable. You will be expected to be both competent and comfortable speaking with authority on your research, regardless of your title or that of others in the room. Although our work begins with research, it ends with timely deliverables  an aptitude for time-management and task prioritization is required. Candidates with backgrounds in research, government or military intelligence work, social psychology, and awareness of the changing AI landscape are encouraged to apply. 
Our Team: 
The members of this team live at the front lines of media, culture, and conversation. We value curiosity, healthy skepticism, constructive feedback, and the confidence to speak truth to power. We care deeply about helping lead our clients through a crisis to make a positive impact on society. We work on some of societys most pressing and complex issues  and the nature of our work requires an ability and eagerness to juggle multiple responsibilities and multi-office client teams.  
What You Will Be Doing   

Conduct information gathering and assessment of clients and topics, seeking to identify, describe, and assess motives of narratives, actors, and audiences. 
Employ advanced data mining and open-source intelligence techniques to surface insights and craft actionable intelligence of value to C-suite leaders. 
Conduct live and long-term monitoring as needed, applying a depth of knowledge to provide context for real-time events impacting our clients. 
Serve as a trainer and subject matter expert on our tools and processes, developing your teammates and increasing use of narrative intelligence across the Weber Shandwick Collective.
Assist in the writing, production, and publishing of public-facing narrative intelligence products, highlighting our work and observations regarding the state of conversation in our society today.
Actively seek methods for increasing team efficiency and knowledge building, supporting integration of data collection and lessons learned across projects.
Serve as a key team member of the larger Global Crisis team, supporting a range of complex, high-profile corporate issues crisis communications situations.  
Support development of press releases, crisis plans, media strategies, reactive media statements, talking points, FAQs, memos, crisis simulations and other deliverables as needed.
Research and prepare executive summaries andor analyses detailing clear and concise findings.
Take part in client meetings; be prepared to participate, from accurately capturing notes to commenting on your research and answering client questions. 

 What We Are Looking For  

Curiosity, an analytical mind, attention to detail, and strong writing skills 
A storyteller, either naturally inclined or well-practiced   
Strong understanding of social media platforms and associated analytics
Experience with social psychology research, crisis communications, andor intelligence community collection  analysis standards
Familiarity with open source research sources (corporate financials, disclosures, data compilers)
Ability to prioritize multiple tasks and manage deadlines in a consistent manner
Resourceful, effective problem solver
Comfortable providing, seeking, and hearing feedback
Ability to take ownership, manage and see projects through from start to finish  

Basic Qualifications 

1-3 years of professional experience: in an agencystrategic consulting firm, government or military intelligence analysis, political campaign or organization, law or similar setting 
BA or BS, preferably in Political Science, history, journalism, International Relations or similar fields  
Knowledge of basic research and analysis skills 
Fluent in Microsoft Suite (e.g., Word, PowerPoint, Excel) and proficiency in learning new and developing tools, from existing (Brandwatch, Talkwalker, Meltwater) to cutting-edge (AI-driven tools)  

 
NYC Salary range: 52,000  60,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
 
Weber Shandwick is proud to The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 

Medical 
Dental 
Vision 
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit 

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-OD1
 
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.