Account Director, Client Experience, Healthcare
We are seeking a strong Account Director to join our Healthcare Practice in Chicago. As a Director, you will be responsible for managing client and inter-agency relationships, playing a critical role in determining the future and long-term success of our Health practice.
You will be responsible for all aspects of a client relationship and account team. You will supervise major pieces of business with multiple work streams and team members. Other responsibilities include recommending programs and activities, coordinating with clients goals, effectively delegating projects, offering counsel to team members, and allocating agency resources to match client budgets.
In this role, you will be working on programs involving corporate narratives and brand campaigns, reputation management, executive thought leadership, internal communications, crisis communications, and integrated media strategies to protect and drive corporate reputation and value proposition narratives for pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device and health association clients and prospects. Were looking for someone with an equal passion for corporate communications and healthcare. Who understands product portfolios and pipelines as much as corporate communications. This individual must be an excellent people leader, client counselor and will roll up their sleeves and stay close to the work.
Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Day-to-day client support and counsel
Driving communications support around campaigns
Working across internal specialists including media, digital and creative
Working with senior counselors on strategy
Understand broad healthcare landscape, trends and general issues facing the industry
Mentor, coach and support team members ensuring constant development of their skills
Maintain financial responsibility for accounts
Effectively manage team utilization and maintain financial responsibility for accounts

What We Are Looking For

Can turn ideas into workable plans
Capacity to convey ownership of assigned projects to junior team members
Can solve conflicts
Can mobilize and motivate teams
Can work independently and as part of a team
Excellent oral and written business communication skills
Can complete challenging projects within set parameters
Exceptional judgment when working with team members, client contacts and vendors
Commitment and dedication to the agencys success as well as individual career
Can anticipate client and team needs
Attention to detail and quality
Instills confidence with clients and colleagues

Basic Qualifications

Bachelors Degree in Marketing, Communications, Public Relations or related field
At least 7 years PRcommunications experience, preferably with corporate experience andor healthcare experience

 
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.