
CLIENT SERVICES  Responsible for leading Octagons client business and day-to-day management of client programs.
The Account Director supports and implements the strategy, activation, and promotion of our airline clients high-profile brand ambassadors across golf and other major sports. This role must work effectively with cross-functional teams within Octagon and our client to identify key business objectives that dictate strategy and messaging prioritization.
This position will be based out of Octagons Atlanta office in a hybrid capacity (3 days a week in office).
The work youll do

Collaborate with the clients Sponsorship Marketing clients, Corporate Communications, Sales, Loyalty, Employee Engagement, Community Engagement, and Government Affairs teams to ensure the effective use of both hospitality and ambassador opportunities, including engagements, event tickets, employee activation, and Senior Leadership requests
Drive strategic execution across the comprehensive brand ambassador portfolio
Lead client communications and deliver client business objectives and priority updates for various client stakeholders
Manage activation ideas and logistics (appearance hours, production days, autographed merchandise, etc.) for ambassadors
Other related dutiesprojects as reasonably assigned

The bigger team youll join
Where others see complexity, we see possibility. 
Octagon is the global sports, entertainment, and experiential marketing arm of the Interpublic Group. But if that classification doesnt do it for you, and it shouldnt, lets take it a step further.
We are what we believe. And we believe that while the world of sports and entertainment is full of opportunities and possibilities, sometimes the amount of choice can seem a little overwhelming. Even daunting.
Thats where we come into play!
At Octagon, we inspire brands, talent, and our people to see the world for all its potential. We then help break down the complexity and push forward so you can make your next right move.
Who were looking for

6-9 years of experience in the sponsorship and agency experience with prior experience managing brand endorsers and ambassadors a major plus
Experience and passion for and expertise in sports, entertainment, gaming, music andor celebrity  lifestyle culture, golf experience strongly preferred
A strategic problem solver with demonstrated ability to work as part of a team to tackle problems optimally and independently
A proactive self-starter who jumps into tasks with passion regardless of how big or small
Outstanding project management and organizational skills with the ability to prioritize multiple tasks simultaneously and produce quality work within strict timelines
Superior interpersonal and communication skills (both oral and written)
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Software (PowerPoint, Excel, and Word)
Willingness to work non-traditional hours including weekendholiday travel (25 travel)
Willingness to travel to various event sites throughout the U.S.

The base range for this position is 70,000  90,000. Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure, and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
Octagons comprehensive benefits package includes:

Unlimited PTO policy  we understand you need time for play!
Competitive medicaldentalvision insurance plans with FSAHSA and Dependent Care FSA options. Pet Insurance for those who need it too.
Generous Family and Parental Leave Policy (12 weeks) with eligibility extended to all parents regardless of gender or primarysecondary caregiver status
Access to our parent company (IPG) Savings plan (401K program) with company match as well as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
Pretax TransportationCommuter Benefits and Parent Travel Program
Dedicated Mental Health resources including Headspace membership, Employee Assistance Program (CCA), and more
Discount portal for everyday goods and services
Employee Resource Groups and inclusive diversity programming and initiatives
Personal Development programs

Octagon is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.
LI-JR1We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.