Influence Lead, North America
 
Why Weber Shandwick: Most of us treat culture like the weather. It happens. You can dress for it, but you cant do much to influence it. And thats a missed opportunity.
Because we know that culture  often too narrowly defined as the customs, arts and habits of a society does not simply happen. It is made when society, technology, media and policy converge. And businesses and brands have an opportunity to drive culture from those intersections.
Therefore, cultural-relevance-seeking is like holding up an umbrella.  Still a useful tactic, but a quick fix. Today, brands can go bigger. Enter in-culture the process by which Weber Shandwick deploys its specialized expertise to assess and understand where culture is born.
In-culture communications unlocks the biggest and most enduring opportunity a brand or business has to impact and add value to culture. To shape it. As you can imagine, this is why Weber Shandwick places such priority and emphasis on influencer marketing.
Its not about SponCon, or about contracted posts. Creators are curators of online communities, offering brands an entry point to authentically engage with audiences they normally wouldnt have the credibility to engage with.
Role Overview: Weber Shandwick is seeking a senior leader to continue to grow our influencer marketing-oriented business, scale our team, and enhance capabilities to continue to position Weber Shandwick as a leader in Influencer Marketing in North America. This is a critical, senior, and strategic role within the firm.
The star candidate will have several years of experience leading large influencer marketing teams and operations and will have a depth of experience working with major brands. They will have command of the current influencer landscape, competitors in the space and a network of relationships to leverage. As well as have a firm grasp on the tools and technology currently being deployed in the space, across identification, measurement, contracting and rights management.
Reports To: Digital Integration Lead, North America 
Responsibilities:
1. Serve as the leader for the North American Influence Capability

Manage and direct the Influence team across the NA region, providing leadership and strategic guidance to a team of high-performing influencer marketing professionals.
Determine staffing and account allocation for members of the Influence team in partnership with account leaders and regional general managers. Ensure appropriate scoping and staff allocations for delivery of great work and profitability.
Drive seamless integration of influencer work on accounts where we are also handling creative, public relations, social media, and other marketing services areas.

2. Scale business growth

Lead new business and growth opportunities to completion and help stand up and organize high performing teams, whether within Weber Shandwick and part of an integrated team or as a stand-alone Influencer AOR offering.
Collaborate closely with our Interpublic Group sister agencies on holding company assignments, opportunities and capability enhancements.

3. Team Development and Mentorship

Set the tone and direction for a high-performing influence team.
Provide care and feeding, mentorship and clear direction for all levels of staff, building upon existing Weber Shandwick POV and methodology.
Ensure work consistency and delivery based on standardized approaches.

Requirements:

12 years of relevant Influencer Marketing experience.
Excellent communications and interpersonal skills.
Exceptional ability to translate strategy into powerful ideas that earn attention and connect with people.
Strong presenter, able to persuasively sell creative work with the courage to push forward brave ideas.
Proven leadership skills.
Passion for selling work and winning new business.
Entrepreneurial and resourceful self-starter with a roll-up-the-sleeves attitude.
Collaborative and calm work style while juggling multiple priorities and deadlines.
Detailed-oriented problem-solver with a commitment to improving processes and outcomes.
Existing network and relationships within the marketing and public relations industry is highly desirable.

 
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-KG1
 
 
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.