Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning
 
Current Global is a global communications agency and creative powerhouse. A member of the Interpublic Group of Companies (NYSE: IPG) and The Weber Shandwick Collective, our footprint spans Asia, Europe, MENAT, North and South America with strength and depth across corporate, consumer, health, and technology communications. Our dynamic team of public relations, marketing, and digital experts works with some of the worlds most iconic companies and brands to develop highly strategic and creative campaigns, collaborating across four talent communities: Client Experience, Insights, Creative, and Integrated Media.
The best ideas come from a diverse mix of minds, backgrounds, and experiences, which is why we believe that diversity, equity, and inclusion are mission critical to building strong teams, cultivating great leaders, and creating an agency where everyone can do their best work. At Current Global, difference is valued, equality is a mandate, and inclusiveness is a reflex, not an initiative.  Our Accessible by Design commitment that every piece of communication we create will meet the highest accessibility standards to reach people with sight, hearing, and cognitive disabilities was recognized as a World Changing Idea by Fast Company.
We put humanity at the heart of everything we do, from our internal culture to the way we help clients understand that people want to connect with brands as real and human as they are. We offer exciting career opportunities for entrepreneurial leaders. Learn more at www.currentglobal.com
POSITION PROFILE.
Our agency thrives on creativity, data-driven insights, and a deep understanding of human behavior. The Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning role is an exciting opportunity for an experienced marketing leader to join the leadership team, set the direction for the Insights talent community, and be a key player in shaping the agencys growth, reputation, and success. Our ideal candidate will see business problems from the eyes of real people, using data, observation, and experience to create strategies that will benefit a clients brand and business by connecting with audiences and delivering measurable value. With an emphasis on developing compelling insights, this person will be an active counselor across client teams and a major contributor to new business opportunities. Experience building brand and creative strategies that deliver ideas across channels, tactics, and content, and possessing the ability to guide measurement that is aligned with strategy is a must.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES.

Lead the quality of strategic output of the department including briefs, strategic narratives and POVs.
Create a culture of insight and innovation, ensuring the practice is embedded into our client delivery and that the broader agency is educated on brand and communication strategy fundamentals.
Collaborate with Client Experience leads to serve as a trusted client counselor and advisor, providing consistent thought leadership.
Partner with the Creative talent community to translate strategic briefs into compelling creative ideas.
Align with the Integrated Media community to ensure seamless integration of strategic plans across various communications channels, tactics, and content types.
Play a central role in new business development by leading pitch strategies, delivering impactful presentations, and demonstrating the agencys strategic capabilities.
Champion and enhance the methods by which teams uncover insights and measure results, consistently challenging the status quo and inspiring teams to explore new approaches to problem-solving.
Lead, motivate and grow a team of planners, analysts, and subject matter experts.
Serve as an opinion leader by sharing best practices, case studies and thought leadership.
Represent the agency at industry events.

QUALIFICATIONS.

12 years of experience in strategic planning, brand development, andor communication strategy, preferably within a public relations agency or related industry.
Knowledgeable about the PR industry, including earned media, social media, and influencer engagement.
Exceptional ability to translate complex data and consumer insights into actionable strategies that unlock creative ideas designed to earn attention and connect with target audiences.
Adept at challenging conventional thought and providing a neutral, objective point of view to drive effective decision-making.
Persuasive presenter and speaker, able to tell a story based on data and hypothesis.
Strong leadership skills; experience building, managing, and mentoring a team.
Entrepreneurial and resourceful self-starter passionate about selling work and winning new business.
Collaborative and calm work style while juggling multiple priorities and deadlines.
Detailed-oriented with a commitment to improving processes and outcomes.
Existing network and relationships within the marketing and public relations industry is highly desirable.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.
Current Global recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit

Current  Global  is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Current recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status. 
California residents who are past or current applicants, please click here for our California Consumer Privacy Act Notice.
We make our careers website accessible to all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationcmgrp.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors. Rather, it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.
 
LI-JP1
 
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.