Vice President, Client Experience
 
Weber Shandwick is looking for a Vice President to join our Consumer team 
We Are Seeking: 
Were looking for a strong Vice President to join our Consumer Practice, working across a few of Americas most iconic food brands. You will be responsible for managing client relationships, playing a critical role in leading breakthrough activations that earn attention and helping to create truly fun and unique PR campaigns   You will be responsible for all aspects of a client relationship and account team.
Other responsibilities include recommending programs and activities coordinating with clients goals, effectively coaching mid and junior level team members, offering counsel to clients and working with starategists, creatives and analysts to create the best work output. You will also be engaged with business development, strategic program planning, and the development of creative concepts. Ideally, you will have agency or consulting experience in the food and beverage or QSR categories. 
What We Are Looking For: 

A passion and curiosity for earned media and understanding the changing media landscape
Can turn ideas into workable plans 
Capacity to convey ownership of assigned projects to junior team members 
Can solve conflict 
Can mobilize and motivate teams 
Can work independently and as part of a team
Excellent oral and written business communication skills
Aptitude for financial analysis
Can complete challenging projects within set parameters
Exceptional judgment when working with team members, client contacts and vendors
Commitment and dedication to the agencys success as well as individual career
Can anticipate client and team needs
Attention to detail and quality
Jumps in with solutions and lets try it attitude
Instills confidence with clients and colleagues

Basic Qualifications: 

 At least 8-10 years experience in agency, PRCommunications space
 Experienced in Integrated Media Strategy and Media Relations, ideally within the food and beverage or relevant CPG space.
 Bachelors Degree in Communications, Business Management, or related field 

 
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 

Medical 
Dental 
Vision 
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit 

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-LP1
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.