
This position is based in NY. 
Client Finance Manager
Virgo is in search of a seasoned Client Finance Manager who will be responsible for overseeing the financial management of a large key portfolio client, as well as assisting in forecasting, client SOW development, financial planning and analysis and vendor contracting. The Client Finance Manager will report to the Senior Vice President of Finance.
What you will do:

Oversee all financial aspects related to a growing key portfolio client with fee revenue exceeding 12M and OOPs exceeding 6M.
Partner and build strong partnerships with Account Management teams and external clients.
Manage revenue reporting and recognition for assigned client.
Assist in monthly, quarterly, and annual accounting close for financial reporting.
Create and maintain financial schedules for budgeting, forecasting  reporting.


Provide deeper, more contemporary, and insightful reporting with a focus on business intelligence and profitability to key agency stakeholders.
Focus on planning, delivering, and measuring profitable client work, including developing and sharing insights into client contribution margins and what drives healthy contributions. Solutions to be provided to maximize or improve upon margins as warranted.
Ability to create reports with an emphasis on the most crucial headlines, key insights, and a compelling financial storytelling narrative.
Ensure client financial matters are managed timely, accurately, and thoroughly on key material clients. This includes monitoring that billing, WIP, collections, approvals, cross-office coordination, and issues, etc. are all overseen efficiently and expertly. Provide warnings if when things are not tracking correctly.
Lead financial meetings with account teams.


Become an expert in assigned client contracts and help ensure compliance and understanding by other agency personnel.
Work with the billing team to ensure timely and accurate invoicing.
Work with billing team, shared service team, and client team to ensure compliance with working capital targets (i.e., unbilled WIP and Accounts Receivable)
Coordinate legal review of vendor contracts.
Ad hoc reports and tasks as needed.

Qualifications and Experience:

8 years of related industry experience
Bachelors degree in accounting or finance.


Deep familiarity with SAP preferred.


Advanced proficiency in Excel and Word
Experience managing your own book of business for all client finance needs.
Strong oral and written communication skills; ability to clearly convey financial concepts to employees outside the finance function.
The ability to collaborate with senior management, clients, and other business stakeholders to ensure the integrity of company standards and operations.
Solid analytical problem solving.
Strong client service orientation.

Salary Range- 100,000-125,000
Virgo has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.
Virgo is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.