Senior Manager, Catalyst -- Healthcare
Golin is a progressive public relations agency with expertise ranging from brand-building and cutting- edge digital content, to corporate reputation, healthcare advocacy and measurement. Golin aligns earned-first, data-driven creative with the customer journey, to deliver maximum impact for clients and reach a profoundly diverse global market. Go All In is the agencys ethos and commitment to bravery over mediocrity.
We Go All In, in everything we do. Were especially committed to Go All In for our people. We challenge our employees to be Courageously Happy and have empowered them to do so by offering our LifeTime benefits program. Lifetime offers unlimited time off, enhanced family care, ridiculously good health and wellness benefits, and a monthly LifeTime stipend for the gym or hobbies. We really do want you to play as hard as you work!
We are looking for a Senior Manager to help lead strategy and client relationship for our award-winning Healthcare Practice. The Senior Manager should have 5 years of experience with relevant experience in public relations andor related fields including health or science communications or advertising. You will lead work within the healthcare andor pharma industries to support client positioning and storytelling efforts around; unbranded, disease education and awareness, advocacy campaigns, consumer health campaigns, celebrity campaigns, high science, data publicity and regulatoryFDA milestones.
What Youll Do:

Opportunity to work on one of our largest pharmaceutical clients with a diverse mix of scientific communications, stakeholder engagement and a robust educational initiative
Develop trusted advisor relationships with our clients by providing strategic counsel and a mastery of all aspects of client management
Help to further develop our healthcare offering, capabilities, and growth trajectory
Own the brainstorm process; see the need, lead the brainstorm, and begin to identify other team members who have the potential of becoming good brainstorm facilitators
Flesh out ideas as they relate to client objectives and learn how to bring them to life in presentations and written proposals
Showcase a command of both digital and traditional communication practices and strategies
Be engaged in thought leadershipspeaking opportunities

What You Have:

Ability to motivate a team
Skilled at fostering growth and development
Collaborative, but knows how to mobilize others to achieve a common goal
Problem-solver, resourceful, goal-oriented
Not afraid to challenge clients and team members, but knows how to resolve, gain consensus and move forward
Experience managing all financial aspects of client business and managingachieving revenue goals internally at an agency is critical
At least 5 years of relevant experience
Healthcare  Pharma experience a must

Salary Range: 90,000-160,000
Golin has included the base salary or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; market considerations; budgetary considerations; as well as a candidates background, relevant experience, and qualifications.
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.