The Overview:
Were excited to be looking for an Account Executive for our team here at RCPMK.
We are searching for a culture-hungry individual who believes in the power of talent and influencer to drive authentic brand building work. In this role you will cast, procure, and project manage Talent and Collaboration Partners for marketing campaigns and proposals for both existing and new business endeavors. You have an in-depth knowledge of the cultural landscape, passion for pop culture and knows what is trending digitally and editorially, strong interpersonal skills, meticulous attention to detail and the ability to multi-task at a high level. Our work drives purpose, passion, and results, building communities through Talent and Influence.
Could this be the right team for you?
The Fine Print:

Support the research, analysis and recommendation of talent for client executions
Lead talent outreach and negotiations from offer through contract
Lead campaign briefing, onboarding, logistics and content approvalsschedulingtracking utilizing proprietary tech and software
Support creative content and strategy development for clients
Track budgets and spending for account andor projects
Assist with the monitoring and analysis of KPIs (per platform) and develop client-facing performance analysis reports
Act as primary point of contact for influencers, talent and their teams, collaborating closely between client and talent to implement program approvals and logistics
Forge positive relationships with clients, agency partners, talent teams and influencers
Research industry and cultural trends and their implication to our clients
Monitor talentbrand landscape to determine industry direction and competitive positioning
Source emerging talent names through both manual efforts and dedicated talent search platforms to constantly evolve with the talent marketplace
Experiment with new ways to leverage and partner with influencers across platforms
Collaborate closely with internal departments including finance, legal, travel and creative
Support colleagues by contributing to marketing materials, creative strategy development, peer development and related non-core program management tasks
Provide support across multiple accounts
Other duties as assigned

The Needs:

1-2 years of experience in influencer and talent end-to-end management
Firm understanding of all social media platforms including marketing functions and reporting capabilities
Ability to translate trends, technologies and metrics in a clear, presentable fashion
Knowledge and some experience with influencer landscape including talent discovery tools and platforms
Strong understanding of digital strategy and content skills
Strong project management and organizational skills
A strive to work toward the highest standards, with a focus on collaboration and problem solving
Outstanding organization and time leadership skills to coordinate multiple tasks simultaneously
Exceptional research, information gathering and processing skills to handle large data tasks efficiently
Outstanding written and oral communication skills, able to gain and maintain the trust and confidence of individuals within and outside RCPMK
Able to handle volume-based influencer campaigns independently and work at pace with efficiency
Demonstrated understanding of the influencer economy, growth trends and tactics
Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment and problem solve multi variable tasks

Why Us:
RCPMK is the original entertainment and culture agency! Our purpose is to drive cultural relevance  engagement for talent, brands, and content creators. Our vision is to inspire communities through cultural connection. Our Values: Be Human, Be Purposeful, Lead with Passion, Be Open Minded, Be Connected.
Our peoples well-being is one of our highest priorities! A 1pm finish on Fridays, flexible paid time off, and our Body, Mind, Soul program are here to help us all balance our busy lives.
We are a sociable bunch, we make sure we find lots of excuses to come together both virtually and in person through our many company events, hosted by our social committee and employee resource groups.
To support your career development, we have a wealth of internal and external learning opportunities. Tuition reimbursement is also available for those that are interested in continued education.
It is not just about living in the here and now, so we also help you plan for your future with a 401k, a stock purchase plan, generous paid family leave, fertility, and adoption benefits.
With offices in Los Angeles, New York, and London, RCPMK is part of the Octagon Sports and Entertainment Network.
Salary: 40,000.00- 50,000.00 annually
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. We will consider employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.