Director, Digital Media Sales
ABOUT THE POSITION 
Were searching for a Director of Digital Media Sales to help us craft innovative talent focused content platforms.
We are looking for a forward-thinking, solutions based sales professional passionate about the future of digital marketing? If you are a creative strategist with a minimum of 6 years of experience including digitalsocial media, advertising sales, sponsorship sales and business development, this may be the role for you! A strong understanding of the evolving media landscape across linear, OTT, digital and social media and advertising, a new business development mentality, consultative approach, full sales cycle experience from prospecting to close, and a strong dedication to ensuring ongoing partner happiness.
Youll work closely across a broad range of clients and partners to concept, develop, sell and execute customized, bespoke solutions-based which bring to bear Octagon and Octagon client assets. You will look at clients objectives to optimize reach, engagement, audience development and conversion. You will delve into metrics and produce smart and creative ideas and solutions. You will research new technologies that will deliver more value to our partners and nurture innovative partnerships with these companies.
Key Responsibilities:

Fully understand  articulate the value proposition of our clients media platforms to customers and prospects.
Consistently build and optimally handle a pipeline of partnership opportunities including prospects and existing client upsell opportunities.
Identify customer needs, develop  implement customized and coordinated multi-media solutions to improve customer success and client revenue.
Optimally lead, retain, grow, and ensure ongoing satisfaction with partners.
Coordinate cross functionally with clients, agents, production companies, social media managers, media companies, media buyers and other partners to ensure effective implementation of programs and various sales and marketing initiatives.
Consistently update CRM for leads, opportunities, sales progress, forecasts, and related items
Exceed activity, pipeline, and revenue goals on a consistent basis.
Think strategically, with a constant awareness of the trending subject matter across social media platforms.
Connect the dots across all aspects of our clients businesses, from concept to execution.
presentations
Compile analytics and develop reports including facilitatingcreating tracking processes for reporting and analytics, insights gathering, providing regular performance updates and feedback to key internal and external stakeholders.

This is a phenomenal opportunity for a hardworking, creative and intrinsically driven person seeking to work at the groundbreaking of sports media and integrated marketing. You will work closely with our team, assisting in the development of a variety of exciting digital media properties. Responsibilities include the organization of media assets, partnership fulfilment, media reporting and create original marketing tools for existing clients.
The position is located in our McLean or Richmond, VA office and is a paid full-time position.
Requirements:

Exceptional verbal and written communication skills; ability to get along with individuals at all levels of the organization
Understanding of the sports media business and the content landscape
A digital native and an avid social media user, you also have a desire to teach the team and share your findings
Experience with social media marketing and data analysis and measurement across all major and emerging platforms (FBIG, Twitter, YouTube, Snap, Tik Tok, Weibo, WeChat, Google Analytics, etc.)
Knowledge of digital media and advertising
Extensive knowledge of KPIs and how to measure outcomes to demonstrate an ROI
A positive demeanor, ability to balance competing priorities, fast deadlines and high standards in all that you do
A desire to work cross functionally, both internally and externally with many team members
Willingness to roll up your sleeves and go above and beyond to help your team succeed
Proficiency with Word, Excel, PowerPoint as well as Keynote, Google Docs etc.
Proficiency in all Microsoft Office applications and market research tools
Creativedigitalweb design experience is a plus.
Experience with WordPress, Shopify, WooCommerce and Photoshop is a plus

To apply for this position, please submit your cover letter and resume on-line at www.octagon.com in the Careers section.
Octagon is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
 
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationcmgrp.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.