Weber Shandwick is seeking a spring intern to work across major consumer brands. This is a full-time (40 hoursweek), paid internship that will start in January and go through May. This role is hybrid out of our NYC office.
The Essentials

Thinking: Intellectual curiosity and creativity is a must
Storytelling: Understand the elements that make a story exciting and how to highlight them in what you read in the press and what you see on social media
Communication: Speak, write and edit succinctly and compellingly
Management: Meet deadlines, put out fires and multi-task. Work fast, and work well
Interpersonal: Play nice, whether its in a team, with a team or independently
Technical: Know Word, PowerPoint, Excel and Outlook. Media databases and social tracking tools are a bonus (examples: Cision, Muckrack)
Detail-Oriented: Whether its a media list or a recap report, attention to detail and a commitment to delivering clear and precise work is essential
Spark: Understand what sets you apart

What You Will Be Doing

Research: Analyze brands using various resources, thoughtful and detailed research helps our bring ideas and plans to life
Engage: Share big ideas in brainstorms and with teams
Plan: Assist in event coordination and logistics 
Create: Craft written communications including media materials, from briefing books to media pitches
Hustle: Pitch stories to media, develop media lists, track placements, etc.
Monitor: Track brands in traditional online and social media during one of the biggest sporting events of the year. Previous campaign reporting experience is a plus
Organization: Organize and maintain product closet, check inventory, order productshipping supplies
Product send outs: Compile various product mailers and coordinate product shipments

What We Are Looking For

Someone who has an interest in, and enthusiasm for public relations and consumer brands
Able to work in a dynamic and fast-paced agency environment
Strong writing skills and understanding of the media landscape
Strong attention to detail
Excellent time management skills
Go-getter and proactive mindset  youre willing to go above and beyond your daily tasks
A contributing member of the team

Requirements:

The ideal candidate must be a college graduate by the start of the internship or have demonstrated transferrable skills
Must be available to work 40 hours a week starting January 2024

 
NYC Salary range: 15.0 - 15.0
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.