
We are recruiting a Senior Analytics Manager who is experienced and passionate about leveraging analytics to inform and empower effective communications campaigns for public health and health communications clients. This person will be skilled in operationalizing client questions into smart measurement research and translating best-in-class analytics findings into actionable insights that inform clients communication strategies. The senior manager would be part of a larger team primarily engaged with government agency clients primarily in public health communications space and lead the scoping and production of social listening, multichannel campaign performance reports, ad hoc analytics deliverables, and coordination of analytics collaboration with strategy and creative teams. Other responsibilities include the formalization of insights deliverables, conducting data integrity and quality checks of varied data streams and deliverables, and translation of data findings into accessible insights for different partners. This position reports to the head of the analytics team in DC and is dedicated to work on some of Weber Shandwicks largest and most important client relationships.
 
Responsibilities:

Work with analytics teammates to deliver compelling analytics reports and insights that empower client to easily evaluate social listening topics, media trends and digital analytics relative to business objectives.
Partner with cross-discipline teams to service client research and analytics requests, design the approach, lead a team through the analysis, and answer internal questions by team members and external clients.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Maintain strong knowledge of both well-established and new-to-market digital marketing analytics tools and platforms; specifically syndicated research and social listening platforms.
Evangelize smart data analytics that inform decision-making at all levels internally and externally with clients and other agency partners
Develop and apply strategic measurement frameworks to form the basis of ongoing performance assessment and optimization across paid, earned and owned channels.

Qualifications

Demonstrated expertise and experience translating data and research into strategic insights and recommendations
4 years relevant full-time experience as an independent contributor and 2 years managing direct report(s)
Experience engaging and collaborating with public health and health communication clients, ideally in agency or matrixed analytics team
Experience and subject matter expert in social listening, marketing analytics, digital analytics, audience analysis, campaign performance, andor measurement of real-world impact
Experience analyzing social, paid, earned, owned, and influencer media data
Experience analyzing and synthesizing data from first-party and third-party sources
Ability to work independently and be a collaborative team player who brings unique analytics skills to large client teams
Desire and capacity to take full ownership of work tracks, manage complicated deadlines and deliverable processes, nurture client relationships, collaborate with strategy and creative teams, and mentor junior analytics staff

The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 

Medical 
Dental 
Vision 
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit 

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-OD1We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.