Golin is seeking a DigitalSocial Junior Analyst to join our Dallas office. This role is hybrid, with the expectation of 2 days a week in the office working with Golin colleagues, and a 3rd day spent onsite with clients as needed. This is an awesome opportunity for anyone who loves to solve problems, make strategic recommendations, and consult on digital campaigns to join Golin and have an immediate impact.
If youve spent time in the data exported from Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and other platforms  you might be our perfect fit. This role is about connecting the dots between something you saw in Twitter Analytics, a finding from Instagram, and a trend from your favorite brand on social. Then you need to use your findings to make a strategic recommendation for Golin clients.
From there, you have to sell it. In a lot of ways, the internal Golin team is both your ally and your client. You have to make them believe in the recommendations that you are making. This can take the form of a quick, but well-informed email, a meeting on Teams, or a formal presentation deck with cool visualizations that help tell your story. Thats why our ideal candidate not only has an interest in how social media campaigns tick, but at the core, is a great marketer and communicator. This is a must.
This role isnt a business analytics role. Its a PR, marketing and comms role for people with an interest in data and understanding what makes a marketing campaign tick.
Sound like you want to Go All In with us? Here are the details:
What Youll Do:
Each day will be dynamic and full of strategic decisions, constantly changing priorities and creative discovery. You will be accountable to:

Serve as a creative, analytical mind on the team to provide strategic recommendations for developing and improving social media campaigns
Use web and social media analytics platforms to measure campaign success and provide data-backed recommendations for optimization
Use Excel to the max, analyzing media coverage for trends and patterns that inform recommended actions
Serve as a data journalist by uncovering strategic findings and insights using a range of digital analytics techniques, such as social listening, to help support business objectives, advance storytelling, and drive engagement
Work closely with senior manager to compile, synthesize and analyze data sets. As well as, assisting with report creation and presenting to clients.
Understand client background and needs, including general business strategy, industry issues, products and services, key customers and competitors in the marketplace
Understand social channels and identify emerging opportunities for a diverse client set

What you have:

Coursework in some form of marketing analysis, journalism, PR, mathematics, statistics andor social science is preferred
Basic understanding of principles of communications, digital marketing, and news media
Strong verbal and written communication, organizational and time-management
Experience working with or interest in data visualization tools and creative ways to display information
Keen eye for data trends and the ability to investigate and articulate factors that may account for these trends
Show enthusiasm, passion and curiosity about digitalsocial analytics
Possess critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Know how to prioritize and be adaptive to change
Be highly motivated and eager to learn 

Requirements:

You must have your Bachelors degree
2 years experience
You must have knowledge and be comfortable working in Microsoft Office tools, specifically Excel. You must know what a Pivot Table is and know how to use it.

About Us:
We are a progressive public relations agency designed to reach the profoundly diverse market. Our progressive approach aligns earned-first, data-driven creative with the customer journey, to build relevance and deliver maximum impact for our clients. To be successful with our employees and our clients, inclusion is a core value for Golin and we are focused on establishing a culture that is intentionally inclusive, profoundly diverse and uncompromisingly equitable.
Our expertise ranges from brand-building and cutting-edge campaigns, to corporate reputation, advocacy and consumer insights. Golin aligns earned-first, data-driven creative with the customer journey through our collaborative G4 Model to deliver maximum impact for clients. Our roster includes many of the largest CPG, retail, food, healthcare technology and consumer service companies in the world.
Salary range: 50,000 - 70,000
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.  
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.  
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
LI-KW1
LI-Hybrid
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.