
THE JOB  Account Manager, Client Services
CLIENT SERVICES  Responsible for leading Octagons client business and day-to-day management of client programs.
 Our headquarters are in Stamford, CT, but the location of this position can be flexible with a preference for working in one of our office locations - Stamford, CT or New York, NY. We will also consider a remote-based working arrangement (within two hours of Philadelphia, PA) for qualified candidates.
THE WORK YOULL DO

Serve as reliable agency contact for tech client sponsorship team
Prepare presentation documents supporting strategies, ideations, sponsorship evaluations, POVs, program overviews, recap summaries, budgets, and partnership presentations
Lead and develop planning initiatives to leverage golf partnership assets and support client business objectives as a key member of the account team
Oversee project management and tracking of sponsorship assets
Help keep the larger agency team on task and on time  manage timelines and status documents
Develop a working knowledge and understanding of tech clients business initiatives and marketing trends
Run several projects simultaneously
Provide on-site program management as needed
Handle budgets and finances related to programs
Other related duties as reasonably assigned

THE BIGGER TEAM YOULL JOIN
Where others see complexity, we see possibility. 
Octagon is the global sports, entertainment and experiential marketing arm of the Interpublic Group. But if that classification doesnt do it for you, and it shouldnt, lets take it a step further.
We are what we believe. And we believe that while the world of sports and entertainment is full of opportunities and possibilities, sometimes the amount of choice can seem a little overwhelming. Even daunting.
Thats where we come into play!
At Octagon, we inspire brands, talent, and our people to see the world for all its potential. We then help break down the complexity and push forward so you can make your next right move.
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR

5 years of sponsorshipbrand marketing experience
Knowledge of and experience in the golf industry
Experience or interest in emerging technologies
Knowledge and understanding of sponsorship management
Experience in presentation development and presentation delivery
Outstanding client service and interpersonal skills, careful attention to detail, and the ability to multi-task
Strong ability to work as part of a team
Experience with running partner relationships including sports properties, vendors, suppliers, and assets
Experience handling and maintaining a budget or budgets
Ability to balance multiple projects simultaneously with outstanding time management
Demonstrate initiative and solve problems independently
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (in particular PowerPoint, Word, Excel)
Ability and flexibility with weekend and some holiday work as needed, and travel as necessary
All applicants will need to provide proof of COVID vaccination or contact the organizations HR team if eligible for an exemption.

Compensation  Benefits
Manager: The base range for this position is 60,000  65,000. Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background pertinent experience, and qualifications
Octagons comprehensive benefit package includes:

Unlimited PTO policy  we understand you need time for play!
Competitive medicaldentalvision insurance plans with FSAHSA and Dependent Care FSA options. Pet Insurance for those who need it too.
Generous Family and Parental Leave Policy (12 weeks) with eligibility extended to all parents regardless of gender or primarysecondary caregiver status 
Access to our parent company (IPG) Savings plan (401K program) with company match as well as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
Pretax TransportationCommuter Benefits and Parent Travel Program
Dedicated Mental Health resources including Headspace membership, Employee Assistance Program (CCA) and more
Discount portal for everyday goods and services
Employee Resource Groups and inclusive diversity programming and initiatives
Personal Development programs 

Please also know that the well-being of our employees, partners, fans and consumers are top of mind to our agency, and we are taking measures to ensure proper health and safety initiatives and protocols are in place for our events and activations.
Octagon is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
LI-JR1
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.