Senior Account Director
About The Brooklyn Brothers
Welcome to Brooklyn: the Earned 1st Ad Agency and global network built for the modern world. We call it Earned 1st, but to put it simply, its advertising thats so good, it doesnt feel like advertising. We turn brand purpose into action and create ideas that matter, to Rise Above the Noise of culture, rise above category conventions and rise above the constraints of traditional advertising.
Were a close-knit team of creatives, planners, business managers and makers who combine the rigor of marketing science with the relevance of earned media to develop and distribute ideas that help brands build long-term value  earning our way into peoples lives and communities.
We work with some of the most enterprising and influential brands in the world, including Ferrero, LEGO, Adobe, Sazerac, and more.
Overview
The Senior Account Director is a senior team leader and direct client partner within the agency. This position should manage and inspire teams internally and build relationships across multiple client teams. As the first line to the client, the Senior Account Director should be the go-to for consultation, new project assignments, new scopes, and any relationship management or problem-solving needs. The Senior Account Director oversees all aspects of the assigned client business within the agency.
 
Responsibilities

Maintain and grow senior-level client relationships as a thought-leader, consultant, and trusted partner
Lead strategic business conversations with internal teams and agency partners as well as clients
Work with department heads for monthly workflow, client deliverables, and resource planning
Oversee the development and execution of plans, campaigns and projects, managing internal teams to meet client goals within proposed timeline and budget
Develop agency SOWs and resource allocation plans for individual client needs
Participate in new business meetings, RFIRFP, and pitch presentations
Oversee account team members and provide guidance to ensure internal and client-facing success

Qualifications

12 years of experience in advertising andor marketing roles
You know how to secure, maintain, and grow your client portfolio. You are a leader in the company helping us continue to win new business.
You can independently run your particular line of business with little or no oversight
Experience building client relationships across industries.
An expert in all aspects of campaign development, including brand strategies, integrated creative campaigns, production from start to finish and final delivery of assets across a variety of channels
Knowledge of agency operations and management of workflows within advertisingcreativeproduction companies
Understanding of agency scopes, team structures and resource allocations
Excellent client-facing communication skills, including the ability to present work

Salary: 94,000-165,000
Brooklyn Brothers has included the base salary or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; market considerations; budgetary considerations; as well as a candidates background, relevant experience, and qualifications.
Brooklyn Brothers is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Brooklyn Brothers. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interviewWe make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.