 
Senior Manager Analyst
We are recruiting a Senior Manager Analyst who is experienced and passionate about operationalizing client questions into smart measurement research and translating best-in-class analytics findings into actionable insights that inform clients communication strategies. This individual would lead the scoping and production of regular social listening and campaign performance reports, ad hoc analytics deliverables, and interpretation of dashboard toplines into client insights. Other responsibilities include the formalization of insights deliverables, collaboration with other analytics teams and client leads, conducting data integrity and quality checks of client data streams and deliverables, and mentoring junior analysts.
Responsibilities:

Work with analytics teammates to deliver compelling analytics reports and insights that empower client to easily evaluate social listening topics, media trends and digital analytics relative to business objectives.
Partner with cross-discipline teams to service client research and analytics requests, design the approach, lead a team through the analysis, and answer internal questions by team members and external clients.
Develop report structure, data visualization and insights to deliver strategic recommendations.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Maintain strong knowledge of both well-established and new-to-market digital marketing analytics tools and platforms; specifically syndicated research and social listening platforms.
Evangelize smart data analytics that inform decision-making at all levels internally and externally with clients and other agency partners
Develop and apply strategic measurement frameworks to form the basis of ongoing performance assessment and optimization across paid, earned and owned channels.

Qualifications:

Demonstrated expertise and experience translating data and research into strategic insights and recommendations
5 years relevant full-time experience as an independent contributor and 2 years managing direct report(s)
Experience and subject matter expert in social Listening, marketing analytics, digital analytics, andor data visualization
Experience engaging and collaborating with a range of clients, ideally in agency or matrixed analytics team
Experience working in regulated sectors and industries, particularly healthcare, is a bonus
Knowledge with scaled data deliverables (like dashboards, NLP modeling, andor semi-automated analytics reporting)
Ability to work independently and be a collaborative team player who brings unique analytics skills to large client teams
Desire and capacity to take full ownership of work tracks, manage complicated deadlines and deliverable processes, nurture client relationships, and mentor more junior staff

 
NYC Salary range: 105,000  120,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
 
Weber Shandwick is proud to The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 

Medical 
Dental 
Vision 
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit 

 
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-OD1
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.