Weber Shandwick is looking for a Vice President to join our Consumer team 
We Are Seeking: 
Were looking for a strong Vice President to join our Consumer Practice, working across a few lifestyle and CPG brands. You will be responsible for managing client and inter-agency relationships, playing a critical role in determining the future and long-term success of our Consumer Practice. You will be responsible for all aspects of a client relationship and account team. You will supervise one big piece of business with multiple work streams and team members. 
Other responsibilities include recommending programs and activities coordinating with clients goals, effectively delegating projects, offering counsel to team members and allocating agency resources to match client budgets. You will also be engaged with business development, strategic program planning, and the development of creative concepts. Ideally, you will have agency or consulting experience in the Consumer communications or beautylifestyle space. 
What We Are Looking For: 

Can turn ideas into workable plans 
Capacity to convey ownership of assigned projects to junior team members 
Can solve conflict 
Can mobilize and motivate teams 
Can work independently and as part of a team
Excellent oral and written business communication skills
Aptitude for financial analysis
Can complete challenging projects within set parameters
Exceptional judgment when working with team members, client contacts and vendors
Commitment and dedication to the agencys success as well as individual career
Can anticipate client and team needs
Attention to detail and quality
Instills confidence with clients and colleagues 

Basic Qualifications: 

 At least 8-10 years experience in agency, PRCommunications space
 Experienced in Integrated Media Strategy and Media Relations, ideally within the consumer or CPG space
 Bachelors Degree in Communications, Business Management, or related field 

About Us: 
Weber Shandwick is a leading global communications network that delivers next-generation solutions to brands, businesses and organizations in major markets around the world. Led by world-class strategic and creative thinkers and activators, we have won some of the most prestigious awards in the industry. Weber Shandwick was named to Ad Ages Agency A-List in 2020 and Best Places to Work in 2019. Weber Shandwick was also honored as PRWeeks Global Agency of the Year in 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, and PRovokes Global Agency of the Year in 2015, 2017 and 2019. The firm earned 25 Lions at the 2019 Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity. Data-led, with earned ideas at the core, the agency deploys leading and emerging technologies to inform strategy, develop critical insights and heighten impact across sectors and specialty areas, including brand and B2B marketing, healthcare marketing, change management, employee engagement, corporate reputation, crisis management, data and analytics, technology, public affairs, social impact and financial communications. Weber Shandwick is part of the Interpublic Group (NYSE: IPG). For more information, visit http:www.webershandwick.com  
 


The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 




Medical


Dental 


Vision 


401k (with employer match) 








Tuition Reimbursement 


Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul 


MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 


Short-Term Disability 


Paid Employee Family Leave 








Family Building Benefit 




Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status. 
LI-JP1
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.