
Senior Manager, Influence Strategy
 
Weber Shandwick is looking for a Senior Manager, Influence Strategy to join our team in Chicago. We are looking for a star candidate (5 years of experience).
Candidate must have a deep understanding of the influencer landscape, but also have unique experience developing and executing both earned-led brand and influencer-led campaigns. The following is a general outline of primary responsibilities.
 
The Essentials

Thinking: Intellectual curiosity and creativity is a must.
Storytelling: Understand the elements that make a story exciting, what brands are doing in the press and on social platforms, and what they should do next.
Communication: Speak, write and edit succinctly and compellingly.
Management: Meet deadlines, put out fires and multi-task. Work fast, and work well.
Interpersonal: Play nice, whether its in a team, with a team or independently.
Technical: Know Word, PowerPoint, Excel and Outlook. Media databases and social tracking tools and knowledge of influencer management systems a plus.
Detail-Oriented: Whether its a media list or a recap report, attention to detail and a commitment to delivering clear and precise work is essential.
Spark: Understand what sets you apart.

 
Responsibilities
Brand Strategy  Execution

Own responsibilities for executional leadership of multiple client programs, budgets, plans
Maintain daily client contact, serving as a trusted resource and advisor
Facilitate cross-functional team integration (strategy, creative, integrated media specialists, influencer)
Translate strategies into tactical plans; ensure team deliverables align with strategies
Develop messaging for clients and oversee the creation of media strategies that take an integrated approach to driving awareness with target audiences
Proactively support and suggest improvements and new ideas to exceed client expectations by leveraging industry knowledge and experience
Anticipate executional issues specific to assigned programs and proactively offer solutions to senior team leadership
Partner with CX and Project Managers to help manage program and project budgets
Demonstrate financial acumen in the areas of budgeting, billing and staffing

 
Influencer Strategy  Execution

Play a lead role in the agencys Influencer center of excellence, which develops and manages key relationships with talent agencies and content creators, and institutionalizes a set of best-in-class tools and processes for identification, contract negotiation, content planning, measurement and ROI analysis
Demonstrated passion for influencer marketing both personally and professionally; balanced interest in both healthcare and consumer brands
Craft influencer strategies for yearlong plans and product launches
Research, vet, contract and manage relationships with influencer talent
Develop influencer briefing materials
Oversee influencer briefings and content creation, monitor influencer content performance, track against KPIs and prepare detailed recaps
Take responsibility to execute influencer strategies
Manage and build relationships with influencers and third party agents
Mine current news cycle for ad hoc influencer opportunities
Demonstrated expertise in social platforms, user behaviors and emerging trends

 
Client  Team Engagement

Communicate with clients on daily basis
Provide basic client counsel
Serve as a key participant in client meetings and presentations
Proof and edit client related documents as needed
Manage client and team resources and deliverables around major campaigns and product launches
Lead a high-performing team; coach and develop junior team members

 
Weber Shandwick is proud to The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 

Medical 
Dental 
Vision 
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit 

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-KG1
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.