 
Senior Strategist  The Brooklyn Brothers 
Welcome to The Brooklyn Brothers: an earned-led creative agency and communications network made for a new marketing era. We believe brands should add value to culture and customers should be treated like fans. And we believe brands should create ideas that earn attention before buying it.  
We work as a connected team of strategists, creatives, and producers, combining the rigor of marketing with the relevance of earned media  creating and distributing work for some of the best and bravest brands in the world.  
Were looking for a Senior Strategist with 4-6 years of experience to join our growing team, helping lead two of our most important and notable clients on the leading edge of culture. You need to be comfortable working with the most beloved consumer brands, new tech and B2B. Youll be working with the Head of Strategy, Global Group CSO, ECD, account and brand teams and youll be part of an interagency group of planners and analysts. If this sound like you, then lets talk.  

Youre a constant observer  You have great instincts, and they start with knowing that, without research, youre not doing real strategy. You love research and digging deeper till you uncover something new. 
2. Youre fascinated by brands, people, and culture  You want to know what makes brands stand out and grow, and the influences that impact Youre curious about consumer behaviors, especially in social media, and the trends that create culture.
 Youre social at heart  You obsess over social media, platforms, content, and content makers; you love data, especially deciphering what it says about people who make and consume it. You keep up with the latest social everything and want to know why it matters. 
 Youre a writer and a storyteller  You notice our brand world in ways other dont and want to write about it in compelling ways that solve problems and spark ideas.  
 Youre not defined by one thing  You may have other interests or specialties and youre eager to learn new skills and take on new challenges. 
 You love this stuff  You feed off the energy and ideas of others, and youre excited by the prospect of working in an environment that demands creative collaboration. 

The Brooklyn Brothers is always learning, but here are some of the skills were looking for:   

 Brand Strategy  A track record of using a variety of inputs to develop research-driven strategies and thought-provoking ideas to solve brand problems and compel people to act. 
 Brief Writing  Comms Plans  The ability to turn strategy into concise and inspiring creative briefs and effective communications plans. 
 Presentation Skills  Experience developing and presenting decks with an informed POV that are thoughtfully-researched, thought-provoking, and concise. 
4. Social-led  Comfortable with social strategies and content, influencer marketing, understanding best practices as well as nascent trends, AI, research and social listening tools, and the ability to put social thinking at the heart of big ideas. 
5. Self-starter  The confidence to own a project from beginning-to-end and act as a trusted client partner and team collaborator. 
6. Kindness  Respect  Because we spend too much time with each other, on screens and in-person, not to be nice. Your ideas are amplified by the opinions of your colleagues and the diverse agency culture you push forward.

 
Salary Range: 55,000-95,000
The Brooklyn Brothers has included the base salary or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; market considerations; budgetary considerations; as well as a candidates background, relevant experience, and qualifications
 
The Brooklyn Brothers is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Golin recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.