
pay rate during contract period: 30HR
40 hoursweek contract; 6 months to hire
salary range once converted: 58-62K 
must be able to work hybrid  commute to NYC office onceweek

We believe in Extraordinary.  
At Jack Morton we create head-turning, stomach-dropping, mind-boggling, smile-inducing brand experiences for everyone. Its the future of marketing and theres nothing passive or predictable about it. We promise every day will be different than the previous one in a very good way. 
We take care of each other as much as we take care of business. We marvel in each others uniqueness and revel in what each of us brings to the human potluck that is Jack.
So, if you want to help shape the future of an entire industry, welcome. If you feel work, and the people you work with, can be extraordinary, lets chat. Were Jack, and we cant wait to meet you.
That brings us to you.
Working with the Finance Manager, the Finance Associates primary focus is to provide project and financial support to Jack Mortons New York office. This is an entry to mid-level position suitable for a highly self-motivated, detail-oriented, service-focused individual. Were looking for someone who will bring intellectual curiosity, determination and creativity to their work. The ideal candidate will be confident and insightful, think strategically, multi-task and prioritize efficiently, and communicate accurately and concisely.
What youll be doing

Work with Account and Project teams to report accurate project financials
Complete monthly client-facing hours reporting
Open  maintain projects from start to finish
Work closely with Production team on job close outs
Assist with mid-month and end of month client revenue flash and quarterly forecast analysissubmission
Assist with bi-weekly sales projections
Prepare utilizationmissing time reports and follow up as necessary
Provide ad hoc reporting and analysis
Accounts Payable support: open POsGringAP follow-upchecking on failed POs

If you can do all that, you have what it takes. It might help if

1-2 years of corporate experience in a finance setting
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel (formulas, pivot tables, etc.)
Strong knowledge of Microsoft Word  PowerPoint
Experience with financial reporting systems; Hyperion or SAP experience a plus
Ability to be flexible and work in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environment
Close attention to detail
Excellent organizational, interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal)
High degree of discretion and confidentiality required

Last but not least, we believe in diversity, equity and inclusion. 
Jack Morton and Genuine are equal opportunity employers; we strongly value diversity at our companies. We do not discriminate on race, religion, color, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law. In 2020, Jack Morton and Genuine, as part of Interpublic Group (IPG), have been named to the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index (GEI), and Jack Morton has once again been designated a Best Place To Work For LGBTQ Workplace Equality by the Human Rights Campaign in their Corporate Equality Index. 
 LI-SC1
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.