ABOUT US  MOMENTUM WORLDWIDE  Momentum is an agency of doers. We make the industrys most disruptive, entertaining, shareable, unforgettable experiences for our clients and their fans. We do it by bringing people closer to what they love, in original and unexpected ways. Whether its a physical activation, a virtual experience, or a piece of unique branded content, its all part of what we call the Total Brand Experience — ideas that solve business challenges, through best-in-class Consulting, Strategy, Analytics, Experience Design, and Production. 
We want you to help brands do amazing, unprecedented, wild things, creating experiences that people never forget.
 
WHAT CAN YOU EXPECT FROM MOMENTUM
At Momentum, we expect our employees to embody our values!Our Core Values of Be One, Do Great Work, Have Fun, Give Back and Grow empower an environment where we challenge ourselves professionally and encourage each other personally.
At Momentum, we make our differences matter!Who we are matters.  We choose to hire diverse voices from all walks of life.  We choose to make our culture one where everyone can be their authentic self and speak in their voice. We choose to give each other permission to get things wrong, so we can learn to make them right.  We choose to celebrate the bravery of our peers and we choose to be collectively responsible.
At Momentum, we make our actions matter!Making it matter means always choosing the sustainable option. It means designing waste out from the start.  It means working with the right materials. Sourcing locally, innovating off-the-shelf solutions and reusing and repurposing. It means powering smarter. Traveling less. And only working with vendors who do the same. Make it matter means becoming the first experiential agency in the world to receive 2 ISO certifications.
At Momentum, we make our people matter!We choose to make your workplace part of your wellbeing. We choose a hybrid work model. We choose no meeting Fridays. We choose to let ourselves take as much Time Well Taken (vacation) as we need. We choose education programs that help our people develop professionally and personally. We choose tuition reimbursement. We choose to match your 401K. We choose to make your financial wellbeing our priority. We choose to make our peoples lives matter.
 
WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FORYou are the tireless force leading teams to create best in class experiences. You are a client whisperer and champion of innovative creative solutions. You create the environment for great ideas to thrive.
 
HERES WHAT YOULL DO (RESPONSIBILITIES)

Works with Executive Creative Director of NYC to execute agency goals
Lead and inspire creative teams
Convince clients to adapt their brand to meet changing circumstances beyond their control
Direct creative on multiple projects, on concurrent timelines, while keeping creative on brand and on strategy.
Push self and others out of comfort zones to drive innovation in what we deliver and how we deliver
Champion diversity, equity and inclusion in everything we do
Develop, foster and maintain strong and trusting relationships with your clients
Create strong and effective internal partnerships, leading collaboration across integrated teams.
Manage, mentor and guide  members of the team to reach their full potential
Exhibit a positive, constructive and collaborative attitude while under pressure
Stays abreast of industry trends and happenings
Supporting Momentums values
All other duties as required

 
HERES WHAT WERE LOOKING FOR (QUALIFICATIONS  REQUIREMENTS)

12 years of experience in the Advertising industry with experience in a management role; Experiential experience a plus.
Experience managing creative teams - performance management, reviews, employee development, etc
Approachable, collaborative and results-oriented. Works with minimal direction, evaluating and advising on best practices. 
Strong track record of developing work and teams that win awards and drive business
Exceptional portfolio with versatility across various mediums
Experience leading, pitching and winning business
Well versed in current industry trends and emerging technologies
Based in or open to relocate to Greater New York City area

MOMENTUM BENEFITS

Time Well Taken (our flexible benefits plan that allows you take the time you need)
Hybrid Work model  ability to work from home or in office
Holidays and Winter Break (agency closes between Christmas and New Years holidays)
No meeting Fridays
Curated DEI programs and initiatives 
Medical, Dental and Vision plans
Short- and Long-term disability
401(K) with company match 
EAP  Employee Assistance Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Work from Home stipend
Referral bonuses 
Training and development opportunities
Flexible Spending Account 
Health Saving Accounts

SALARY RANGEThe salary range for this position is 200,000 to 225,000. Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; location and region; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
At Momentum Worldwide, we value diversity and the uniqueness of all people. We thrive in an inclusive environment, and we recruit, hire and promote without regard to race, gender, age, color, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, ethnic or national origin, citizenship, religion, sexual preference, military or veteran status, marital status, family status, physical or mental disability  or any other legally protected categories as set forth in the applicable state, federal or local laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment including training, compensation, benefits and all other privileges of employment.
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.