
Executive Creative Director
 
Current Global is an award-winning global communications agency that puts humanity at the heart of everything we do, from our internal culture to the way we help clients understand that people want to connect with companies and brands as real and human as they are.
A member of the Interpublic Group of Companies (NYSE: IPG) and The Weber Shandwick Collective, our footprint spans Asia, Europe, MENAT, North and South America with strength and depth across corporate, consumer, health, and technology communications. Our dynamic team of public relations, marketing, and integrated media experts works with some of the worlds most iconic companies and brands to develop highly strategic and creative campaigns, collaborating across four talent communities: Client Experience, Insights, Creative, and Integrated Media.    
The best ideas come from a diverse mix of minds, backgrounds, and experiences, which is why we believe that diversity, equity, and inclusion are mission critical to building strong teams, cultivating great leaders, and creating an agency where everyone can do their best work. At Current Global, difference is valued, equality is a mandate, and inclusiveness is a reflex, not an initiative. A Fast Company World Changing Idea, Accessible by Design is our commitment that all communication we create will meet the highest accessibility standards to reach people with sight, hearing, and cognitive disabilities.  
 
POSITION PROFILE.
Our agency thrives on creativity, data-driven insights, and a deep understanding of human behavior to deliver earned-first ideas that breakthrough in culture and media. Reporting to the CEO, the Executive Creative Director role is an exciting opportunity for an entrepreneurial, innovative, and collaborative marketing leader to join the leadership team, set the direction for the Creative talent community, and be a key player in shaping the agencys growth, reputation, and success. The ECD will guide, champion, and sell creative work across practices for a variety of blue-chip clients and new business prospects. They will collaborate with the Insights team to push boundaries and find new approaches to solve client business challenges, partner with Client Experience leads to serve as an active and respected client counselor, and work closely with the Integrated Media team to ensure creative ideas reach people wherever and however they consume content.
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES.

Oversee all creative work across the agency, providing visionary leadership and innovative earned-first thinking that stands up to the industrys best work.
Develop campaigns that evoke genuine emotions, drive engagement, and foster meaningful connections between brands and people.
Stay abreast of industry trends, technological advancements, and emerging communication platforms, integrating them into the agencys creative approaches.
Collaborate with Client Experience leads to serve as a trusted client counselor and advisor, providing consistent thought leadership and delivering high-quality work that is on time and on budget.
Partner with the Insights talent community to turn strategic briefs into compelling creative ideas that will resonate with clients and connect with key audiences.
Align with the Integrated Media community to ensure creative ideas and content resonate across various communications channels and tactics.
Play a vital role in new business development by leading pitch creative, delivering impactful presentations, and demonstrating the agencys creative prowess.
Lead, motivate and grow the Creative team, maintaining a positive culture and consistent creative quality through critiques and constructive feedback.
Foster a culture of creative curiosity, innovation, and accountability among the Creative team, while also inspiring the broader agency through education on creative fundamentals, best practices, and trends.
Participate in thought leadership initiatives, speaking engagements, award juries, and networking events to elevate the agencys reputation in the industry.

QUALIFICATIONS.

12 years of relevant experience, preferably within a public relations agency or related industry.
Knowledgeable about the PR industry, including earned media, social media, and influencer engagement.
Exceptional ability to translate strategy into powerful ideas that earn attention and connect with people.
Strong deck writer and presenter, able to persuasively sell creative work with the courage to push forward brave ideas.
Proven leadership skills; experience building, managing, and mentoring a team of creative directors, copywriters, art directors, producers, and designers.
Passion for selling work and winning new business.
Entrepreneurial and resourceful self-starter with a roll-up-the-sleeves attitude.
Collaborative and calm work style while juggling multiple priorities and deadlines.
Detailed-oriented problem-solver with a commitment to improving processes and outcomes.
Inspiring portfolio showcasing a track record of innovative, award-winning creative campaigns.
Existing network and relationships within the marketing and public relations industry is highly desirable.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.
Current Global recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. We offer a full suite of benefits including medical; dental; vision; 401k (with employer match); tuition reimbursement; 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards nourishing your health; flexible time off policy; flexible holiday schedules; short-term disability; paid employee family leave; family building benefit.
Current Global is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. We recruit qualified applications without regard to age, race, color, religion, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, gender or gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, or citizenship status. 
California residents who are past or current applicants, see our California Consumer Privacy Act Notice. 
We make our careers website accessible to all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationcmgrp.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors. Rather, it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered. 
LI-KG1
 

 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.