
Research Intern 
An internship at KRC Research in Washington, DC is a perfect opportunity to become immersed in the field of opinion research and gain invaluable hands-on business experience. KRC interns work directly with project teams assisting with research design, execution, and analysis. All KRC Research internships are paid and include extensive training opportunities. We highly value our interns and their contributions. In fact, the vast majority of our entry level staff started their career at KRC as interns.
For more details from previous interns, take a look at the following blog posts, and please review our website for information about the qualitative, quantitative, and analytics research.

An Intern Answers the Questions that She Asked in Her Own KRC Interview
The KRC Internship Experience: An Insiders Perspective

About KRC Research
KRC Research is a leading global strategic market research firm and a member of the Interpublic Group of companies (NYSE: IPG), a global leader in modern marketing solutions. KRC specializes in qualitative and quantitative public opinion research and analytics to drive strategy, start conversations, and measure success. Our work spans the healthcare, corporate, consumer, technology, and financial industries as well as non-profit and government sectors. We work with other agencies within the Weber Shandwick Collective (including Weber Shandwick, Powell Tate, and United Minds) and direct-to-KRC clients. KRC is headquartered in Washington, DC with staff across the U.S.
Qualifications

Strong preference for those who are a graduate student, recent college graduate or currentrising college senior. 
Must be able to work a minimum of 30 hours per week, with a strong preference for those who can work full-time (40 hours per week). This internship will begin in January 2024 and go through May 2024.
Must have superior analytical and writing skills, be a proactive communicator, and possess a keen eye for detail.
Strong preference for those with previous internshipwork experience. (Experience in opinion research is not required.)
Should have an interest in market research including work with data, analytics, or data visualization.

To Apply
We are currently accepting applications for openings in Washington, DC but are open to remote intern applicants. Please submit each of the following: the online application, a resume, and a cover letter. Applications will be considered until positions are filled, but we encourage you to apply early.
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.