
We Are SeekingWe are seeking a strong Vice President to join our Media Relations team within our Health Practice. We are looking for someone who knows the media landscape and has a unique experience telling stories for counseling clients on and executing integrated media relations strategy. The following is a general outline of primary responsibilities.What You Will Be Doing

Develop a strong understanding of the clients business and target audiences, and work collaboratively with strategists and creative team members to deliver solutions that meet program objectives.
Foster growth and team talent as a leader on the New York health media team, including management of mid to junior health media team members.
Have positive relationships with health media reporters, understand industry issues that directly and indirectly affect clients and the media landscape, and analyze and distill meaningful insights from media coverage.
Generate story ideas and topic angles, oversee team in developing media materials, and pitch media to land earned coverage.
Develop strategic messaging for clients and support creation of media plans and proposals that take an integrated approach to driving awareness with target audiences.
Provide thoughtful recommendations for content creation and distribution across multiple channels to support paid, owned and earned channels.
Support creative ideation on a consistent basis.
Participation in office-wide initiatives, seminars, and meetings to further professional learning and development.
Actively participate in agency development and assist with new business.

Competencies

Business Acumen align talent strategies to drive business goals
Client Service client focus and ability to build trust and rapport across all levels
Proactivity  exhibit relentless pursuit for new and innovative talent strategies
Collaboration build strong relationships at all levels across the organization
Critical Thinking ask probing questions; anticipate and address critical talent gaps and needs
Conflict Resolution possess sound judgment and savvy in navigating and resolving complex talent and organizational issues

Qualifications

Bachelors Degree in Marketing, Communications, Public Relations or related field
8-10 years PRcommunications experience
Media relations experience

The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

NYC Salary range: 145,000 - 180,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-JR1We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.