Must be able to work onsite in London office 3 daysweek
We believe in Extraordinary.  
At Jack Morton we create head-turning, stomach-dropping, mind-boggling, smile-inducing brand experiences for everyone. Its the future of marketing and theres nothing passive or predictable about it. We promise every day will be different than the previous one in a very good way.  
We take care of each other, as much as we take care of business. We marvel in each others uniqueness and revel in what each of us brings to the human potluck that is Jack. 
So, if you want to help shape the future of an entire industry, welcome. If you feel work, and the people you work with, can be extraordinary, lets chat. Were Jack, and we cant wait to meet you. 
That brings us to you. 
As the Senior Production Manager, you will have worked on live events and, preferably, trade shows, user conferences (though this is not essential). You will play an important role with clients, developing technical solutions for a broad portfolio of events (experiential, virtual, IRL) and experiences for a range of audiences all over the world. You will work as an integrated member of the team, collaborating closely with colleagues in client service, strategy and production.
What youll be doing

Set up and undertake comprehensive site inspections (often accompanying clients)
Prepare written proposals for pitch documents
Contribute to winning creative pitches
Lead the team to ensure flawless delivery of all projects, providing cutting-edge technical solutions
Work with creative production to achieve the best possible results within the available budget
Budget controlmanagement. To deliver to agreed financial targets and enhance margin
Monitor construction of set items, including all mechanical staging elements, to ensure smooth running on site
Oversee all technical elements on site, including fit-up, get-out and management of on-site personnel
Continually review network of suppliers and crew to ensure the best possible service is provided
Manage production managers on larger projects
Skilled and effective supplier negotiation to secure the most favourable rates for clients
Develop on-going relationships with clients
Ensure quality standards are adhered to including all health and safety and fire regulations both internally and on site, to ensure the utmost safety of all personnel
Research and identify EMEA and USA suppliers specific to the exhibition arena
Look for existing modular systems, to include aluminium frames and similar.

If you can do all that, you have what it takes. It might help if 

You are highly organised with flawless attention to detail
You are great with people at all levels
You are unfazed by tight deadlines and conflicting priorities and remain calm and collected under pressure
You are a confident communicator and presenter
You are excellent at constructing and managing project budgets
You have a broad network of suppliers and crew
You have extensive knowledge of other aspects of production
You are a skilled and effective negotiator
You are highly organised, with flawless attention to detail
You keep abreast of all technological advancements to provide clients with cutting-edge solutions and to promote new technology within the company
You keep abreast of all health and safety and fire regulations
You are up-to-date with Customs regulations for the transportation of technical equipment overseas
You keep up-to-date with the eventcreativemedia industry
You have an excellent working knowledge of MS Office
You have at least four years experience as a production manager andor experience in a related field

Last, but not least, we believe in diversity, equity, and inclusion.  
Jack Morton and Genuine are equal opportunity employers; we strongly value diversity at our companies. We do not discriminate on race, religion, color, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law. In 2020, Jack Morton and Genuine, as part of Interpublic Group (IPG), have been named to the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index (GEI), and Jack Morton has once again been designated a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Workplace Equality by the Human Rights Campaign in their Corporate Equality Index.   
LI-SC1
 
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.