
Weber Shandwick - District of Columbia  Vice President, Public Health
 
Job Summary
We are seeking a Vice President to join our Weber Shandick public health speciality. Were passionate about expanding the boundaries of what we offer our clients by bringing diverse perspectives to the table. Were always looking for new colleagues who reflect the best of our values: curiosity, inclusion, courage and impact.  
 
We are looking for someone who is passionate about having an impact on public health priorities, both at an individual and societal levels, and addressing health equity issues. This colleague will serve as a key client contact and provide public health counsel to clients and teams, partnering with senior leaders on our healthcare team to drive exceptional work, excellent client service and drive growth.
 
The ideal candidate should be a proactive team player who thrives in a fast-paced, always-changing environment. To be successful in this role, this individual must have a public health background and experience in government contracts. Experience working with behavior change theoretical models is a plus.  
 
You must have exceptional project management, writing and communications skills and an ability to translate client needs into action. Bottom line: you are an ambitious go-getter who loves a challenge!  
 
Responsibilities 

Coordinate closely with senior public health Weber Shandwick leads as well as broader team members to develop and implement growth strategies as well as existing client communicaitons efforts.
Works closely with senior team meembers to lead develop and implement integrated public health and communications campaigns for clients including government organizations, non-profits, associations, andor foundations
Provides day-to-day leadership of interdisciplinary team of research, creative and media strategists and Weber Shandwick offices and vendors to achieve client objectives
Stay current on emerging public health trends, distill highly complex and large amounts of information into strategic, actionable client recommendations
Appropriately track client budgets, spend and collaborate with senior leads around financial forecasting
Maintain day-to-day communications with clients, alongside cross-functional team members
Lead and support new business efforts for public health team, including responding to government RFPs with strategic senior counsel

 
Qualifications

8 years of experience in public health communications and behaivor change campaigns
Masters in Public Health preferred but not required
Experience with integrated communications campaigns, including earned, paid, owned channels
Strong experience responding to government RFPs, including writing and coordinating a cross-functional team response
Be a self-starter who works well within a highly collaborative, multi-disciplinary team
Bring a resilient, flexible mindset, deep curiosity, and a healthy sense of humor

 
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.