Do you check the headlines on your newsfeed or check out your favorite influencer first thing in the morning?
Golin is hiring a savvy Media Relations  Influencer Associate to help drive project execution and media results that keeps our clients relevant with top media and influencers. Youll build strong media and influencer relationships and always be on the lookout for opportunities that lead to coverage. Youll transform corporate milestones and data into compelling stories and craft interesting content that goes beyond the press release. Youll engage with media and influencers across a variety of channels, including social media, email and, yes, even a phone call or two. Your role will include identifying influencers who are relevant to the brand and managing influencer relationships in a mutually beneficial way to maximize your clients investment. Youll integrate across digital platforms, organic and paid channels to drive results. We are looking for someone with the ability to think across platforms by contributing to the integrated media team with the mindset of working in real time.
This role is hybrid, with the expectation of 2 days a week in the office working with Golin colleagues, and a 3rd day spent onsite with clients as needed. 
What Youll Do:

Support day-to-day media relations responsibilities.
Partner with account teams to create engaging media campaigns, establish and maintain relationships with media, industry analysts and online influencers, and guide our clients messaging to resonate with these audiences.
Build long-term media relationships with editors.
Work effectively in a team environment and collaborate with all members of the team.
Have a curiosity for analytics. Have the ability to turn a few pieces of data into actionable insights to influence our clients messaging and media outreach strategy.
Help to develop influencer strategies across a number of industries, verticals, and brand programs.
Stay on top of influencer marketing trends, relevant influencers for programs and industry news.
Regularly identify and vet new and up-and-coming influencers for current and future programs.
Work to help move forward influencer campaigns and logistics through tactics such as: maintaining budget trackers, draftingupdating influencer contracts, obtaining influencer insurance and additional necessary program details.
Create meaningful relationships with online influencers to deliver above and beyond content and engagement.
Seve as a liaison between client teams and influencers to deliver mutually beneficial results.
Manage off and online influencer engagements including experiential and influencer events.
Ensure all influencer engagements, both paid and organic, meet client and FTC guidelines.
Foster and maintain client relationships.

What You Have:

Interest in B2B technology, EVautomotive industries
A bachelors degree with 1 years of professional full-time experience
An understanding of media relations and influencer marketing
Strong writing and outreach skills are necessary. Not afraid of the cold call to establish new relationships
A passion for securing placements for the client and building relationships with anyone from an engineering website editor to the most influential names at well-known consumer tech outlets
Knowledge of paid social media bidding, targeting, posting and reporting is a plus
Excellent communication, organizational and computer skills are a must, along with the ability meet deadlines, juggle multiple tasks, and handle fast-paced environment
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, media monitoring, tracking and reporting
Well versed in AP style

About Us:
We are a progressive public relations agency designed to reach the profoundly diverse market. Our progressive approach aligns earned-first, data-driven creative with the customer journey, to build relevance and deliver maximum impact for our clients. To be successful with our employees and our clients, inclusion is a core value for Golin and we are focused on establishing a culture that is intentionally inclusive, profoundly diverse and uncompromisingly equitable.
Our expertise ranges from brand-building and cutting-edge campaigns, to corporate reputation, advocacy and consumer insights. Golin aligns earned-first, data-driven creative with the customer journey through our collaborative G4 Model to deliver maximum impact for clients. Our roster includes many of the largest CPG, retail, food, healthcare technology and consumer service companies in the world.
Salary range: 50,000 - 70,000
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.  
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.  
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
LI-KW1
LI-HybridWe make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.