US REMOTE - WEST COAST
We believe in Extraordinary.  
At Jack Morton we create head-turning, stomach-dropping, mind-boggling, smile-inducing brand experiences for everyone. Its the future of marketing and theres nothing passive or predictable about it. We promise every day will be different than the previous one in a very good way.  
We take care of each other, as much as we take care of business. We marvel in each others uniqueness and revel in what each of us brings to the human potluck that is Jack. 
So, if you want to help shape the future of an entire industry, welcome. If you feel work, and the people you work with, can be extraordinary, lets chat. Were Jack, and we cant wait to meet you. 
That brings us to you. 
Working with our Project Teams, the Project Accountants primary focus is to streamline the financial process - from setup to purchase order management and reconciliation.  This is an entry to a mid-level position suitable for a highly self-motivated, detail-oriented, service-focused individual. Were looking for someone who will bring intellectual curiosity, determination, and creativity to their work. The ideal candidate will be confident and insightful, think strategically, multi-task, prioritize efficiently, and communicate accurately and concisely.
What youll be doing  

Work with Project Leads throughout the budgeting process
Become savvy on our Budget Management tool to serve as the lead in maintaining the budget and following all processes for updates
Supporting area leads with purchase order management - open, track, close, and reconcile
Work with Project and area leads to report accurate project financials through regular reviews of job cost reports
Travel to the event to support budget tracking and onsite adds
Lead the post-event reconciliation process, including meetings with the area lead, Project Lead, and finance team to meet client deadlines
Support the setup of vendor onboarding as necessary
Maintain organization of electronic documentation
Track client billing through purchase orders and invoices, including AR collections if needed. 
Prepare utilizationmissing time reports and follow up as necessary
Provide ad hoc reporting and analysis

If you can do all that, you have what it takes. It might also help if... 

1-2 years of corporate experience in a finance setting
Proficiency in Google Sheets and Microsoft Excel (formulas, pivot tables, etc.)
Experience with financial reporting systems; Hyperion or SAP experience a plus
Ability to be flexible and work in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environment
Close attention to detail
Excellent organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills (both written and verbal)
A high degree of discretion and confidentiality required

Last but not least, we believe in diversity, equity, and inclusion.  
Jack Morton and Genuine are equal opportunity employers; we strongly value diversity at our companies. We do not discriminate on race, religion, color, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law. 
 LI-JS2We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.