 
 
Golin is seeking a Senior Manager, Analytics to play a key role in contributing to one of the fast-growing, sought-after teams in the agency. The ideal candidate is as unique as our insights and analytics team. Part digital analyst, part creative problem solver, he or she is a true hybrid with a deep understanding of digital and social analytics as well as the ability to tell stories with data and synthesize findings from a variety of different sources.
 
THE ROLE:
Play a leading role across key corporate and consumer client accounts, including social listening and audience intelligence; data collection and synthesis; measurement infrastructure development and maintenance; campaign, issues, and ad-hoc reporting; and integrated performance analysis, contributing to client, team, and organizational priorities.
 
 
Sound like you want to Go All In with us? Here are the details: 
 
 
What youll do:

Serve as primary point of contact and lead analyst across several key client accounts, partnering with Analytics leadership to design and scope new projects, overseeing junior analysts to execute within timelines and budgets.
Manage multiple projects and deadlines concurrently toward successful completion, including ongoing core workstreams and ad-hoc, quick-turn needs with minimal supervision and active communication with key stakeholders.
Rapidly and thoroughly familiarize yourself with client and industry backgrounds and needs, including general business strategy, industry issues, products and services, key customers, and competitors in the marketplace as well as specific measurement approaches, processes, and best practices.
Ask thoughtful questions to ensure clarity in your role across projects and accounts; demonstrate consistent, timely communication on project developments, timelines, progress and results; actively engage in client and stakeholder meetings to ask questions, and share relevant inputs based on deep knowledge and familiarity with account details and client needs.
Think strategically and be insightful with the ability to tell a story that converts data into actionable insights. Tabulate and analyze data, pulling out crisp insights and recommendations.
Support campaign and annual planning through measurement and analysis to support client objectives, focusing on measurement and analytics implementation, process optimization, and cross-team education on approach and best practices.
Review program and brand objectives and strategies to help set benchmarks and KPIs, operating within best-practice measurement frameworks; evaluate digital and social media results on a dailymonthlyquarterlyannual basis in coordination with client goals as well as benchmarks; manage dashboard setup and client walkthroughs of real-time data. 
Demonstrate a strong interest in and understanding of social media metrics and trends.
Be change-agent within our agency, helping to propose new, innovative approaches to analytics and measurement that push our clients to think differently. 

 
What you have:
 

Bachelors degree, and coursework in some form of marketing analysis, journalism, PR, mathematics, statistics andor social science is preferred.
Advertising, PR, or digital marketing experience a plus.
5 years of experience working in analytics, including experience configuring APIs and implementing integrated digital analytics solutions.
Deep experience using Talkwalker, Newswhip, Quid, Netbase, Brandwatch and similar analytics tools; must be comfortable and capable of quickly ramping up on new tools and applications.
Experience configuringsetting up measurement and analytics dashboards, training AI tools, cleaning and optimizing data across digital sources, and tagging  coding content according to measurement specifications.
Comfort interpreting a variety of different data sources from qualitative research to primary survey data to secondary data sources, working with and creating reports synthesizing all relevant data to create a cohesive story and inform decisions.
Advanced analytical skills with proven understanding of statistical techniques: hypothesis development, designing testsexperiments, analyzing data, drawing conclusions, and developing actionable recommendations.
Demonstrated ability to thrive in fast-paced industries and environments, demonstrated by time management skills, attention to detail, and ability to pivot and adapt to new and emerging client and agency situations.
Highly motivated, collaborative team player with excellent communication, organizational and interpersonal skills:

Good at developing relationships and building trust across diverse teams.
Ability to think on your feet and participate in brainstorms and work sessions.
Ability to manage up and communicate effectively with direct manager (VP, Analytics), senior account management, and clients to set expectations, share status updates, and flag potential issues.
Ability to manage junior team members to remain engaged and motivated in a fast-paced environment, inspire confidence and assist in boosting up team and productivity, and ensure consistent work product according to quality and timing expectations.


Excellent writing and presentation skills, including deep familiarity with PowerPoint and experience with design and data visualization tools to develop highly visual reports that deliver powerful storytelling.

 
 
 
About Golin 
 
We are a global public relations agency poised and staffing for the needs of today. Through our 60 year history we have redefined the role of PR with best-in-class creative that has earned worldwide attention and awards. Representing some of the biggest Fortune One brands, we offer a suite of services from content creation and production, diversity equity  inclusion strategy, influencer marketing, corporate strategy, and public affairs to name a few. To learn more about Golin visit: golin.com.
 
Salary Range: 70,000 - 130,000
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.
 
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.
 
Golin is an Equal Opportunity Employer  MFVeteranDisabilitySexual OrientationGender Identity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
 
LI-DNI
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.