
THE JOB  Senior Event Executive, Hospitality
EXPERIENCES  Responsible for planning and executing event and experiential marketing programs.
Our headquarters are in Stamford, CT, but the location of this position can be flexible with a preference for working in one of our office locations - - Stamford, CT, New York, NY, Charlotte, NC, Los Angeles, CA or Atlanta, GA. We will also consider a remote-based working arrangement for qualified candidates.
We are looking for a dedicated and enthusiastic person to join our skilled and multifaceted Hospitality Team. This Senior Event Executive will help lead and manage multiple projects with the ability to get involved in exciting programs with various clients. This position will get a broad view of Octagons offices and clients while assisting with a variety of elite events. If the idea of collecting frequent flyer miles excites you, this job is for you.
In this unique role, your principal responsibilities will include pre-event communication and planning, online registration management, on-site staffing, post-event communication and reporting. You will be working with a service-oriented team who is devoted to providing a seamless, white-glove hospitality experience to our clients. With the team located across a few Octagon offices, you will have broad exposure to the hospitality industry with a tremendous potential to learn and gain hands-on experience.
THE WORK YOULL DO

Assist with event planning, on-site activation and post-event wrap-up for various hospitality programs
Run online guest registration system and database
Manage templates and obtain invitee information from various clients
Budget creation, management, reconciliation, and recap
Creation of personalized itineraries for various events (i.e., golf, football, private events, entertainment)
Co-lead all weekly status calls and other key meetings with both internal and external constituents
Handle all logistics to include, but not limited to, dcor, lodging, transportation, food and beverage, production services, and celebrity appearances
Create and provide current status and budget reports for client usage (e.g., invitation status, golf pairings, dinners, activities, etc.)
Prepare and distribute event status meeting notes, execution guides, staff implementation guides
Manage event results reporting and wrap-up report development
General account management and assistance with client requests
Manage on-site temporary staff at event activations
Weekendholiday work as needed

THE BIGGER TEAM YOULL JOIN
Where others see complexity, we see possibility.
Octagon is the global sports, entertainment and experiential marketing arm of the Interpublic Group. But if that classification doesnt do it for you, and it shouldnt, lets take it a step further.
We are what we believe. And we believe that while the world of sports and entertainment is full of opportunities and possibilities, sometimes the amount of choice can seem a little overwhelming. Even daunting.
Thats where we come into play.
At Octagon we inspire brands, talent, and our people to see the world for all its potential. We then help break down the complexity and push forward so you can make your next right move.
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR

Your passion for sports, entertainment, gaming, music andor celebrity  lifestyle culture will make you a good Octagon fit
3 years experience in related events field; past hospitality experience preferred
Attentiveness to detail
A standout colleague who wants to know what others are working on and also wants to help
A self-starter with the ability to prioritize multiple projects on strict timelines, simultaneously
You form effective links with clients; You are flexible and adaptable in working with various personalities
A sense of humor and the ability to tell a good story; we like to laugh
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral
You thrive in high pressure environments and are exceptional at problem solving; offering creative solutions
Youre a go-getter, you demonstrate initiative and embrace new challenges (there will be plenty of last minute client requests)
Proficient in Microsoft Office suite; particularly Excel, PowerPoint, Word
Experience managing a budget
Though not a requirement, a second language is a plus
Willingness to travel and work, including non-traditional hours on nightsweekendsholidays (approx. 35)

This position pays 50,000, is overtime-eligible and comes with a comprehensive benefits package.
Octagons comprehensive benefit package includes:

Unlimited PTO policy  we understand you need time for play!
Competitive medicaldentalvision insurance plans with FSAHSA and Dependent Care FSA options. Pet Insurance for those who need it too!
Generous Family and Parental Leave Policy (12 weeks) with eligibility extended to all parents regardless of gender or primarysecondary caregiver status 
Access to our parent company (IPG) Savings plan (401K program) with company match as well as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
Pretax TransportationCommuter Benefits and Parent Travel Program
Dedicated Mental Health resources including Headspace membership, Employee Assistance Program (CCA) and more
Discount portal for everyday goods and services
Employee Resource Groups and inclusive diversity programming and initiatives
Personal Development programs 

Please also know that the well-being of our employees, partners, fans and consumers are top of mind to our agency, and we are taking measures to ensure proper health and safety initiatives and protocols are in place for our events and activations.
Octagon is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
 
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.