

Senior Presentation DesignerJob Description

About Us

Virgo Health works for pharmaceutical, biotech, and device companies to inform and educate healthcare professionals about the latest developments in clinical research and therapeutic approaches. 
We leverage our meetings, digital, and interactive expertise to understand whats easy and relevant for healthcare professionals to engage with. We tailor our content and design it to offer choice and active participation. 
Real, relevant, and human.
 

Job Overview
We are looking for an exceptional senior presentation designer with a passion for creativity and clarity in information communication. This role will primarily be focused on developing client and internal presentations that engage, inform, and entertain. 
However, working within a relatively small and dynamic creative team, the job will expand to a broader set of creative tasks. From developing branding for medical symposia, to storyboarding a social animation, to creating interactive assets for deployment across a diverse set of channels, no day will be the same.
Our ideal candidate will have exceptional knowledge of Microsoft PowerPoint and Google slides, including being able to produce animated slides, format data from Excel and interactivity. We want someone who treats PPT as a canvas to create memorable and exciting work. An in-depth knowledge of the big three Adobe apps (Id, Ai  Ps) is essential to support the role.
Experience of motion design and video production including use of Adobe Pr and Ae is a bonus. If you are a budding photographer, illustrator, or coder, even better!

A minimum of 5 years in a fast-paced studio environment is desirable as is the ability to work from your own initiative along with excellent time management. A strong portfolio demonstrating your skill as an integrated designer and creative thinker is a must.
 

Core Responsibilities
       Presentation design and production to brand guidelines
       Day-to-day design and artworking of slides
       Pitch deck design development
       Original slide template design and creation
       Visual storytelling to create engaging presentations and rework content to deliver the best outcome
       Create clear data visualizations and infographics

 

Additional Responsibilities
       Branding (could be an event or campaign)
       Conceptual ideation, everything from campaigns to theming an event
       Illustration
       Animation and video editing
       Front end digital design
       Social asset creation (static and motion)
       Alongside all the usual design jobs of image re-touching, stock image searches, icon drawing, and internal work

 

ExperienceSkills Required
       Highly motivated to work from own initiative
       Outstanding design ability
       Versatile design aesthetic to inspire and reach a wide range of audiences
       Ability to take concepts from initial brief through to final print-ready artwork
       Ability to prioritize and work within tight time frames
       Artistic eye, original thinking, and creative ideas
       Expert knowledge of Microsoft Office (Powerpoint, Word, Excel)
       Expert knowledge of Adobe CS (InDesign, Photoshop, and Illustrator a must)
       Proficient Ae animation and Pr editing skills; C4D experience is a bonus
       Attention to detail
       Organized and logical
       Confident and proactive
       Adaptable
       Excellent verbal and written communication skills

 

 

Level of Experience
Minimum 5 years of studio experience

 

Qualification
Diploma or degree in graphic design or related subject

 

Virgo Characteristics

 

       Team player
       Reliable
       Enthusiastic
       Conscientious
       Proactive
       Self-motivated
       Multitasker
       Organized
       Detail focused.

 

 

Key Performance Indicators
       Time management; meeting deadlines
       Quality of work
       Anecdotal client and team feedback
       Annual performance objectives and performance appraisal



Salary: 90,000-160,000
Virgo has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations.
Virgo is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.