
THE JOB  Event Production Director
EXPERIENCES  Responsible for planning and executing event and experiential marketing programs.
Our headquarters is in Stamford, CT, but the location of this position can be flexible with a preference for working in one of our office locations - - Stamford, CT, New York, NY, Charlotte, NC, Los Angeles, CA or Atlanta, GA. We will also consider a remote-based working arrangement for qualified candidates.
Do you enjoy turning ideas into action?
Do you love participating in and delivering fantastic experiences?
If you have knowledge and experience planning and managing events while on a constant search for the next best experience, this opportunity is for you! Our team is searching for an Event Production Director who can take a creative idea and bring it to life on-site for brands to own and consumers to enjoy.
But what will I do? Glad you asked. Youll be the general contractor of sorts organizing communication from multiple stakeholders and turning it in to actionable steps. The ultimate goal? Planning and executing world-class experiences for our brand clients and the consumers they are engaging with.
Still with us? Cool. Because this role will be integral in continuing to grow our team of event production experts, while taking on a lead role in a variety of new and exciting projects. We are looking for someone that is eager to try new things, dig in and work through complexity while having a lot of fun along the way.
THE WORK YOULL DO

Own programs from conception to execution as the lead event planner, producer, and team leader
Collaborate with a variety of specialty groups within Octagon (creative, client services, digital, etc.) taking the lead as experiential or event production expert
Work on a variety of programs and projects, large and small, with both new and existing client relationships
Manage of one or more direct reports on a project basis or as a career manager
Comfortable with hiring, leading, and maintaining strong relationships with vendors and partners
Host client and inter-agency calls during planning, providing strategy and recommendations while keeping an organized, efficient staffing plan
Lead on-site staff and partners at events and activations
Handle program budgets independently
Lead and support brainstorms and thought leadership projects
A moderate amount of domestic event travel will be required throughout the year, including nights and weekends (approximately 1-2 times a month)
Other administrative duties as assigned

THE BIGGER TEAM YOULL JOIN
Where others see complexity, we see possibility. 
Octagon is the global sports, entertainment and experiential marketing arm of the Interpublic Group. But if that classification doesnt do it for you, and it shouldnt, lets take it a step further.
We are what we believe. And we believe that while the world of sports and entertainment is full of opportunities and possibilities, sometimes the amount of choice can seem a little overwhelming. Even daunting.
Thats where we come into play!
At Octagon, we inspire brands, talent, and our people to see the world for all its potential. We then help break down the complexity and push forward so you can make your next right move.
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR

Expertise in producing and managing events in the sports and entertainment field
6-10 years of work experience in event production or experiential marketing
Proficiency in driving business forward and adjusting approach based on timelines and project demands
Ability to take a leadership role, while working well within a team-centric environment
Exceptional communicator both in persuasive and concise speech and written documents communication
Proactive, problem solver, and doer
Handling and prioritizing multiple projects with varying timelines and needs
Ability to zoom in to figure out sophisticated logistical problems with team members, then zoom out to understand big picture strategy and advise leadership
Willingness to work non-traditional event hours and travel for work
Proficiency with Microsoft Office suite, especially PowerPoint
Ability to lift up to 50 lbs. and stand for up to or more than 8 hours at a time
All applicants will need to provide proof of COVID vaccination or contact the organizations HR team if eligible for an exemption

Compensation  Benefits:
Director: The base range for this position is 70,000  90,000. Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications
Octagons comprehensive benefit package includes:

Unlimited PTO policy  we understand you need time for play!
Competitive medicaldentalvision insurance plans with FSAHSA and Dependent Care FSA options. Pet Insurance for those who need it too.
Generous Family and Parental Leave Policy (12 weeks) with eligibility extended to all parents regardless of gender or primarysecondary caregiver status 
Access to our parent company (IPG) Savings plan (401K program) with company match as well as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
Pretax TransportationCommuter Benefits and Parent Travel Program
Dedicated Mental Health resources including Headspace membership, Employee Assistance Program (CCA) and more
Discount portal for everyday goods and services
Employee Resource Groups and inclusive diversity programming and initiatives
Personal Development programs 

Please also know that the well-being of our employees, partners, fans and consumers are top of mind to our agency, and we are taking measures to ensure proper health and safety initiatives and protocols are in place for our events and activations.
Octagon is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
LI-JR1We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.