
Golin is looking for Managers who know how to make things happen!
We are adding two exciting Manager roles to our Dallas team. This role is hybrid, with the expectation of 2 days a week in the Golin office working with Golin colleagues, and a 3rd day spent onsite with clients as needed. 
This position will have the opportunity to work on consumer brands evolving their influencer and earned media relations efforts to break through to consumers. You are a creative problem-solver who loves a fast-paced environment, can lead team and client projects, provide strong client counsel and can develop and sell media strategy. And you love building strong relationships.
This role will support our clients in research and planning, launches, internal communications, earnedownedpaidsocial media, and the coordination of major events. Were looking for a dedicated team member who checked their ego at the door and comes with a can-do attitude to develop and drive strategic initiatives. The role includes serving as a client go-to for conceptualizing and executing plans and variety of projects.
 
DAY-TO-DAY ROLE:

Foster and maintain productive and influential client relationships
Identify solutions and work with teams and independently to drive client success and grow relationships
Cultivate a culture of support, growth and partnership among team
Hold and set a high bar for executing smart and sound ideas, flawless execution of client programs and internal project management
Drive forward execution of programs and activations, including celebrity partnerships, experiential events, content productions, earned-led programs and more.
Plan and implement consumer-facing events and partnerships on behalf of our brand partners.
Serve as an integral member of the account team addressing the varied and changing needs of clients, proactively providing thoughtful ideas and solutions
Have a command of the business and use that knowledge to collaborate with internal team members to develop and execute ideas and campaigns. Using that knowledge to become a go-to for your team and your client
Working closely with media relations and influencer experts to provide counsel as well as develop ideas that resonate in-channel.
Help manage the budget, manage timely billing and reporting, and work with Agency finance team

JOB REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelors degree in marketing, communications or related field with 3-5 years experience at a PR, Digital or Integrated Marketing Agency
Passion for client service and an ability to juggle multiple projects and changing priorities
Excellent verbal, written, presentation and problem-solving skills
Proven experience leading large-scale projects
Poise and calm under pressure and a desire to immerse yourself in a clients business to become a true partner

PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS:

Consumer brand andor CPG client experience is preferred
A mix of account management and media relations  influencer experience
Ability to execute and measure multifaceted campaigns and day-to-day communications initiatives
A strong understanding of influencer, traditional media and content marketing strategies, ability to integrate campaign strategies and tactics across earned, owned and paid media, and apply analytics to measure results and provide insights

Who We Are:
Golin is a progressive public relations agency designed to reach the profoundly diverse market. Inclusion is a core value for Golin and we are focused on establishing a culture that is intentionally inclusive, potently diverse and uncompromisingly equitable.
Our expertise ranges from brand-building and cutting edge digital content, to corporate reputation, healthcare advocacy and measurement. Golin aligns earned-first, data-driven creative with the customer journey through our collaborative G4 Model to deliver maximum impact for clients. Our roster includes many of the largest CPG, retail, food, healthcare technology and consumer service companies in the world.
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations. 
Salary range: 55,000 - 95,000
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
LI-CP1
LI-KW1
LI-DNI
We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.