
We Are Seeking
We are seeking an Account Director to join our Media Relations team within our Health Practice. As a Director, you will be responsible for managing client, media and inter-agency relationships, playing a critical role in determining the future and long-term success of our Health practice.
You will be responsible for all aspects of a client relationship and account team as it relates to earned media . You will supervise major pieces of business and team members. Other responsibilities include recommending programs and activities, coordinating with clients goals, effectively delegating projects, offering counsel to team members, and allocating agency resources to match client budgets.
You are also engaged with business development, strategic program planning, and the development of creative concepts. Ideally, you will have consumer health experience and a proven track record of managing branded and unbranded consumer campaigns with media and third party partnerships. The following is a general outline of primary responsibilities.
Additional responsibilities include but are not limited to:

Day-to-day client support and counsel
Leading media relations efforts for team including managing junior staff
Driving communications support around campaigns
Working across internal and external specialists including media, digital, creative and agency partners
Working with senior counselors on strategy

What We Are Looking For

Capacity to convey ownership of assigned projects to junior team members
Can solve conflicts
Can mobilize and motivate teams
Can work independently and as part of a team
Excellent oral and written business communication skills
Aptitude for financial analysis
Can complete challenging projects within set parameters
Exceptional judgment when working with team members, client contacts and vendors
Commitment and dedication to the agencys success as well as individual career
Can anticipate client and team needs
Attention to detail and quality
Instills confidence with clients and colleagues

Qualifications

At least 7 years healthcare public relationscommunications experience, including an interest in working with the media
BA or BS in Communications or in a related field

The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

NYC Salary range: 115,000 - 135,000
Where an employee or prospective employee is paid within this range will depend on, among other factors, actual ranges for currentformer employees in the subject position; market considerations; budgetary considerations; tenure and standing with the company (applicable to current employees); as well as the employeesapplicants background, pertinent experience, and qualifications.
Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-JR2We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.