Strategy Director
The Strategy Director will work to architect powerful business driving communications strategies. The ideal candidate is an insightful thinker who immerses themselves in a category, loves to understand what drives consumers to act and is relentless about finding unexpected insights to drive communications forward. In this role, you will be involved in all elements of brand strategy including creating and analyzing data and market trends, shaping market research, and developing impactful insights and strategies that solve brand challenges.
Responsibilities:

Advances abilities to lead select engagements -with supervision and guidance from a senior member the Strategic Planning department.
Someone who has led powerful earned strategies with internal and client facing stakeholders. Ideas that are earned at the core but built to improve brand strategies.
Acquires professional, mature presence in the team and client relationship, and shows strong presentation skills.
Proactively identifies potential challenges with the research plan, creative brief, making recommendations for improvement prior to completion.
Initiates and helps to execute strategic process, from research plan to creative brief, for approval from more senior leads. Co-leads client projects assignments.
Mine data, research, and intelligence reports for insights and implications.
Develop an immersive understanding of a product or brands market dynamics, customer mindset, competitive actions and industry trends.
Derive and articulate insights that will drive behavior change.
Cultivate strong relationships with staff, internal partners, and clients including counseling junior staff.

Experience Requirements:

6-9 years of experience in marketingcommunications strategy and planning ideally within a strategy departmentcommunications environment specializing in strategic insight generation.
Understanding of cultural brand strategy with familiarity of work within PR, digital and social media.
Expertise in the marketing and communications industry.
High level of comfort with research techniques and resources and insight generation.
Demonstrated experience with analytics and analyzing data (not necessarily just pulling data but also manipulating it)
Clear and compelling presentation skills.
Agility in working style  demonstrated ability to work against tight timelines and to work collaboratively.
Excellent verbal and written communication with the capability to construct and support arguments.

 
Weber Shandwick is proud to The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including: 

Medical 
Dental 
Vision 
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money  60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
My Days  Flexible holiday schedules
Short-Term Disability
Paid Employee Family Leave
Family Building Benefit 

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
LI-SK1
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.