
The Weber Shandwick team in Washington, DC is seeking an Account Director for our rapidly growing healthcare practice. We are looking for someone who is passionate about public health, steeped in healthcare issues, invested in health equity and who wants to make a difference in health in the US.
The Account Director will work closely with senior leaders in the healthcare practice, as well as with a team of talented junior staff to provide counsel and manage day-to-day workstreams, in addition to serving as a key client contact and providing public health, healthcare public affairs and advocacy engagement counsel.
The ideal candidate should be a proactive team player who thrives in a fast-paced, always-changing environment. To be successful in this role, this individual must have experience working on integrated public health or healthcare campaigns. Experience working with government agencies (like CDC) andor biopharmaceutical companies is a plus.  
You must have exceptional project management, writing and communications skills and an ability to translate client needs into action.
Responsibilities 

Work closely with account senior leadership in the development of public health communications and healthcare advocacy campaigns, including coordination among interdisciplinary team of research, creative and media strategists and Weber Shandwick offices and vendors.
Help manage the day-to-day operations of a multi-faceted, integrated campaigns, including but not limited to research, creative concepting and production, writing, digital communications, stakeholder engagement, social and earned media, paid media.
Manage junior staff in conducting stakeholder and advocacy research to develop engagement recommendations for clients.
Conduct outreach to client partners and engage stakeholders on behalf of clients while working closely with account senior leadership.
Support campaign reporting and manage client status reports, including materials trackers, media trackers, and website analytics trackers.
Contribute to ongoing healthcare business development, particularly in the public health and public affairs arena.

Qualifications

8 years of experience in health care communications, particularly in public health and government contracts.
Experience with integrated communications campaigns, including earned, paid, owned channels.
Experience working closely with several types of teams and ability to support facilitating cross-functional team integration.
The ability to manage multiple projects at various stages simultaneously.
Be a self-starter who works well within a highly collaborative, multi-disciplinary team.

Preferred Qualifications 

Budget forecasting and management experience.
Masters in Public Health preferred, but not required

 
The Weber Shandwick Collective recognizes that your health and wellbeing are a priority. This is why we offer a full suite of benefits including:

Medical
Dental
Vision
401k (with employer match)
Tuition Reimbursement
Juice Money - 60 monthly reimbursement to be used towards purchases that nourish your health, mind, body, and soul
MyDays  Flexible holiday schedules 
Short-Term Disability 
Paid Employee Family Leave 
Family Building Benefit

Weber Shandwick is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. Weber Shandwick recruits qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, ethnic or national origin, protected veteran status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or citizenship status.
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.