THE JOB  Account Executive, Home Improvement Client
CLIENT SERVICES  Responsible for leading Octagons client business and day-to-day management of client programs.
We are looking for an Account Executive to join our team supporting our Home Improvement clients divisional partnerships.
This position will allow the Account Executive to lead the day-to-day management of experiential marketing activations in The Home Depot Backyard at Mercedes-Benz Stadium with a focus on event planning and execution. The role will also assist with the clients partnership execution with the Atlanta Falcons, Atlanta United, and Mercedes-Benz Stadium with key responsibilities including client, vendor and partnership communication, operational and administrative duties of the account, hospitality, and event staffing.
The ideal candidate is organized, and detail oriented with the ability to prioritize multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment. Please note, onsite staffing and responsibilities are required during nights, weekends, and holiday periods.
THE WORK YOULL DO

Planning, development, and execution of various on-site activities and operations (i.e., staffing, logistics, tracking, etc.)
Writing event guidebooks, activation recaps and other event related documents
Inventory management of event materials (i.e., premiums, signage assets, activation elements, etc.)
Coordinate and lead on-site event operations and execution including event set-up and breakdown
Manage event staffing including sourcing and on-site oversight of Brand Ambassadors
Facilitate vendor engagements, including contract management and payments
Event ticket inventory distribution and management
Expense tracking and processing of purchase orders, invoices and monthly finance reporting
Support Account Manager on Atlanta Falcons, Atlanta United, and Mercedes-Benz Stadium partnership management and activation execution
Other related dutiesprojects as assigned including assisting in the development of all client results
Assist account team in supporting day-to-day needs and projects
Support the creation of detailed client presentations, activation plans and recap documents

THE BIGGER TEAM YOULL JOIN
Where others see complexity, we see possibility. 
Octagon is the global sports, entertainment and experiential marketing arm of the Interpublic Group. But if that classification doesnt do it for you, and it shouldnt, lets take it a step further.
We are what we believe. And we believe that while the world of sports and entertainment is full of opportunities and possibilities, sometimes the amount of choice can seem a little overwhelming. Even daunting.
Thats where we come into play!
At Octagon we inspire brands, talent, and our people to see the world for all its potential. We then help break down the complexity and push forward so you can make your next right move.
WHO WERE LOOKING FOR

Passion for and expertise in sports, entertainment, gaming, music andor celebrity culture
1-2 years of relevant sponsorship andor agency experience
Experience in event execution
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral
Strong ability to work as part of a team, demonstrate initiative and solve problems independently and proactively
Become knowledgeable on the clients industry, brand and core business objectives
Highly organized, phenomenal attention to detail, and able to prioritize multiple tasks simultaneously.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Software (specifically PowerPoint, Excel, and Word)
Willing to work weekends, nights and select holidays with non-traditional hours with a positive approach
Ability to lift up to 50 pounds
All applicants will need to provide proof of COVID vaccination or contact the organizations HR team if eligible for an exemption.

This position pays 40,000, is overtime-eligible and comes with a comprehensive benefits package.
Octagons comprehensive benefit package includes:

Unlimited PTO policy  we understand you need time for play!
Competitive medicaldentalvision insurance plans with FSAHSA and Dependent Care FSA options. Pet Insurance for those who need it too!
Generous Family and Parental Leave Policy (12 weeks) with eligibility extended to all parents regardless of gender or primarysecondary caregiver status 
Access to our parent company (IPG) Savings plan (401K program) with company match as well as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
Pretax TransportationCommuter Benefits and Parent Travel Program
Dedicated Mental Health resources including Headspace membership, Employee Assistance Program (CCA) and more
Discount portal for everyday goods and services
Employee Resource Groups and inclusive diversity programming and initiatives
Personal Development programs 

Please also know that the well-being of our employees, partners, fans and consumers are top of mind to our agency, and we are taking measures to ensure proper health and safety initiatives and protocols are in place for our events and activations.
Octagon is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
 
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.