 
Freelance, Associate 
Have you been looking for the right opportunity at an award-winning, global PR agency?
Golin Chicago is hiring temporary Associates. In this role, you will have the opportunity to support social media and influencer work, media relations, special events and client management.
We are looking for associates who can join us in a Freelance capacity and can commit to 20  40 hours per week for three-months (through end of January 24) across our portfolio of accounts.
Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in journalism, Public Relations, Communications, English, business or related field, or equivalent experience
Strong writing and verbal communication skills
A collaborative style and ability to quickly scan and search for content across the web
A self-starter, proactive and highly motivated team player
Demonstrate the ability to be detail oriented with a proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite 

Youll receive an amazing experience and the opportunity to learn from the best in the business!
Please note: We are open to considering qualified remote candidates in other locations.
Golin has included the base salary range or hourly rate for this role. Actual compensation offered within the range will depend upon, among other factors: a candidates skills, qualifications, and experience; actual ranges for current or former employees in the role; and market considerations. Hourly rate: 20hour  25hour 
Any request to schedule an interview and any legitimate offer of employment will only come from an authorized representative of Golin. We will never require an applicant to provide sensitive personally identifiable information in order to conduct an interview.
Golin is proud to be an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
LI-DNI
 
 We make our careers website accessible to any and all users. If you need an accommodation to participate in the application process, please contact us at JobAppAccommodationipgdxtra.com. This email address is not for general employment inquiries or vendors; rather it is strictly for applicants who require special assistance accessing our employment website. Due to volume, messages sent to this email address that are not related to an accommodation cannot be answered.