Were looking for students aspiring to be efficient, productive, and impactful software developers to join our Summer 2024 Engineering Internship Program. Jumpstart your career in a supportive environment that enables you to take on challenging work that directly impacts the business. 
Our 12-week program is designed to expose you to all parts of software development in a growing tech company, from user research to beta testing new features, and prepare you for a full-time engineering career. Our 1:1 mentorship philosophy paired with our small team structure ensures you are being taught the best engineering practices and foundational principles that will help grow your career and allow you to excel quickly and have endless opportunities for impact! 
As a member of our Engineering Program, youll join one of our many functional engineering teams as an individual contributor to develop new and well-written code, participate in and contribute to stand-ups, collaborate with team members on program and day-to-day work, provide project status updates, and increase efficiency amongst your team. Whether its working on one of our product teams and architecting product tours with React,  building out our foundational systems with our infrastructure teams, or redesigning our mobile apps with our mobile team, you will become an integral part of our growing organization. 
This role is based in our Reykjavik office with an office-centric hybrid schedule. Along with most Asanas, youll work from this office in person on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays. Most Asanas have the option to work from home on Wednesdays and Fridays. If youre interviewing for this role, your Talent Acquisition Partner will share more about the in-office requirements. 
Learn more about our Engineering team: 

The Asana Engineering Guide to Intern Mentorship 
What our 2020 Interns Built! 
How we build Inclusivity in the Workplace

What youll achieve

Learn what its like to work as a full time software developer in a fast growing tech company.
Make a real impact by contributing to a variety of projects, like building new features, testing infrastructure, implementing subtle interaction behaviors, or designing data models and seeing that impact in front of you.
Experience growth and development by being paired with a mentor who will support and guide you through opportunities to stretch and learn.
Help us maintain a codebase and an award-winning culture, contributing to everything from the broadest strategic discussions to the specifics of updating a small app feature.
Develop clean, beautiful code and leave it better than you found it.
Feel supported by a growth-oriented team cheering you on as you take on new challenges
Participate in Asanas culture of transparency and distributed responsibility by providing peer feedback to members of your team.

About you

Your anticipated graduation date is between December 2024 and July 2025
A constant desire to learn and improve
A foundational understanding of software development or computer science skills - we want to teach you more! 
Passion for creating a user friendly experience, down to those little details that matter
Appreciate productivity and care deeply about helping teams collaborate more effectively and efficiently, including your own
Excited to be a part of an inclusive culture where we encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to work

What well offer
Our comprehensive compensation package plays a big part in how we recognize you for the impact you have on our path to achieving our mission. We believe that compensation should be reflective of the value you create relative to the market value of your role. To ensure pay is fair and not impacted by biases, were committed to looking at market value which is why we check ourselves and conduct a yearly pay equity audit. 
For this role, the estimated pay rate is 690,000 ISK per month.  The actual rate will vary based on various factors, including market and individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process. The listed pay rate above is a guideline, and the pay rate for this role may be modified.
We strive to provide equitable and competitive benefit packages that support our employees worldwide and includes:

Mental health, wellness  fitness benefits
Career coaching  support 
In-office culinary options to cater to your dietary preferences 

These are just some of the benefits we offer, and benefits may vary based on role, country, and local regulations. If youre interviewing for this role, speak with your Talent Acquisition Partner to learn more about the total compensation and benefits for this role.
About us
Asana helps teams orchestrate their work, from small projects to strategic initiatives. Millions of teams around the world rely on Asana to achieve their most important goals, faster. Asana has been named a Top 10 Best Workplace for 5 years in a row, is Fortunes 1 Best Workplace in the Bay Area, and one of Glassdoors and Inc.s Best Places to Work. After spending more than a year physically distanced, Team Asana is safely and mindfully returning to in-person collaboration, incorporating flexibility that adds hybrid elements to our office-centric culture. With 11 offices all over the world, we are always looking for individuals who care about building technology that drives positive change in the world and a culture where everyone feels that they belong. 
We believe in supporting people to do their best work and thrive, and building a diverse, equitable, and inclusive company is core to our mission. Our goal is to ensure that Asana upholds an inclusive environment where all people feel that they are equally respected and valued, whether they are applying for an open position or working at the company. We provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by law.
internship