ELEVI is looking to add a Systems Engineer to our team. 
In order to join the Team you will need

You must be willing to work in the Fort Meade, area.      
A CURRENT OR ACTIVE SECURITY CLEARANCE WITH POLY IS REQUIRED.   
Require
 Strong customer outreach and product marketing skills for interfacing with mission and capabilities partners. Experience with data sharing policies and authorizations, both internal to customer and external partnerships. Experience with data thread engineering, to include multi-domain (TS, S, U) threading. Experience with developing system architecture and design planning documentation. Capturing and documenting artifacts with Jira and Confluence. Knowledge of Cloud Service provider offerings, specifically AWs and Azure Knowledge of general cloud computing and big data analysis. Lead smallmidsize projects Scheduling, managing, and tracking tasks, leveraging Atlassian suite (Jira, Confluence) Experience with customer engagement, outreach General understanding of analyticstradecraft development concepts

 Some of your day-to-day activities: 

Elicit and refine requirements, and schedule work breakdown to deliverables.
Document artifacts, and provide roadmaps and schedules for implementing end-to-end data flows, including transformation into a standard data model.
Form good customer relationships and reach out to external customers for requirements and understanding of the data and the data needs of the users.
Work as a key contributor in an agile development environment
Perform systems engineering activities and assist in the preparation of a work product in Technical Process Areas associated with the ISOIEC 15288.
Perform systems engineering activities and assist in the preparation of multiple work products in Project andor Technical Process Areas associated with any of the ISOIEC 15288 processes.
Assist in performing systems engineering activities in the ISOIEC 15288 Agreement or Enterprise Process Areas.
Perform analysis of technical alternatives for a project and make preliminary recommendations.
Develop and deliver a work product in any of the ISOIEC 15288 Process Areas.
Perform systems engineering activities and develop and deliver work products of either the ISOIEC 15288 Agreement or Enterprise Process Areas.
Independently analyze, and recommend alternatives for elements of projects technical design.
Perform systems engineering activities and develop and deliver work products in each of the ISOIEC 15288 Project and Technical Process Areas.
Supervise or coordinate the work of other contractor engineers or technicians on a project.
Analyze and propose appropriate engineering standards and processes for a project.
Assist in conducting an evaluation to determine its suitability for project implementation.
Assist in developing a new or innovative approach to a technical or engineering issue.

Why Work at ELEVI? 
To become an ELEVI employee is to become an integral part of the team. From Federal to Commercial, ELEVI offers our employees the ability to expand skills and fully engage their minds and passions. Each member of the team enjoys the opportunity to expand their career to meet their individual goals and objectives. We celebrate the ideas that bring about positive change, and the diverse talents and backgrounds that come together to create those ideas.
Were an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants—without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.