Because You Deserve More Than Just a Job
To be an ELEVI team player you will need: 

You must hold a current  Poly clearance
Possess fourteen (14) years of experience as a systems engineer in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required.  
A Bachelors degree in a Qualified Engineering Field or a related discipline  from an accredited college or university plus four (4) years of systems engineering experience.
Requirements Definition and Analysis, Data Source engineering experience

Some of your day-to-day activities include but not limited to:  

Perform systems engineering activities and assist in the preparation of a work product in Technical Process Areas associated with the ISOIEC 15288
Develop and deliver a work product in any of the ISOIEC 15288 Process Areas
Perform analysis of technical alternatives for a project and make preliminary recommendations.
Assist in performing systems engineering activities in the ISOIEC 15288 Agreement or Enterprise Process Areas.
Perform systems engineering activities and assist in the preparation of multiple work products in Project andor Technical Process Areas associated with any of the ISOIEC 15288 processes.

Why Work at ELEVI? 
 To become an ELEVI employee is to become an integral part of the team. From Federal to Commercial, ELEVI offers our employees the ability to expand skills and fully engage their minds and passions. Each member of the team enjoys the opportunity to expand their career to meet their individual goals and objectives. We celebrate the ideas that bring about positive change, and the diverse talents and backgrounds that come together to create those ideas.
Our benefit packages encompass competitive compensation, financial and counseling services, retirement options, and health insurance programs. Coupled with worklife benefits to address significant life problems as well as everyday problems involved in juggling work, family, and life.  We trust you to take the time you need when you feel its appropriate. No need to keep track or save up. We trust our employees and empower them to shape their work themselves so that we can achieve the best possible results.
 
Were an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants—without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.