In Order to Join the ELEVI Team you will need:

You must have a current or active security clearance with a poly.  
Possess Seven (7)  years of experience as a software engineer in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required or 4 more years experience
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required OR 4 years of additional Software Engineer experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelors degree.
Required SkillsExperience: Linux system administration and integration experience (RHEL, CentOS, Ubuntu) Cloud services experience (AWS, Azure); services provisioning, management of virtual services, familiarity with vendor Platform as a Service offerings System monitoring and maintenance to include service upgrades and security patching and IAVA management Troubleshooting of services (Tier 12 level) Configuration management support, familiarity with PuppetSIMP, Ansible, Salt, Chef RPM development, deployment, and upgrade experience Familiarity with configuration and workflow tools such as GitLab, JiraPotential for future telework, but NOT at this time

Some of the day-to-day activities:  

Support the modernization of malware analysis and develop techniques for metadata storage for knowledge management to support the defense of national security systems.
The engineer will be a part of a team who explores new technologies and prototypes new mission tools and analytics.
The team also develops new algorithms and innovative techniques to address mission related problems.

Were an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants—without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.