Because You Deserve More Than Just a Job
As a Computer Network Defense Analyst (CNDA), you will:

use information collected from a variety sources (e.g., intrusion detection systems, firewalls, network traffic logs, and host system logs) to identify potential vulnerabilities, respond to cyber events that occur, and defend against events that might occur.  
help develop mitigations to strengthen network defenses and protect against attacks on network infrastructure devices or systems.
your work may span the gamut of data transport possibilities, such as traditional wired networks, wireless transport (including Wi-Fi and cellular), collaborative platforms such as video teleconferencing, and the hardware and software that support it all.
you can advance your career as you develop increasing expertise in networking protocols and architectures, cloud security, Internet of Things protocols, and advanced network security.
be part of a team, working together with government, military, and contractor personnel to develop shared understandings of intelligence needs, mission relevance, and areas of expertise.
apply your innate curiosity and analytical talent to form hypotheses, critically assess and choose analysis techniques, then query, merge, enrich, evaluate, and pivot within data to attain and share insights.
distill, document, contextualize and share your findings--including any new tradecraft that you develop--with teammates, stakeholders, and intelligence consumers.

 
Youll Bring These Qualifications

Education: Degree in Network Engineering, Systems Engineering, Information Technology, or related field (e.g., General Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Forensics, Cyber Security, Software Engineering, Information Assurance, or Computer Security). Up to 18 semester hours of military trainingcoursework in networking, computer science, or cyber topics is equivalent to an Associate degree.


Experience: Relevant experience must be in computer or information systems designdevelopment, programming, informationcybernetwork security, vulnerability analysis, penetration testing, computer forensics, information assurance, andor systems engineering.  Additionally, must have experience in network or system administration.  If not credited toward education requirements, completion of military training in a relevant area such as JCAC (Joint Cyber Analysis Course), Undergraduate Cyber Training (UCT), Network Warfare Bridge Course (NWBC)Intermediate Network Warfare Training (INWT), Cyber Defense Operations will be considered towards relevant experience requirement (i.e., 20- to 24-week courses will count as 6 months of experience; 10-14 weeks will count as 3 months of experience). In some cases, foreign language proficiency may also be used to satisfy experience requirements; recent Interagency language Roundtable (ILR) scores are required to substantiate your proficiency level. The total of all experience equivalencies is capped at half of the required years of experience.
Fully cleared with FS
5 years applicable experience with a bachelors degree, OR
7 years applicable experience with associate degree

Why Work at ELEVI? 
To become an ELEVI employee is to become an integral part of the team. From Federal to Commercial, ELEVI offers our employees the ability to expand skills and fully engage their minds and passions. Each member of the team enjoys the opportunity to expand their career to meet their individual goals and objectives. We celebrate the ideas that bring about positive change, and the diverse talents and backgrounds that come together to create those ideas.
Our benefit packages encompass competitive compensation, financial and counseling services, retirement options, and health insurance programs. Coupled with worklife benefits to address significant life problems as well as everyday problems involved in juggling work, family, and life.  We trust you to take the time you need when you feel its appropriate. No need to keep track or save up. We trust our employees and empower them to shape their work themselves so that we can achieve the best possible results.
 
Were an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants—without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.