Because You Deserve More Than Just a Job
To be an ELEVI team player you will need: 

You must hold a current  Poly clearance
Possess fourteen (14) years of experience as a software engineer in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required.  
Having a Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required. Four (4) years of additional software engineering experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a Bachelors degree.  
DoD 8570 compliance with Information Assurance Technical (IAT), Level III or higher is required.
CISSP Certification is required.

 
Some of your day-to-day activities include but not limited to:  

Provide support for implementation, troubleshooting and maintenance of IT systems
Provide Tier 1 (Help Desk) problem identification, diagnosis and resolution of problems
Manage the daily activities of configuration and operation of IT systems
Provide assistance to users in accessing and using IT systems
Provide Tier 1 (Help Desk) and Tier 2 (Escalation) problem identification, diagnosis and resolution of problems (U) Provide support to IT systems including day-to-day operations, monitoring and problem resolution for all of the clientserverstoragenetwork devices, mobile devices, etc.

Why Work at ELEVI? 
 To become an ELEVI employee is to become an integral part of the team. From Federal to Commercial, ELEVI offers our employees the ability to expand skills and fully engage their minds and passions. Each member of the team enjoys the opportunity to expand their career to meet their individual goals and objectives. We celebrate the ideas that bring about positive change, and the diverse talents and backgrounds that come together to create those ideas.
Our benefit packages encompass competitive compensation, financial and counseling services, retirement options, and health insurance programs. Coupled with worklife benefits to address significant life problems as well as everyday problems involved in juggling work, family, and life.  We trust you to take the time you need when you feel its appropriate. No need to keep track or save up. We trust our employees and empower them to shape their work themselves so that we can achieve the best possible results.
 
Were an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants—without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.