In Order to Join the ELEVI Team you will need:

You must have a current or active security clearance with a poly.  
The ELEVI team is currently seeking a Junior Developer who has a foundational understanding of end-to-end software development, system development life cycles and operational maintenance and support.
Responsibilities: Take technical direction and guidance from senior engineers and execute on that guidance. Routinely meet with the customer to capture new requirements and capture meeting minutes. Assess tools for recommendations of new capabilities and features to meet and exceed mission needs. Conduct routine Operational Maintenance to sustain system support and network compliance. Analyze user requirements to derive software design and performance requirements. Debug existing software and accurate defects. Provide recommendations for improving documentation and software development process standards. Design and code new software or modify existing software to add new features. Integrate existing software into new or modified systems or operating environments. Develop simple data queries for existing or proposed databases or data repositories.Required Skills: Familiar with Agile processes, methodologies, and ceremonies Foundational understanding of end-to-end software development, system development life cycles and operational maintenance and support Familiar with Syntactic and Semantic rules and processes Willingness to learn and the ability to take initiative and ask questions.Limited Telework available, may be more later in time.

Some of the day-to-day activities:  

Attend meetings with the team and customer and provide basic technical input, capture meeting minutes, and answer questions with sound technical acumen supported by best practices and engineering rigor.
Support the modernization of malware analysis and develop techniques for metadata storage for knowledge management to support the defense of national security systems.
The engineer will be a part of a team who explores new technologies and prototypes new mission tools and analytics.
The team also develops new algorithms and innovative techniques to address mission related problems.

Were an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants—without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.