ELEVI is looking to add a Systems Engineer to our team. 
In order to join the Team you will need

You must be willing to work in the Annapolis Junction, area.      
A CURRENT OR ACTIVE SECURITY CLEARANCE WITH POLY IS REQUIRED.   
Bachelors and Masters degree from an accredited college or university in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, mathematics, operations research, engineering or computer science). 
Experience with CNO data is nice to have.
Skills: Good working skills with Atlassian products such as Confluence and Jira Good understanding of data flow processes Understands system-to-system connections for data flow processes Basic understanding of NiFi, should understand flow file attributes or be able to learn it quickly Familiar with data formats such as CSV, JSON, PCAP and XML Knows why a streaming object transport format is needed Able to provide adequate status updates to senior leadership Capable of aligning sprint priorities with the roadmap projections and goals Familiar with SAFe AgileScrum ceremonies, iterative improvement and stepwise refinement Able to capture meeting minutes, extract requirements and disseminate information to the team Able to monitor and track action items and dependencies Good organizational and documentation skills Able to work with the customer to recommend priorities based on team load, abilities, mission goals, requirements and deadlines

 Some of your day-to-day activities: 

Perform systems engineering activities and assist in the preparation of a work product in Technical Process Areas associated with the ISOIEC 15288.
Perform systems engineering activities and assist in the preparation of multiple work products in Project andor Technical Process Areas associated with any of the ISOIEC 15288 processes.
Assist in performing systems engineering activities in the ISOIEC 15288 Agreement or Enterprise Process Areas.
Perform analysis of technical alternatives for a project and make preliminary recommendations.
Develop and deliver a work product in any of the ISOIEC 15288 Process Areas.
Perform systems engineering activities and develop and deliver work products of either the ISOIEC 15288 Agreement or Enterprise Process Areas.
Independently analyze, and recommend alternatives for elements of projects technical design.
Perform systems engineering activities and develop and deliver work products in each of the ISOIEC 15288 Project and Technical Process Areas.
Supervise or coordinate the work of other contractor engineers or technicians on a project.
Analyze and propose appropriate engineering standards and processes for a project.
Assist in conducting an evaluation to determine its suitability for project implementation.
Assist in developing a new or innovative approach to a technical or engineering issue.

Why Work at ELEVI? 
To become an ELEVI employee is to become an integral part of the team. From Federal to Commercial, ELEVI offers our employees the ability to expand skills and fully engage their minds and passions. Each member of the team enjoys the opportunity to expand their career to meet their individual goals and objectives. We celebrate the ideas that bring about positive change, and the diverse talents and backgrounds that come together to create those ideas.
Were an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants—without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.