In Order to Join the ELEVI Team you will need     

A CURRENT OR ACTIVE SECURITY CLEARANCE WITH POLY IS REQUIRED   
Eight (8) years of demonstrated experience in database development for relational andor cloud-based databases. 
Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Information Systems or related discipline may be substituted for four (4) years of experience, or a Master of Science degree in computer science, computer engineering, or information systems or related discipline may be substituted for six (6) years experience. 
Have a good understanding of the customer data flow architecture.
Experience with CNO data is nice to have.
Skills: Good working skills with Atlassian products such as Confluence and Jira Good understanding of data flow processes Understands system-to-system connections for data flow processes Basic understanding of NiFi, should understand flow file attributes or be able to learn it quickly Familiar with data formats such as CSV, JSON, PCAP and XML Knows why a streaming object transport format is needed

Some of the day-to-day activities: 

Evaluate design and implementation of existing database and application systems to ensure optimal efficiency and performance of deployed systems and participate in project test activities
Work with the Project Manager and other team members to gather requirements and design and implement applications in alignment with project schedule. 
Identify data sources, construct data decomposition diagrams, provide data flow diagrams and document the process.
Write code for database access, modifications and constructions including stored procedures. 
Responsible for dataflow implementation including transitions from legacy to modern systems and monitoring of implemented data flows
e able to work independently, learn new tasks over time

Every day we make great things happen to meet our customers expectations. We look to YOU, the talent that makes it all happen. 
 Were an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants—without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination. 