Because You Deserve More Than Just a Job
To be an ELEVI team player you will need: 

You must hold a current  Poly clearance
Possess fourteen (14) years of experience as a systems engineer in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required.  
A Bachelors degree in a Qualified Engineering Field or a related discipline  from an accredited college or university plus four (4) years of systems engineering experience.
Experience developing automated end-to-end tests of RESTful web services using ReadyAPISoapUI and Groovy to validate functional, technical, and performance requirements of a large, complex system of systems.
Extensive experience developing scripts from scratch (In order of preference: Groovy, JavaScript, Python)
Experience using GitLab  Git for source code management and version control
Experience working in a Linux environment, comfortable with basic command line navigation and commands.

Some of your day-to-day activities include but not limited to:  

Applies systems engineering principles throughout the systems life cycle phases: Concept, Development, Production, Utilization, Support, and Retirement.
Interacts with the Government regarding Systems Engineering technical considerations and for associated problems, issues or conflicts.
Communicates with other program personnel, government overseers, and senior executives.
Responsibility for the technical integrity, quality, and completeness of work performed and deliverables associated with one or more of the 25 process areas defined by ISOIEC15288: Technical Process Area - Stakeholder Requirements Definition, Requirements Analysis, Architectural Design, Implementation, Integration, Verification, Transition, Validation, Operation, Maintenance, and Disposal; Project Process Area - Project Planning, Project Assessment and Control, Decision Management, Risk Management, Configuration Management, Information Management, and Measurement; Enterprise (Organizational Project-Enabling) Process Area - Project Portfolio Management, Infrastructure Management, Lifecycle Model Management, Human Resource Management, and Quality Management; Agreement Process Area - Acquisition and Supply.

Why Work at ELEVI? 
 To become an ELEVI employee is to become an integral part of the team. From Federal to Commercial, ELEVI offers our employees the ability to expand skills and fully engage their minds and passions. Each member of the team enjoys the opportunity to expand their career to meet their individual goals and objectives. We celebrate the ideas that bring about positive change, and the diverse talents and backgrounds that come together to create those ideas.
Our benefit packages encompass competitive compensation, financial and counseling services, retirement options, and health insurance programs. Coupled with worklife benefits to address significant life problems as well as everyday problems involved in juggling work, family, and life.  We trust you to take the time you need when you feel its appropriate. No need to keep track or save up. We trust our employees and empower them to shape their work themselves so that we can achieve the best possible results.
 
Were an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants—without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.