Because You Deserve More Than Just a Job
As a Digital Network Exploitation Analyst, you will:

evaluate target opportunities using all source data to understand and map target networks, and to assist in developing detailed exploitation and operations plans.
analyze SIGINT and cybersecurity data at multiple levels up and down the OSI network stack and bring a solid understanding of logicalphysical IP core infrastructure, communication devices and how they connect to networks, and the traffic movements in a network.
be involved in developing new tradecraft needed to perform this analysis as technologies evolve.
be part of a team, working together with government, military, and contractor personnel to develop shared understandings of intelligence needs, mission relevance, and areas of expertise.
apply your innate curiosity and analytical talent to form hypotheses, critically assess and choose analysis techniques, then query, merge, enrich, evaluate, and pivot within data to attain and share insights
distill, document, contextualize and share your findings--including any new tradecraft that you develop--with teammates, stakeholders, and intelligence consumers.

 
Youll Bring These Qualifications
Education: Degree in Computer Science. Degree in related fields (e.g., Engineering, Mathematics) may be considered relevant if programs contain a concentration of courses in the following foundational CS areas: algorithms, computer architecture (not network architecture), programming methodologies and languages, data structures, logic and computation, and advanced mathematics (for example, calculus, discrete mathematics). Information Technology (IT) and Information Security (IS) degrees may be considered relevant if the programs contain the amount and type of coursework equivalent to a Computer Science (CS) major.

2 years applicable experience with a PhD, OR
3 years applicable experience with a masters degree, OR
5 years applicable experience with a bachelors degree, OR
7 years applicable experience with an associate degree

Relevant Experience: Relevant experience must be in computer or information systems designdevelopmentanalysis roles.  In addition, it may also include engineering hardware andor software, programming, computernetwork security, vulnerability analysis, penetration testing, computer forensics, information assurance, systems engineering, andor network and systems administration.  Completion of military training in a relevant area such as JCAC (Joint Cyber Analysis Course) may be considered towards the relevant experience requirement (i.e., 24-week JCAC course may count as 6 months of experience). 
Active Clearance with Poly
 
Why Work at ELEVI? 
To become an ELEVI employee is to become an integral part of the team. From Federal to Commercial, ELEVI offers our employees the ability to expand skills and fully engage their minds and passions. Each member of the team enjoys the opportunity to expand their career to meet their individual goals and objectives. We celebrate the ideas that bring about positive change, and the diverse talents and backgrounds that come together to create those ideas.
Our benefit packages encompass competitive compensation, financial and counseling services, retirement options, and health insurance programs. Coupled with worklife benefits to address significant life problems as well as everyday problems involved in juggling work, family, and life.  We trust you to take the time you need when you feel its appropriate. No need to keep track or save up. We trust our employees and empower them to shape their work themselves so that we can achieve the best possible results.
 
Were an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants—without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.