Because You Deserve More Than Just a Job
To be an ELEVI team player you will need: 

You must hold a current  Poly clearance
Twelve (12) years experience software engineering experience in programs and contracts of similar scope, type, and complexity is required
Four ((4)years of which must be in programs utilizing Big-Data Cloud technologies andor Distributed Computing. Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required
Four (4) years of cloud software engineering experience on projects with similar Big-Data systems may be substituted for a bachelors degree.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required. Master in Computer Science or related discipline from an accredited college or university may be substituted for two (2) years of experience. Cloudera Certified Hadoop Developer certification may be substituted for one (1) year of Cloud experience.
The following Cloud related experiences are required:

Two (2) years of Cloud and Distributed Computing Information Retrieval (IR).
One (1) year of experience with implementing code that interacts with implementation of Cloud Big Table.
One (1) year of experience with implementing code that interacts with implementation of Cloud Distributed File System.
One (1) year of experience with implementing complex MapReduce analytics.
One (1) year of experience with implementing code that interacts with Cloud Distributed Coordination Frameworks.


Experience with Computer Network Operations: Utility Computing, Network Management, Virtualization (VMWare or VirtualBox), Cloud Computing 2. Multi Node Management and Installation: Management and installation of Cloud and Distributed Computing on multiple nodes, Python, CFEngine, Bash, Ruby or related technologies.
Experience with Information Assurance: Securing Cloud Based and Distributed applications through industry standard techniques such as Firewalls, PKI Certificate and Server Authentication with experience in Corporate authentication service(s)

Some of your day-to-day activities include but not limited to:  

Develops, maintains, and enhances complex and diverse Big-Data Cloud systems based upon documented requirements. Directly contributes to all stages of back-end processing, analyzing, and indexing.
Provides expertise in Cloud Computing, Hadoop Eco-System including implementing Java applications, Distributed Computing, Information Retrieval (IR), and Object Oriented Design.
Reviews and tests software components for adherence to the design requirements and documents test results.
Resolves software problem reports.
Utilizes software development and software design methodologies appropriate to the development environment.
Provides specific input to the software components of system design to include hardwaresoftware trade-offs, software reuse, use of Commercial Off-the-shelf (COTS)Government Off-the-shelf (GOTS) in place of new development, and requirements analysis and synthesis from system level to individual software components.

Why Work at ELEVI? 
 To become an ELEVI employee is to become an integral part of the team. From Federal to Commercial, ELEVI offers our employees the ability to expand skills and fully engage their minds and passions. Each member of the team enjoys the opportunity to expand their career to meet their individual goals and objectives. We celebrate the ideas that bring about positive change, and the diverse talents and backgrounds that come together to create those ideas.
Our benefit packages encompass competitive compensation, financial and counseling services, retirement options, and health insurance programs. Coupled with worklife benefits to address significant life problems as well as everyday problems involved in juggling work, family, and life.  We trust you to take the time you need when you feel its appropriate. No need to keep track or save up. We trust our employees and empower them to shape their work themselves so that we can achieve the best possible results.
 
Were an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants—without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.