Job Summary
As a Sales  Operations Analyst at Ember, you will play a critical role in supporting the sales and operations teams by providing data-driven insights, conducting in-depth analyses, and developing strategies to enhance efficiency and profitability. You will work closely with cross-functional teams to improve processes and make data-backed decisions.
Job Description 

Develop and maintain an unbiased rolling 24-month unit forecast at the item level for assigned accounts using current forecasting methodologies.
Enhance forecast accuracy, minimize forecast bias, and optimize inventory levels while achieving financial objectives and expected customer service levels.
Manage internal and external relationships to maximize objectives consistent with customer and organizational expectations.
Develop data-driven perspectives on POS expectations, inventory levels, and competitive marketplace dynamics to create an unbiased 12 month rolling forecast.
Assemble and analyze demand plans by driving the monthly planning cycle utilizing market information and statistical forecasts.
Establish proficiency in our demand planning software solution and the ability to interpret results from other internal operational support software.
Work collaboratively with internal team members, including Sales, Finance, and Operations, to proactively identify risks and opportunities to plan achievement.
Perform other job-related duties as required.

Requirements 

Bachelors degree in business, Economics, Finance, or a related field preferred.
Proven experience in sales analysis, operations analysis, or a related role.
Strong proficiency in data analysis tools (e.g., Excel).
Exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent communication skills to convey complex data-driven insights.
Ability to work independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.

The salary range for this role is 60,000.00 - 70,000.00 per year. Actual compensation packages within that range are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years and depth of experience, certifications, and specific location.
Why work at Ember?
Ember is a design-led temperature control brand and technology platform, whose mission is to revolutionize the way people eat, drink and live. Ember creates, designs and develops temperature control products that offer people complete customization.
Named one of TIME magazines Best Inventions, the award-winning temperature control Ember Travel Mug and Ember Mug are the most advanced coffee mugs on the market, allowing individuals to set and maintain their preferred drinking temperature for hot beverages.Embers temperature control smart mugs are available in over 10,000 retail doors in 27 countries worldwide, including top retailers such as Best Buy, Apple, Williams Sonoma, Bloomingdales and Target.
To learn more visit ember.com and connect with us on Facebook.comember, Instagram.comember and Twitter.comember_tech.