Job Summary
As a Sales and Operations Administrator at Ember, you will play a vital role in maintaining the smooth functioning of our sales and operations activities. You will assist in various administrative tasks, coordinate with cross-functional teams, and ensure that day-to-day operations run efficiently and effectively.
Job Description 

Analyze sales data and key performance indicators (KPIs) to identify trends, opportunities, and areas for improvement.
Act as the direct link to our key accounts and work closely with both Sales leadership and Operations leadership as voice of customer representative.
Review and analyze the forecast demand versus actual demand, understanding changes and trends.
Work with multiple stakeholders within the Sales organization to understand their business needs.
Collaborate with Sales and Marketing to ensure that the promotions, visible impact orders, and new product forecasts are included in the aggregate demand.
Notify internal stakeholders in planning, sourcing, of forecast or capacity changes in a timely basis.
Communicate with planning, sourcing about promotions, new products forecasts, and launch timing updates.
Assist in the resolution of key supply-demandservice challenges.
Document assumptions, promotions, and adjustments to forecasts using Sales and Marketing teams input.
Assist in managing and organizing sales and operations activities, including scheduling appointments, managing calendars, and maintaining records.
Prepare and distribute sales reports and performance metrics.
Perform other job-related duties as required.

Requirements 

Prior experience in sales support or operations coordination is a plus.
Strong organizational and time management skills.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, Outlook).
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Detail-oriented and able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
Customer-oriented with a focus on delivering exceptional service.
System inputs and data entry management.

The salary range for this role is 50,000.00 - 60,000.00 per year. Actual compensation packages within that range are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years and depth of experience, certifications, and specific location.
Why work at Ember?
Ember is a design-led temperature control brand and technology platform, whose mission is to revolutionize the way people eat, drink and live. Ember creates, designs and develops temperature control products that offer people complete customization.
Named one of TIME magazines Best Inventions, the award-winning temperature control Ember Travel Mug and Ember Mug are the most advanced coffee mugs on the market, allowing individuals to set and maintain their preferred drinking temperature for hot beverages.Embers temperature control smart mugs are available in over 10,000 retail doors in 27 countries worldwide, including top retailers such as Best Buy, Apple, Williams Sonoma, Bloomingdales and Target.
To learn more visit ember.com and connect with us on Facebook.comember, Instagram.comember and Twitter.comember_tech.