Job Summary
As the Director of FPA, you will lead the financial planning and analysis function at Ember. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to provide financial insights, develop budgets and forecasts, and contribute to the overall financial strategy. 
Job Description 

Prepare and maintain financial forecasts models and analyze variances against actual results.
Prepare and maintain detailed weekly cash flow models.
Analyze forecasted vs. actual monthly results to explain drivers and identify areas of improvement.
Monitor and analyze financial performance and key performance indicators (KPIs).
Produce accurate and timely financial reports for management and stakeholders.
Provide in-depth financial analysis to support decision-making.
Develop and manage the annual budgeting process and provide analysis of actual results vs. forecast to budget center owners.
Identify trends, opportunities, and areas for improvement.
Partner with senior leadership to align on long-term financial planning and provide financial insights for strategic planning.
Assess the financial impact of business decisions and initiatives.
Continuously improve financial planning and analysis processes.
Implement best practices and automation to enhance efficiency and accuracy.
Ensure compliance with financial regulations and reporting standards.
Identify and mitigate financial risks.
Maintain confidentiality of financial information and investment decisions.
Perform other job-related duties as required.

Requirements 

Bachelors degree in Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
5 years of experience in financial planning and analysis, with a track record of success in a leadership role.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Strong proficiency in financial modeling and forecasting.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Ability to present financial data using detailed reports and charts.
Ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office, with focus on Excel.
Relevant certification (e.g. CFAMBA) is a plus.

The salary range for this role is 165,000.00 - 185,000.00 per year. Actual compensation packages within that range are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years and depth of experience, certifications, and specific location.
Why work at Ember?
Ember is a design-led temperature control brand and technology platform, whose mission is to revolutionize the way people eat, drink and live. Founded by inventor and serial entrepreneur Clay Alexander, Ember creates, designs and develops temperature control products that offer people complete customization.
Named one of TIME magazines Best Inventions, the award-winning temperature control Ember Travel Mug and Ember Mug are the most advanced coffee mugs on the market, allowing individuals to set and maintain their preferred drinking temperature for hot beverages.
Embers temperature control smart mugs are available in over 10,000 retail doors in 27 countries worldwide, including top retailers such as Best Buy, Apple, Williams Sonoma, Bloomingdales and Target.
Up next, Ember is applying our innovative temperature control technology to new categories including healthcare and infant care.
To learn more visit ember.com and connect with us on Facebook.comember, Instagram.comember and Twitter.comember_tech.