Job Summary
The Director of Customer Experience will be responsible for leading and training a highly efficient and stand out Customer Experience department reporting into VP of Global Marketing. This leader will be responsible for developing the internal competency of the CX team, setting CX performance goals, procedures, Product Lifecycle ownership, and spearheading initiatives that improve efficiency and drive down costs. The Director of Customer Experience will act as a product expert and voice of the customer for product and process improvements that lead ultimately lead to repeat customers of Ember Products and promoters of the brand.
Job Description 

Department owner of CX for decision making, leading, and mentorship.
Develop, track, and report KPIs that drive high level customer support and support business needs to senior leadership.
Consult in CX related escalations to external legal partners and report to organize stakeholders.
Assist in creating a plan in partnership with sales leads to create internal competencies for sales support (order creation, tracking, dealer resource management)
Manage and create strategies and processes that reduce costs through product malfunction reporting and tracking that encourages product improvements.
Lead stakeholder for product improvement relating to future product improvement in partnership with the Product Management department.
Redefine and implement a clear warranty and product registration process.
Streamline support that seamlessly integrates with international expansion of the Ember brand.
Onboard and research customer service software and partnerships that positively impact the business as necessary.
Manage Customer Experience department budget and headcount.
Hire and manage customer service team to meet company needs.
Lead MidyearAnnual Reviews as well as consistent coaching of the CX team manager both in KPIs as well as career development.
Collaborate with and coach CX Training  Development lead to streamline support training, team engagement, quality assurance, and efficiency.
Facilitate an encouraging and empowering environment that encourages collaboration, career growth, and organic feedback.
Direct customer service experience, create engaged customers, and facilitate organic growth.
Monitor quality of responses and provide continuous coaching and feedback on how support reps and leads can better communicate and troubleshoot customer issues.
Implement new communications tools and technology to enable clear and efficient communication between different teams and the customer experience specialists.
Occasional travel for customer meetings or trade shows may be required.
Perform other job-related duties at required.

Requirements 

Excellent time management skills
Ability to make decisions quickly
Maintain superior customer service while troubleshooting
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to make customers feel comfortable as you work to find solutions
Strong problem-solving skills

The salary range for this role is 100,000.00 - 120,000.00 per year. Actual compensation packages within that range are based on a wide array of factors unique to each candidate, including but not limited to skill set, years and depth of experience, certifications, and specific location.
Why work at Ember?
Ember is a design-led temperature control brand and technology platform, whose mission is to revolutionize the way people eat, drink and live. Ember creates, designs and develops temperature control products that offer people complete customization.
Named one of TIME magazines Best Inventions, the award-winning temperature control Ember Travel Mug and Ember Mug are the most advanced coffee mugs on the market, allowing individuals to set and maintain their preferred drinking temperature for hot beverages.Embers temperature control smart mugs are available in over 10,000 retail doors in 27 countries worldwide, including top retailers such as Best Buy, Apple, Williams Sonoma, Bloomingdales and Target.
To learn more visit ember.com and connect with us on Facebook.comember, Instagram.comember and Twitter.comember_tech.