Job Summary
As the Regional Sales Manager, DACH you will be responsible for leading and growing our sales efforts in the applicable region for B2B and B2C. You will be a key member of our EMEA sales team, reporting directly to the MD  SVP of EMEA  India. Your primary focus will be on driving profitable revenue growth, expanding our market share, and building and maintaining strong customer relationships.
Job Description 

Develop and implement a comprehensive distribution strategy for the applicable region, aligning with the companys goals and objectives using Trade Terms and conditions based on a pay for performance structure.
Conduct in-depth market research to identify growth opportunities, competitive trends, and customer needs, and use this information to refine sales strategies.
Cultivate and maintain relationships with key customers, understanding their needs and ensuring a high level of customer satisfaction.
Consistently meet or exceed sales targets, tracking and reporting on sales performance regularly.
Identify and pursue new business opportunities, working with the team to establish and maintain a robust pipeline of prospects.
Accurately forecast sales and revenue, providing insights and recommendations to improve results.
Manage the sales budget for the applicable region, ensuring cost-effective and efficient operations.
Work closely with other departments, including marketing, product development, and customer support, to ensure a seamless customer experience.
Perform other job-related duties as required.

Requirements 

Bachelors degree in business, marketing, or a related field.
Proven track record of at least 5 years in sales management, with a background in technology industry preferred.
Strong leadership and team management skills.
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills.
Strategic thinking with a results-oriented mindset.
Familiarity with the local markets and business culture is a plus.
Proficiency in CRM software and other sales-related tools.
Fluent in the local languages and English.
Ability to travel within the applicable region and globally as needed.

Why work at Ember?
Ember is a design-led temperature control brand and technology platform, whose mission is to revolutionize the way people eat, drink and live. Ember creates, designs and develops temperature control products that offer people complete customization.
Named one of TIME magazines Best Inventions, the award-winning temperature control Ember Travel Mug and Ember Mug are the most advanced coffee mugs on the market, allowing individuals to set and maintain their preferred drinking temperature for hot beverages.Embers temperature control smart mugs are available in over 10,000 retail doors in 27 countries worldwide, including top retailers such as Best Buy, Apple, Williams Sonoma, Bloomingdales and Target.
To learn more visit ember.com and connect with us on Facebook.comember, Instagram.comember and Twitter.comember_tech.