Ad Operations Manager
Join Eulerity - GACS, a fast-growing tech firm providing technology solutions to global firms. Our proprietary software supports paid marketing on major digital channels (Google, Facebook, Instagram, Display, Video). If youre a results-oriented Ad Operations Manager looking to join a dynamic team and drive the success of digital advertising campaigns, we encourage you to apply.
Summary: 
We are seeking an experienced and results-driven Ad Operations Manager to join our team. The Ad Operations Manager will play a critical role in maintaining and managing all campaigns and ads that flow through our advertising and social posting platform. This role requires a deep understanding of ad tech platforms like Google Adwords and Meta, familiarity with Google Analytics,  excellent analytical skills, and the ability to work collaboratively in a fast-paced environment.
Key Responsibilities:

Conduct thorough quality assurance checks to ensure accuracy and consistency of ad creative, tracking tags, landing pages, and campaign settings.
Act as the main point of contact and subject matter on advertising operations related to Google Search and Meta Advertising, with the ability to resolve complex troubleshooting and platform issues.
Embrace a test-and-learn approach, scaling new ad ops strategies and implementing new process with ultimate goal for excellence in execution and efficiency
Manage a team responsible for proactively monitoring and maintaining a high volume of digital marketing campaigns and troubleshoot any issues to minimize disruptions.
Maintain a high standard of ad quality and compliance with advertising policies.
Manage ad rejection processes, including communicating reasons for rejection to relevant stakeholders and handle ad appeals in a timely fashion by assessing the validity of appeals and taking appropriate actions to address them.
Collaborate closely with Account Management to proactively minimize campaign disruption and troubleshoot and solve complex issues that arise. 
Work collaboratively with cross-functional teams, including Creative, Analytics, and Marketing teams, to deliver integrated digital advertising solutions.

Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in marketing, advertising, business, or a related field (Masters degree is a plus).
Proven experience in digital advertising and ad operations, with a minimum of 3-4 years in a similar role.
Extremely proficient in campaign tracking  measurement including setup, QA, pixels, and creative, across various digital media channels and platforms
Expertise in ad tech tools, such as Google Ads, Facebook Business Manager, DSPs, and ad servers.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to interpret data and provide actionable insights.
Excellent project management and organizational skills.
Effective communication and client-facing skills.
Detail-oriented and able to multitask in a fast-paced environment.
Certifications in digital advertising platforms (Google Ads, Facebook Blueprint, etc.) are a plus.

Employment Type:
Full-time