Eulerity is a rapidly growing technology company providing marketing automation technology to small businesses and franchises.
Our industry-recognized proprietary software solution supports paid marketing creation, execution, and analysis across all major digital channels, including Google Search, Social Media (Facebook  Instagram), Display, and Video. We seek a skilled, analytical, organized, and experienced Digital Media Campaign Manager to support our growing client base!
Competitive salary with full health benefits offered.
Responsibilities:

Campaign implementationoptimization across different media channels, including but not limited to Facebook, Instagram, Google AdWords, Google Display, Google Video, and LinkedIn.
Help optimize marketing campaigns to meet or exceed KPIs and targets for varying clients with varying goals.
Troubleshoot campaign performance issues, investigating where issues may be stemming from and how to rectify problems
Work cross-functionally with various teams, including Account Management and Engineering, for any campaign-related initiativesissues.
Adhere to weeklymonthly processes relating to campaign management.
Participate in tasks needed to test and implement new procedures.
Provide insight and suggestions for feature development to add value to current processes and tasks.

Requirements:

1-3 years of agency experience executing and developing strategies for paid digital marketing campaigns.
Proven track record of success in driving strong positive results through paid marketing programs
Must have experience in bid management, campaign managementoptimization, or digital media operations
Strong understanding of Google AdWords, Facebook Ads Manager, andor other marketing channels.
Effectively communicate digital strategies for tactical approaches for each campaign.
Experience with Google Analytics or other reporting platforms is a plus
An out-of-the-box thinker with a problem-solving  consultative approach
Strong project management skills
Strong desire to contribute to a team

Benefits:

Salary range (75k - 85k)
Comprehensive benefits - medical, dental, vision
Unlimited PTO
401(k) match
Hybrid model (1-2x in office per week)
