In the journey of life, your career should make a difference.
We believe everyone has a purpose at Evoke, and its everyones role to make health more human. When you join Evoke, you become part of a dynamic global healthcare platform. Organized by global practice areas and specialty agencies, we provide access to a uniquely comprehensive offering to solve the most complex of challenges in todays healthcare market.
 
Public Relations at Evoke
Here at Evoke, Public Relations is made up of in-house specialist service teams, imbedded with account team members including:
-       Earned MediaMedia Relations
-       Digital Strategy
-       Social  Influencer
-       MeasurementAnalytics
As a part of our Public Relations team, you will deliver several types of high-quality communications campaigns for our life science industry clients including product communications, disease awareness, FDA approval announcements, and more. You will bring an understanding of the pharmaceutical communications space and an ability to use that knowledge to best serve your clients such as top pharmaceutical companies, emerging biotechs, and non-profits. 
Please note: this is not an active role. If an opportunity within the Public Relations team at Evoke sounds like the right fit for you, please feel free to submit your resume. We will be in contact should the right opportunity arise.
 
About You
What youll bring:
       Experience in a pharmaceuticalhealthcare public relations space
       Strong combination of listening, speaking, and business writing skills
       Ability to work cooperatively across versatile teams
       Willingness and comfort to present to small or large groups, both internally and externally
       Drive to grow and further your career in the healthcare public relations field
 
About Us
What well do:
Our goal is to provide you with the best possible support in an environment where you will grow. Our culture is entrepreneurial  embracing the uniqueness of each person. We aim to build an environment that is nurturing and inclusive and to ensure that you will have equal opportunities from the beginning of the recruitment process to the end of each day, every day.

Evoke provides an exciting and flexible work environment, great compensation packages and outstanding company paid benefits including medical, dental, 401(k), tuition reimbursement and flexible time off.

We also provide the opportunity for you to Work Where You Work Best Because the work we do is extremely important, and to get your best, we want you to choose where your best happens. Not only on certain days, but every day.
At Evoke were all in this together—to do the best work possible, in the best possible work place. Are you ready to join us?Dont meet every job requirement? Thats okay! Our company is dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace. If youre excited about this role, but your experience doesnt perfectly fit every qualification, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right person for this role or others.