Senior Account Executive
About Evoke Kyne
Evoke Kyne is a place where every idea is welcomed, every voice is heard, and every person is valued. We are committed to encouraging and retaining teams of inspired and happy colleagues while enabling growth for all.
With five offices across the US and Europe and employees all over the globe, our goal is to ensure everyone has consistent and achievable growth plans with clear expectations across regions.
We are an award-winning communications agency that harnesses insight, experience and creativity to advance health and wellbeing around the world.
Our greatest strength is in creating programs that achieve real change, applying our skills, expertise and passion to break down barriers.
We develop and deliver tailored programs to meet each clients goals and objectives.
 
About the role
SENIOR ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE (SAE)
As an SAE, you are serving as a day-to-day contact for clients and internal team members on specific projects andor workstreams. You are effectively liaising with internal specialtyfunctional teams (e.g., digital, media, creative) as needed for client projectsdeliverables and understand how communicationsPR supports clients overarching objectives and strategies. As an SAE, you are honing your problem-solving skills and becoming a clear and consistent communicator both internally and externally. Its at this level that you begin to help manage team workflow and delegation of tasks to team members, proactively providing guidance and direction on projects as needed. Furthermore, you are taking full ownership of multiple, larger-scale projects, potentially spanning multiple client accounts, in addition to beginning to increase financial acumen when it comes to developing and managing client budgets.
Typically the SAE will report to the Senior Account Manager or Account Director.
 
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

Begins building client counsel and relationship management skills through regular  appropriate interaction during client update calls, team meetings, etc.
Serves as day-to-day support team member on multiple client accounts
Liaison with company partners and vendors on client projects with little oversight
Responsible for the execution of a variety of client program activities including research, materials development, relationship management (advocacy, earned and social media contacts), leading event logistics, etc.
Leads development of client document drafts including press releases, QAs, fact sheets, activity reports, social media calendars, etc. and proofs all documents for thoroughness and accuracy before providing to other team members or client for review
Contributes to tactical planning on assigned projects
Manages comprehensive projects andor events including logistics, timetables and deadlines
Provides creative input in developing client strategy documents
Supports monthly client billing, maintaining critical documents and files, beginning to take a more active role in budget development and management
Participates in new business brainstorms
Works closely and collaboratively with junior team members, serving as a role model and helping to mentor and provide direction on projects as needed
Effectively partners with specialty teams (creative, earned and social) to meet client needs, clearly communicating project objectives, direction and timing
Takes opportunities to lead in client interactions to further develop client communication skills

 
About you

Bachelors degree, ideally in communications, marketing, digital, business or healthscience-related field or equivalent experience
4 or more years communications experience
Experience working collaboratively as part of a team
Project management skills worked on multiple projects with conflicting timelines
Solid research skills

 
Benefits include:

Generous annual leave including the time between Christmas and New Year off
Contributory company pension scheme
Life insurance cover
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Flex Summer Fridays and free subscription to Calm app.
Work where you work best (hybrid working policy)
Private medical insurance
Discretionary bonus scheme
Season ticket loan
Cycle scheme

 
 
We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
 
Dont meet every job requirement? Thats okay! Our company is dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace. If youre excited about this role, but your experience doesnt perfectly fit every qualification, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right person for this role or others.Dont meet every job requirement? Thats okay! Our company is dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace. If youre excited about this role, but your experience doesnt perfectly fit every qualification, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right person for this role or others.