Description
We are looking for a dynamic and strategic leader to join our PRCommunications agency as the Senior Vice President of Strategy. As a member of our leadership team, you will be responsible leading strategy development development for new business pursuits and key clients across the Evoke Communications platform. You are a seasoned strategist with a deep understanding of the PR and communications landscape, a proven track record of driving successful campaigns, and a passion for innovation.
Are you a proven, innovative Strategist who would be excited to work at a global PRComms agency with clients across the healthcare continuum including pharmaceutical, biotech, medtech and public health? Do you believe in challenging convention and bringing fresh perspectives to the table? Do you enjoy working in a collaborative, entrepreneurial environment? Do you have a passion for inspiring and nurturing great ideas that are anchored in data and analytics? Do you love the thrill of pitching new business and the satisfaction of strengthening and growing business with current clients? If so, then this is the perfect opportunity for you. Reports to the President.
Responsibilities

Lead research efforts in pursuit of actionable insights around main brandopportunity challenges, audience beliefs, behaviors, and needs
Mine provocative insights that form the basis for creative strategies and activations; work with Analytics team to curate data and enable insight generation
Monitor and adapt strategies in response to market trends, competitive landscape, and latest opportunities
Develop inspiring creative briefs
Translate this knowledge into strategic and activation plans that address the right levers for an optimized mix of channels, tactics, content, and messages
Collaborate with the Creative, Account, Media, Digital and Social teams on communications strategies and activations
Supportfoster an environment that encourages innovative ideas from team members and builds buy-in across the team
Supportcreate strategic roadmaps that are prioritized based on business objectives and organizational feasibility
Assistdevelop and facilitate client-facing workshops and strategic planning exercises
Be a trusted strategic partner to important clients, understanding their challenges and opportunities to provide strategic counsel
Provide Strategy expertise in new business pitches
Partner with clients on market research activities to inform a communications strategy

Qualifications

7 years experience in strategyplanning development for a PRComms or full service marketing agency
Working knowledge of public relations and the integrated paidearnedown approach central to the discipline
Experience with core data and analytics tools including NetbaseQuid, Meltwater and Brandwatch along with the potential of data from native platforms (search and social) or licensed sources (DRG, Kantar, etc.)
Great interpersonal skills, highly collaborative and creative
Superb communications skills, both written and verbalpresentation
Great at storytelling

If you have a passion for driving impactful PR and communications strategies, we invite you to apply for the role of Senior Vice President of Strategy at our dynamic and innovative agency. Join us in shaping the future of communications and making a lasting impact on our clients success.The base salary range represents the low and high end of the salary range for this position. This range may differ based on your experience and skill set, geographic location, and cost of living considerations. We consider compensation more than just a base salary  thats why we also offer an exceptional range of flexible benefits, personal support and tailored learning and development opportunities all designed to help you realize your full potential both in life and at work.Compensation150,000—225,000 USDDont meet every job requirement? Thats okay! Our company is dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive, and authentic workplace. If youre excited about this role, but your experience doesnt perfectly fit every qualification, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right person for this role or others.