ABOUT EXODUSPOINT
ExodusPoint Capital, founded in 2017 by Michael Gelband and Hyung Lee, began managing investor capital in 2018. The firm employs a global multi-strategy investment approach, seeking to deliver compelling asymmetric returns by combining complementary liquid strategies managed by experienced investment professionals within a robust risk framework. ExodusPoint brings together an accomplished team with hands-on experience running multi-manager businesses to create an institutional investment management firm.
JOB DESCRIPTION
We are currently seeking a talented and ambitious individual to join our Execution Technology team in New York. As an entry-level member of our team, candidate will focus on the scheduling, development and deployment orchestration of core Java trading processes.
In this role, candidate will collaborate with a team of highly experienced engineers to ensure the smooth operation of our global and cross-asset trading platform. Main responsibilities will include designing and improving a fully automated deployment pipeline for our core Java trading processes, ensuring seamless and reliable execution. Additionally, candidate will have the opportunity to contribute to the business capacity and scalability improvements.
Our Execution Technology team is responsible for electronically trading a wide range of asset classes, globally and 24x6:

FIX internal routing as well as broker and algo parameters selection
Risk, compliance and regulatory checks
Real-time processing of millions of execution events a day

This position is ideal for a recent graduate who is eager to learn and grow in the field of Trading Technology. We value dedication to quality code, as well as a strong foundation in Core Java, SDLC tools (including Maven and GitLab) and a willingness to tackle complex challenges in a fast-paced and ever-evolving industry.
Qualifications:

Currently working towards a Masters Degree in Computer Science or related field
Proficiency with best practices in Java
Experience in real-time messaging and SQL
Interest in the Financial Industry
Ability to work in a fast-paced and highly demanding environment

 