ABOUT EXODUSPOINT
ExodusPoint Capital, founded in 2017 by Michael Gelband and Hyung Lee, began managing investor capital in 2018. The firm employs a global multi-strategy investment approach, seeking to deliver compelling asymmetric returns by combining complementary liquid strategies managed by experienced investment professionals within a robust risk framework. ExodusPoint brings together an accomplished team with hands-on experience running multi-manager businesses to create an institutional investment management firm.
JOB DESCRIPTION
We are currently seeking a talented and ambitious individual to join our Trading UI team in London. As an entry-level member of our team, candidate will have the opportunity to work in a dynamic and innovative environment, using the latest technologies to develop cutting-edge and real-time trading web interfaces.
In this role, candidate will collaborate with a team of highly experienced engineers to design and implement feature-rich user interfaces for our global and cross-asset trading platform, on both mobile and desktop. Candidate will work closely with traders and other stakeholders to understand their requirements and translate them into intuitive and efficient UI designs.
Our Trading UI team is responsible for the ingestion of user trading inputs and also the display of large amount of real-time execution data feeds:

Order ticket to specify order and execution style parameters
Enrichment of trading data and render execution events in real-time
Highly-available environment, across the globe, 24x6

This position is ideal for a recent graduate who is eager to learn and grow in the field of Trading Technology. We value dedication to quality code (including TDD and documentation), as well as a strong foundation in ReactTypescript and a willingness to tackle complex challenges in a fast-paced and ever-evolving industry.
Qualifications:

Currently working towards a Masters Degree in Computer Science or related field
Proficiency with best practices in HTML, CSS and Javascript
Experience in modern front-end frameworks (React, Angular, etc.)
Experience in designing modern, intuitive user interfaces
Interest in the Financial Industry
Ability to work in a fast-paced and highly demanding environment
