About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
Your goal as an Account Executive will be to reach out to potential clients and show them how FareHarbor can support them to grow their business in so many different ways! After completing the FareHarbor training on our sales approach and company culture, youll be responsible for contacting prospects, cultivating relationships, and closing deals. You need to be based in the Netherlands by time of employment.
What youll do here:

Focus 100 on net new client acquisition by contacting potential clients to present our amazing product  services
Qualify, develop  close new business opportunities from incoming inquiries and assigned lead pool (including RFPs and formal proposals)
Achieve the quarterlybi-annual sales targets in line with the regional new business booking fee targets
Through effective discovery, uncover clients needs and recommend appropriate solutions including the design of their front-end UX set-up  back-end management process 
Run exceptional demos for our potential clients with a masterful explanation of FareHarbors products  features
Provide general pipeline updates  developments to sales management including winsloss expectations
Organise in-person meetings with decision makers from larger prospect organisations to create new sales opportunities for FareHarbor
Attend external exhibitions, tradeshows, conferences and meet-ups pitching FareHarbor to prospective clients and performing on-the-spot demonstrations
Acting as the primary client point of contact for all matters related to new clients onboarding to FareHarbor, working closely with Onboarding, Account Management, Legal, Finance andor Operations (as needed) 
Ensuring diligent and accurate use of the CRM system and any other reporting as requested by management
Providing continuous feedback to the Sales Manger on the performance of the company as perceived by the prospects with a view to improve the FH software, support etc 
Accurately forecast value of potential and newly signed clients

Requirements:

Proven experience in sales with preferably 2 years working in a prospecting role within a SaaS or similar business 
A demonstrated track record of success in selling to smallmedium and large organisations and expanding client base successfully
The ability to engage and influence at different levels, both internally and within potential client organisations including executive levels and build strong stakeholder relationships
Exceptional time management skills with the ability to prioritise and work at a consistently high standard within tight deadlines 
Able to work independently and part of a team 
Preferred experience with conceptual selling and or relevant sales methodologies such as SPIN, Strategic Selling, Miller Heiman etc. 
Sound problem solving skills with a creative approach to complex client problems 
Experience with CRM software

About you: 

Motivated, inspiring and trusted by those who work with you 
Thrive in a fast paced environment and able to flexibly adapt to changing priorities
Grounded and focused on results 
A self-starter with a can-do attitude 
A strong communicator with a confident and professional presentation

Requirements:

Legally authorized to work in the European Union
Very strong written and verbal English skills

Benefits 

Uncapped commission potential 
Comprehensive onboarding program with ongoing sales training
Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 


Pension Plan
Central Amsterdam Location
Discount CZ insurance
Working in a multicultural environment - 45 different nationalities 
Commuting allowance for public transport  subsidized lunch
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars) 
Hybrid friendly
Work-from-home assistance
Educational Opportunities
Social hours  events and team-building 
26 vacation days per year
Some travel to visit clients in person andor attend trade events as needed

All benefits are subject to change.
FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.