About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
The FareHarbor Technical Support Team is looking for adventure-loving, hard-working, outgoing people who are comfortable with technology in our Amsterdam office. Our Technical Support team is committed to wowing clients on a daily basis. The accuracy, efficiency, analytical thinking, and personal attention the team gives to every client sets us far apart from other technical support teams in the industry. Our Support Team satisfies customers by providing personalized, technical solutions around the clock and is committed to providing our clients with the best possible FareHarbor experience.
What youll do here:

Become an expert FareHarbor user and stay on top of all new feature releases.
Handle inboundoutbound support issues via emails and phone calls.
Provide exceptional support by listening, understanding the issue, and problem-solving complex issues with customers.
Communicate across teams to ensure client needs are met.
Provide valuable feedback to the development team.
Contribute to the FareHarbor help documentation.
Help develop, improve, and implement standard operating procedures.

Requirements:

Genuinely committed to delivering best in class customer technical support.
Able to work closely and effectively with others.
Comfortable working in a fast paced, goal oriented environment.
Tech-savvy, patient, curious, detail oriented and eager to problem solve.
An excellent verbal and written communicator in Dutch and English.
Shift flexibility and available to work during weekends and holidays.
Bilingual: English and Dutch
Legally authorized to work in the European Union

Bonus points if you have: 

Experience using Zendesk.
Experience working in customertechnical support.
Experience working in the travel industry.

Benefits:

Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 


Pension Plan
Central Amsterdam Location
Discount CZ insurance
Working in a multicultural environment - 45 different nationalities 
Commuting allowance for public transport  subsidized lunch
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars) 
Hybrid friendly
Work-from-home assistance
Educational Opportunities
Social hours  events and team-building 
26 vacation days per year

FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.