About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
Sales Operations Associate is responsible for keeping the engine running of the sales team, identifying areas for improvement through data analysis, and expanding our reach in the market. This encompasses allocating leads to Account Executives, coordinating with other departments, and conducting performance analyses for the office  Sales Management. This is a position that requires problem-solving on-the-fly and high attention to detail. 
The Sales Operations Associate position brings a unique mix of sales support, process monitoring, lead assignment, and data-driven decision-making. If youre looking to gain first-hand experience in a fast-growing Sales environment, this job is for you. Were looking for jack of all trade types with can-do attitudes that welcome new projects in a fast-paced day-to-day. Its a plus if you have experience working in Sales, as an Account Manager, or have worked extensively in a CRM.
What youll do here:

Lead allocation and circulation, including assigning new demo requests and newly-loaded leads. 
Work closely with Sales Management to communicate best practices about the sales process to salespeople in the office. 
Conduct regular reviews of sales commissions to ensure accuracy in payroll.
Analyze performance on several levels, ranging from macro-analysis (office growth) to micro analysis (individual representative performance). 
Assist Sales Management team with interviewing, hiring and employee onboarding.
Ensure sales processes are followed. If processes are not being followed and there are persistent themes or repeat offenders, communicate to individuals and Sales Managers. 
Coordinate with the Business Development Team regarding upcoming travel and conferences of the sales team to ensure we are prepared and organized for prior outreach.  
Assist with ad-hoc administrative projects associated with general operations and client onboarding
Communicate with salespeople on a daily basis regarding prospective clients targeted in the CRM.
Work closely with Sales Managers to communicate information about the sales process and salespeople in the office. This can range from a new strategy, to specific accounts of interest.

Requirements:

Proficient with Excel
High attention to detail
Impatient  comfortable working in a fast-paced environment
Ability to multitask and prioritize ongoing work
Proven success with managing projects independently and innovating within a prior role

Bonus Points: 

You have high energy
You have prior sales ops experience

Benefits 

Medical, dental  vision coverage
23 days of PTO  12 paid holidays
Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 


401k  employer matching
Social hours  events and team-building 
Educational Opportunities
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars)   
Work-from-home assistance
Hybrid friendly
Paid volunteer hours

Please note you must be authorized to work in the United States for this position.
FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.