About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
As the Sales Manager for the European region, you will play a pivotal role in driving the success of FareHarbor by leading and inspiring a team of 6-8 Account Executives. Your primary focus will be on developing strategic sales initiatives, fostering strong client relationships, and achieving revenue targets. You will collaborate closely with cross-functional teams to ensure the seamless delivery of our online ticketing solutions to tour and activity operators across Europe. 
We are looking for someone who is competitive, persuasive, and proactive in their approach with both their team and clients.  This person is the key motivator for their team and should have an obsession with helping our Account Executives to target the best accounts. This individual should be highly curious and constantly seek out new opportunities to enhance their teams success.
What youll do here:

Lead, mentor, and manage a team of 6-8 Account Executives to exceed sales targets and drive revenue growth.
Develop and execute a comprehensive sales strategy to penetrate the European market, identifying key opportunities for expansion.
Foster and maintain relationships with key clients, industry partners, and stakeholders to enhance brand awareness and drive business development.
Collaborate closely with commercial leadership, marketing, product, and customer support teams to align strategies, optimize sales processes, and enhance customer experiences.
Generate and maintain accurate sales forecasts and reports, regularly updating senior management on team performance, market trends, and opportunities.
Utilize sales analytics and reporting tools to monitor individual and team performance, identifying trends and areas for improvement.
Analyze market data, customer feedback, and competitive intelligence to refine sales strategies and adapt to changing market dynamics.
Collaborate with the management and enablement team to develop KPIs, dashboards, and reports that guide your teams efforts and demonstrate progress towards objectives.
Incorporate quantitative and qualitative data into decision-making processes to optimize resource allocation and strategic planning.

In addition to driving sales success, as a Sales Manager at FareHarbor, you will play a critical role in shaping the future of our sales team. Your leadership will extend beyond achieving revenue targets and customer relationships. You will actively contribute to the development and growth of your team members by:

Recruiting:

Identifying and attracting top-tier sales talent that aligns with FareHarbors values and vision.
Collaborating with HR and senior management to define job descriptions, interview processes, and candidate evaluation criteria.
Participating in interviews and selection decisions to build a diverse and high-performing sales team.

Training  Onboarding

Supporting onboarding programs to ensure new Account Executives rapidly assimilate into their roles and understand FareHarbors value proposition.
Collaborating with internal subject matter experts to deliver training sessions on product knowledge, sales techniques, objection handling, and customer engagement strategies.
Monitoring the progress of new hires, providing guidance and support, and adjusting training as needed to accelerate their success.

Coaching and mentoring:

Providing ongoing coaching and mentorship to your team, fostering skill development, career growth, and job satisfaction.
Conducting regular one-on-one coaching sessions to address individual challenges, refine selling techniques, and set performance improvement goals.
Creating a positive and empowering environment where team members feel motivated to excel and contribute their best.


Requirements:

Bachelors degree in Business, Marketing or a related field; MBA is a plus 
Proven track record of at least 5 years in B2B sales, with a minimum of 2 years in a sales management or leadership role 
Experience in the software-as-a-solution (SaaS) industry, particularly in the travel, leisure or hospitality sectors is highly advantageous 
Strong understanding of the European market landscape, cultural nuances, and business practices
Strategic thinker with the ability to develop and execute sales plans aligned with business objectives 
Analytical mindset with the demonstrated capability to analyse data, draw insights and make informed decisions 
Results driven mentality with a proven ability to exceed sales targets and drive revenue growth 
Proficiency in using CRM tools, sales analytics platforms and google drive
Fluent in English; additional EU languages are a plus

Benefits 

Uncapped commission potential
Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 


Pension Plan
Central Amsterdam Location
Discount CZ insurance
Working in a multicultural environment - 45 different nationalities 
Commuting allowance for public transport  subsidized lunch
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars) 
Hybrid friendly
Work-from-home assistance
Educational Opportunities
Social hours  events and team-building 
26 vacation days per year

All benefits subject to change at any time. 
FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.