About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
FareHarbor is seeking a Global Finance Director to lead andor coordinate financial activities within FareHarbor in partnership with teams at Booking.com. This role is based in Amsterdam and reports into the VP of Strategy of Insights. You will lead a team of Finance Business Partners and a Manager of Accounting  Finance at FareHarbor while managing our collaboration with Booking.com teams across FPA, Accounting, Tax, Treasury, and Procurement. The successful candidate will have deep knowledge of financial principles, exceptional communication skills, and a track record of building high performance teams.
What youll do here: 

Drive Financial Planning  Analysis (FPA) activities within FareHarbor, including budgeting, forecasting, and PL reviews to support delivery of our financial targets.
Collaborate closely with GMs and Business Intelligence to define, track, and assess key financial SaaS metrics (e.g., CAC, ARR, churn) related to our growth and efficiency in order to drive strategic decisions.
Oversee the preparation of accurate and timely financial statements and reports in accordance with applicable accounting standards and to the standards of Booking.com and auditors.
Develop and implement financial policies and internal controls to ensure compliance and manage financial risks.
Lead a team of FPA and Accounting professionals, providing guidance, mentorship, and performance feedback.
Manage shared service relationships across Booking.com and ensure FareHarbor teams are delivering as required.
Serve as the key FareHarbor stakeholder for Finance transformation projects (e.g., SAP migration).
Collaborate with Business Intelligence and Data Engineering to develop and enhance financial data pipelines and reporting.
Drive continuous process improvements to improve efficiency and accuracy within the function.
Support preparation of Business Reviews and other management presentations for FareHarbor and Booking.com leadership.

Requirements:

Bachelors degree in finance, accounting, or a related field (Masters degree or CPA qualification is highly desirable).
Experience (8 years) in similar roles (with 3 years in supervisory capacity) at other growing B2Bsoftware companies.
In-depth knowledge of financial principles, accounting practices, and regulatory requirements.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to translate financial data into insights.
Track record of building and developing high-performing teams.
Strong communication and relationship building skills, with the ability to collaborate with stakeholders at all levels.
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Google Workspace; experience with ERP systems (SAP) is a plus.
Demonstrated strategic thinking, business acumen, and the ability to drive change and continuous improvement.

Benefits

Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 


Pension Plan
Central Amsterdam Location
Discount CZ insurance
Working in a multicultural environment - 45 different nationalities 
Commuting allowance for public transport  subsidized lunch
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars) 
Hybrid friendly
Work-from-home assistance
Educational Opportunities

Individual skill development  growth programming


Social hours  events and team-building 
26 vacation days per year

FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.
 