About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
The FareHarbor Onboarding Team is seeking a Client Dashboard Specialist in the Sydney office. The Onboarding Team dedicates their energy to both new and live clients, providing individualized attention in their transition to, and continued support with, FareHarbor.
Methodical in nature and intentional with every action, Client Dashboard Specialists are experts in setting up, troubleshooting, and maintaining our clients FareHarbor dashboards. If youre a creative problem-solver, detail-oriented, and self-motivated, we need you to set our clients up for success with FareHarbor.
What youll do here:

Strategize  communicate with Sales team to interpret the business needs of different companies, and customize their FareHarbor dashboard to best fit those needs
Work closely with Client Onboard Specialists to implement changes based on client feedback given during the training process
Collaborate with Customer Support  Account Management teams to make updates to existing client dashboards 
Efficiently multi-task several projects simultaneously by prioritizing tasks  projects of differing durations through changing circumstances
Become an expert FareHarbor user  stay on top of all new product updates by attending continued education presentations, and reviewing feature roll out information
Provide feedback on best practices  product features in a continuously growing  improving environment
Assist the team and company-at-large with seasonal  ongoing projects

Requirements:

Professional Working English proficiency
Strong written and verbal communication skills
UX-focused thinking 
Excellent problem solving skills with the ability to be flexible  creative in finding solutions
Strong attention to detail
Deadline driven
Proven experience learning and mastering new technologies

Bonus Points: 

Experience working with multiple software programs simultaneously
Experience with Google Suite - particularly GoogleSheets
Experience with Apple OS  Macintosh computers 
Experience in customer-facing support
Experience mentoring or training new hires

Benefits:

Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 

Opportunity to share your ideas and make a difference in a growing company.
Fast-paced, high-energy and engaging work environment.
25 days of annual leave
Work-from-home assistance
Educational Opportunities 
Social hours  events and team-building 
Hybrid friendly
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars)  

This is a full-time role and only open to candidates who have Australian PR or are Australian citizens.
FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.