About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
As the Sales Trainer, you will work with talented and motivated sales people in the US. In this role, you play a critical part in their success by managing the Sales Team onboarding curriculum, content, and delivery for every new hire as well as continued training opportunities.
With our continued growth and constant evolution you will work on a multitude of new hire onboarding, training updates, and cross team initiatives. This role allows you to leverage your knowledge of FareHarbor, ability to distribute knowledge, and deep sales experiences to impact learning development of this growing team.
What youll do here:

Schedule new hire groups onboarding including creation of training schedule and coordination of session presenters.
Complete ownership of the sales employee onboarding program in the US.
Deliver instructor led classroom training and onboarding curriculum; includes delivery to sales people.
Conduct quarterly new hire onboarding survey analysis.
Create role specific training materials ranging from new hires to tenured sales staff. Collaborate with managers to develop and implement curriculums for specific audiences, and define and track measures of success. Rollout new information and find ways to help sales people successfully adopt new ways of working.
Ensure all sales support training materials are current and recurring updates are managed for consistency and accuracy of training delivery. Continuously catalog and promote user-created documentation and resources.
Maintain all training tools specific to sales updated: Training Content Drive, Lessonly and Sales Help Pages.
Develop and maintain a feedback loop with the sales training team and new hires and review any adjustments quarterly. 
Generate sales training materials for new product releases and coordinate with regional sales leaders and product champions to ensure all account executives are prepared to use this feature. 
Empower new sales team members to be self-sufficient after 6 months: knowing where to look for answers and gain dashboard knowledge. 
Enable the sales team to demonstrate new features, by showing live client examples or updating demo dashboards. This may also include a search in Close, Slack or may require coordination with the Business Intelligence team to generate a report.

Requirements:

2 years of sales training experience, or 3 years of sales experience and prior training experience
Exceptional communication skills including clear and concise writing, an engaging presentation style, and group facilitation skills.
Strong communication and writing skills; working with all levels (management, staff).
Strong leadership and teamwork skills, with a demonstrated ability to collaborate across teams and roles.
Technical aptitude and ability to learn new softwares  programs.
Experience working within a CRM.
Backgroundexperience in training, teaching, or education a plus.

Bonus points if you have:

Familiar with Tourism Industry, specifically tours and activities.
Experience with SaaS.

Benefits 

Medical, dental  vision coverage
23 days of PTO  12 paid holidays
Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 


401k  employer matching
Social hours  events and team-building 
Educational Opportunities
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars)   
Work-from-home assistance
Hybrid friendly
Paid volunteer hours

Please note you must be authorized to work in the United States for this position.
FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.