About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
The People Team is looking for a Global Learning, Development  Culture Manager to lead our learning  development and culture programs across FareHarbor. You will play a crucial role in the development, engagement, and retention of our employees - overseeing everything from onboarding our employees to FareHarbors culture, engaging them in the culture throughout their lifecycle, and ensuring our learning  development programs align with our company culture and business needs. The Manager will oversee a team of five employees (based in Denver, USA and Amsterdam, Netherlands), liaise with our parent company Booking.com and other vendors regarding learning  development and culture programs and resources, and may at times be asked to build or lead programs or training. The ideal candidate is a strong leader with prior management experience and a highly collaborative, business-partnership mindset to ensure our culture and values are successfully brought to life at FareHarbor through our engagement programs and learning  development initiatives. 
What youll do here:

Together with the VP People, create a learning  development plan and cultural engagement programming for FareHarbor, appropriate for a variety of roles, levels, and departments. 
Manage the creation and execution of culture programs globally, such as FareHarbor Cares volunteering program, Diversity Inclusion Belonging (DIB) groups, employee recognition, Wellbeing, and more.
Oversee the design, creation, refinement and development of formal and informal learning solutions to meet organizational needs; analyze and select the most appropriate strategy, methodologies and technologies to maximize the learning experience and impact, including face-to-face, online or web-based delivery.
Monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of learning  development and culture programs through feedback, metrics, and participant assessments, and make necessary adjustments to enhance their impact.
Monitor and manage the budget allocated for learning  culture initiatives, ensuring cost-effective utilization of resources, such as team engagement budgets, LMS utilization, and vendor management.
Collaborate across the People team and with business leaders to ensure all learning  development and culture programming are aligned to business needs.
Identify leadership development needs through assessments, surveys, and feedback mechanisms, and create tailored development plans for individuals, teams, and cohorts of leadership (emerging leaders, new managers, managers-of-managers, etc.).
As appropriate, collaborate with Booking.com, external vendors, consultants, and subject matter experts to leverage their expertise in creating learning and culture initiatives.
Stay up-to-date with industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies in employee engagementretention, adult learning theory and development tactics to continuously improve program offerings.
Stay abreast of emerging needs and solutions for complex learning challenges in organizations with distinctly different roles and education levels in various global geographies and cultural contexts.
Manage, lead, and develop the learning  culture team:

Follow the complete performance management cycle including goal setting, regular 1:1 check ins, mid year review, and end of year review for each employee.
Regularly provide feedback on strengths and development points.
Determine hiring needs for the team, in collaboration with the VP People.



Requirements:

Global mindset and understanding of relevant topics or training methods across regions and cultures
Business partnership mindset and approach
Able to balance high-level strategic planning with execution 
Able to manage competing priorities and multiple projects
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Experience with training facilitation
Knowledge of adult learning theory principles and application
Passionate about creating a learning environment and setting up employees and managers for success

Experience: 

4-6 years of experience in human resources, training, andor education
At least 2 years of people management experience
Experience in a growing technology  product organization preferred

Benefits 

Medical, dental  vision coverage
23 days of PTO  12 paid holidays
Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 


401k  employer matching
Social hours  events and team-building 
Educational Opportunities
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars)   
Work-from-home assistance
Hybrid friendly
Paid volunteer hours

Salary Range: 79,907-99,884, plus 10 bonus potential 
Please note you must be authorized to work in the United States for this position.
FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.