
About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
 
With over 19,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
 
Our team is an Ohana of 650 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.

 
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading  largest reservation software for tours, activities,  attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 18,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to work—to believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
FareHarbor, a Booking.com Company, is looking for a full time Senior Software Engineer to join one of our Platform Engineering teams in Amsterdam, with a focus on solving Product Teams shared challenges, delivering reusable toolscomponents, and improving the developer experience. Were a quickly growing company with a robust product that tens of thousands of people use to run their businesses every day and our external APIs are a key way in which we work with partners like Viator, TripAdvisor, VELTRA, and more, to help our clients expand their businesses.
What youll do here:

Contribute to a safe and productive working environment.
Design and implement complex new functionality with a strong focus on reliability, performance, and scalability.
Write code that is clean, secure, well tested and documented.
Influence technology choices and architecture of newly built components and services.
Collaborate with the Frontend Teams to engage in common opportunities.
Produce reusable code components and libraries leveraged in production code.
Function as an ambassador for engineering culture values and advocate the good practices throughout the whole organization.
Coach and challenge engineers in adopting proper quality standards, both in coding and way of working (e.g. peer reviews, etc)
Thinking outside the box; youre willing to consider different solutions and methods for reaching your desired outcome.

Requirements:

Technical skills

Have 6 years experience working with large-scale production codebases and mission-critical systems.
Be proficient in Python.
Have experience working with Django, FastAPI, or Flask.
Have experience designing and implementing RESTful APIs and supporting them with documentation.
Have extensive architectural and design pattern knowledge.
Have experience gathering requirements, working with technical specifications, testing, and debugging.
Have experience tackling performance and scalability challenges.
Be eager to learn whatever necessary to tackle problems head-on.



 

Behavioral skills 

Problem solving, analytical and troubleshooting skills
Experience in mentoring coaching other team members 
Adaptable, proactive, and willing to take ownership and responsibility.
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Be comfortable with a fast-paced startup environment.
Experience of working in a cross-functional Agile Team.



Benefits 

Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy


Pension Plan
Central Amsterdam Location
Discount CZ insurance
Working in a multicultural environment - 45 different nationalities 
Commuting allowance for public transport  subsidized lunch
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars) 
Hybrid friendly
Work-from-home assistance
Educational Opportunities

Individual skill development  growth programming


Social hours  events and team-building 
26 vacation days per year 

FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.