
About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
 
With over 18,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
 
Our team is an Ohana of 650 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.

 
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

 
Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading  largest reservation software for tours, activities,  attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 18,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to work—to believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
 
Role Description:
FareHarbor is looking for a full time Lead Application Security Engineer to join our Security Engineering team in Amsterdam. Were a quickly growing company with a robust product that tens of thousands of people rely on to run their businesses every day. With our rapid growth, we face interesting engineering challenges that are critical to keeping the tours and activities industry running.
What you will do: 

Work closely with product, platform, and security teams to ensure security is an integral part of our SDLC 
Implement security-related features in our applications
Own our bug bounty program
Lead and support two security engineers in the team
Participate in design reviews and threat modeling sessions
Audit all aspects of our applications and infrastructure to identify potential weaknesses
Develop tools, processes, documentation, and training to help foster a security-first mindset throughout the company

Required Skills and Experience:
Technical skills:

Senior engineer with experience leading a team
Proficiency in Python (experience with PHP, Javascript, Kotlin, or Swift is a plus)
Technical knowledge of web application security and network security
Experience performing penetration testing and identifying security issues through code reviews

Soft skills:

Strong communication and leadership skillsable to work effectively in a team environment and empower team members
Experience in providing mentorship and growing engineers
Proactive attitude, always on the look-out for improving your and our way of working
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to analyze complex systems and make decisions based on data and best practices
Strong relationship building skills across diverse cross-functional teams
Motivated, hard-working, and able to lead by example

 
Benefits:

Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy


Pension Plan
Central Amsterdam Location
Discount CZ insurance
Working in a multicultural environment - 45 different nationalities 
Commuting allowance for public transport  subsidized lunch
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars) 
Hybrid friendly
Work-from-home assistance
Educational Opportunities

Individual skill development  growth programming


Social hours  events and team-building 
26 vacation days per year

FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.