About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
FareHarbor is seeking a Director of Business Intelligence to join our Strategy  Insights function. As the Director of Business Intelligence, you will be responsible for overseeing the design, development, and implementation of our business intelligence strategy and initiatives. Your primary focus will be to enable actionable insights to drive data-driven decision-making across the organization (commercial, product, and operational). This role is based in Amsterdam and reports into the VP of Strategy  Insights. You will manage a client-facing team of Reporting Analysts and a business-facing team of Business and Product Analysts. Youll collaborate closely with Data Engineering to ensure our data warehousing strategy keeps pace with analytical needs. Last, but not least, youll play a critical role in contributing to the development of our predictive analytics and data science capabilities.
If you are passionate about leveraging data to drive client value and thrive in a growth-oriented environment, we would love to hear from you!
What youll do here:

Develop and execute the companys business intelligence strategy, aligning it with the company visionobjectives and our internalexternal stakeholder needs.
Lead an existing team of two managers (with their teams of analysts) across Client Reporting and Analytics, providing guidance, mentorship, and performance feedback.
Drive use of advanced data analytics and visualization techniques to extract meaningful insights from large datasets, enabling informed decision-making and identifying opportunities for improvement.
Collaborate with cross-functional leaders (commercial, product, operational) to understand data needs and translate into team roadmaps in alignment with the Client Reporting and Analytics Managers.
Collaborate closely with leaders of product, engineering, and design to define and size product opportunities, measure performance, and measure user engagement.
Collaborate with data engineering to influence the design, development, and maintenance of our data warehouses, ensuring data quality, accuracy, and accessibility.
Foster a data-driven culture within the company by promoting data literacy, providing training, and encouraging the use of data-driven insights in decision-making processes.
Represent trends and advancements in business intelligence and data analytics, and evaluate their potential impact on the organization, making recommendations as needed to drive innovation.

Requirements:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science, Business Administration, or a related field. Masters preferred.
Proven experience (8 years) in Business Intelligence, Product Analytics, or related roles, preferably within a B2B SaaS context.
Strong expertise in business intelligence tools and technologies such as SQL, Python, data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Power BI), and ETL processes.
Expertise in product analytics, including experience with product performance measurement, user behavior analysis, AB testing, and customer segmentation.
Proficiency in data modeling, data warehousing, and data governance principles.
Strong business acumen and the ability to understand and analyze complex business processes and requirements.
Exceptional communication and presentation skills, with the ability to effectively convey complex data insights to non-technical stakeholders.
Track record of building and managing Data AnalyticsScience teams through managers of managers.

Benefits 

Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 


Pension Plan
Central Amsterdam Location
Discount CZ insurance
Working in a multicultural environment - 45 different nationalities 
Commuting allowance for public transport  subsidized lunch
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars) 
Hybrid friendly
Work-from-home assistance
Educational Opportunities
Social hours  events and team-building 
26 vacation days per year

FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.

To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.
