About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role: 
The Account Management team is a group of hardcore problem solvers and optimizers that love to crush.  Our clients love us, and we love them.  The Account Managers are a major part of that.  We are like the doctors of FareHarbor  doing routine checkups on our clients, and suggesting improvements to their FareHarbor setup, ensuring they are healthy and successful.
This position is responsible for managing over 100 accounts. Your entire directive is to optimise the FareHarbor client experience. This role will be a combination of proactively suggesting changes to promote client success, as well as addressing inbound requests to improve the online booking experience for FareHarbor customers.  We are looking for a supreme problem solver; and creative individual who is willing to do whatever it takes for each FareHarbor account.
What youll do here:

Build and nurture existing relationships with over 100 FareHarbor accounts throughout the industry
Proactively advise and suggest improvements to ensure client satisfaction
Become an expert on FareHarbor to handle unique problems that face clients with their online bookings and reservation management
Understand the differences between FareHarbor and other online booking platforms to effectively communicate with clients
Become well versed in online booking trends in the tour and activity industry to share relevant information with clients
Be a team player and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment while maintaining calm composure working under high-pressure situations

Requirements:

Undergraduate degree
Some experience in B2B or B2C sales
Ability to work collaboratively and independently
Proven ability to keep organized and prioritize workload
Excellent time management skills
Well-spoken and well written
Comfortable suggesting change
Confident working in a fast-paced environment
Easily able to adapt to change

Bonus points:

Experience using Google Analytics e-commerce tracking
Language skills, bilingual is a plus

Benefits:

Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 


Opportunity to share your ideas and make a difference in a growing company.
Fast-paced, high-energy and engaging work environment.
25 days of annual leave
Work-from-home assistance
Educational Opportunities 
Social hours  events and team-building 
Hybrid friendly
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars)  

FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.