About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
FareHarbor, a Booking holding company, is looking for an experienced full time Senior Engineer to join our product team in the Netherlands. Were a quickly growing company with a robust product that tens of thousands of people rely on to run their businesses every day. Youll be joining a team that is working on a new greenfield project, where youll have the opportunity to have a significant impact on the direction and code architecture of the project. We value collaboration and encourage our engineers to share their ideas and insights to help shape our product. If youre passionate about building innovative products and want to work in a dynamic and fast-paced environment, wed love to hear from you. 
 
What youll do here:

Design and implement APIs that power our front-end applications.
Design and implement complex new functionality with a strong focus on reliability, performance, and scalability.
Write clean, efficient, maintainable and documented code that follows industry best practices.
Write automated tests to ensure that our applications are reliable and scalable.
Influence technology choices and architecture of newly built components and services.
Function as an ambassador for engineering culture values and advocate the good practices throughout the whole organization.
Coach and challenge engineers in adopting proper quality standards, both in coding and way of working (e.g. peer reviews, etc)
Think outside the box; youre willing to consider different solutions and methods for reaching your desired outcome.

Requirements:

Have 5 years experience working with large(r)-scale production codebases and mission-critical systems.
Be proficient in Python
Have experience designing and implementing HTTP APIs and supporting them with documentation.
Have experience gathering requirements, working with technical specifications, testing, and debugging.
Have experience tackling performance and scalability challenges.
Have a good understanding of software design patterns and principles, including SOLID
Have strong collaboration and communication skills
Ability to work independently and prioritize tasks effectively
Be passionate about getting things right.
Be comfortable with a fast-paced startup environment.

Extra (preferred but not required):

Experience working with greenfield projects andor in startups
Experience with at least one modern Python framework (FastAPI, Starlette, Litestar(Starlite), Pydantic)
Experience with SQLAlchemy
Experience designing code components with typed Python (our codebase is mypy strict)
Experience with domain-driven design (DDD)
Experience with Vue.js

When applying:
If possible include references to a project youve written — a Python project, a Node module, a video game with nifty in-game currency, anything that characterizes the kind of work you like to do.
 
Benefits 

Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 


Pension Plan
Central Amsterdam Location
Discount CZ insurance
Working in a multicultural environment - 45 different nationalities 
Commuting allowance for public transport  subsidized lunch
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars) 
Hybrid friendly
Work-from-home assistance
Educational Opportunities
Social hours  events and team-building 
26 vacation days per year

 
FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.