About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
The VP of People  will drive growth and facilitate change for FareHarbor through focus on its people and leadership, and provide strategic leadership by proactively articulating people needs and plans to the leadership team of FareHarbor and Booking.com. The VP of People will lead a global HR team, currently comprised of HR Business Partnering, Learning  Development, Recruitment, and HR Effectiveness, with employees based in the US, Netherlands, and Australia.
This position will be counted upon by everyone from the CEO to the newest hires to create an inspiring and engaging employee experience, ask the tough and sometimes uncomfortable questions, to make the smart and hard choices, and ultimately enable all employees to build the future of the activity industry  together!
What youll do here:

Develop and execute a people strategy in support of the overall FareHarbor business goals and strategic direction of FareHarbor
Act as a trusted partner for the leadership of FareHarbor, advise and provide insights that globally aligns with FareHarbors values
Lead strategic people conversations with the leadership of FareHarbor, including but not limited to organizational design and organizational and leadership development
Develop a comprehensive recruiting and retention strategy to meet the evolving needs of FareHarbor
Ensure all global total rewards programs are comprehensive and motivate our people to achieve  our mission to build the future of the activity industry
Effectively communicate alignment between HR programs and support for the organizations mission and strategic vision
Secure sponsorship from Booking.com and support for HR initiatives, new programs, operational efficiencies, and regulatory changes in HR practice
Oversee and strive for operational excellence in the day-to-day operations of the people function and be accountable for success across the teams
Innovate strategies to enrich the quality and depth of talent in the organization. Stay current with the latest industry trends and best practices to ensure optimal performance of the People department and influence performance of the entire organization

Requirements:

Strong communication and interpersonal skills with the proven ability to define and execute strategy
Ability to effectively manage complex stakeholder environments, such as parent and grandparent organizations and global matrixed environments
Ability to manage, organize and prioritize, leading effectively through the dynamics of change in an entrepreneurial environment
Track record working within technology and product organizations and multicultural environments
Exceptional leadership skills with a track record of building, motivating, and managing high-performing teams in high-growth environments
Strong critical thinking and analytical skills
Ability to work with all levels in the organization along with Booking.com Innovator with a get things done mentality
Model FareHarbor Core Values

Benefits 

Medical, dental  vision coverage
23 days of PTO  12 paid holidays
Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy


401k  employer matching
Social hours  events and team-building 
Educational Opportunities
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars)   
Work-from-home assistance
Hybrid friendly
Paid volunteer hours

Salary Range: 160,800-201,000, plus 25 bonus potential 
FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.