About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
FareHarbor is the worlds leading provider of reservation software to the tour, activity and attraction industry, working with thousands of businesses across North America and the globe. Our clients work ranges from walking tours to shark diving experiences. 
The FareHarbor NORAM organization is looking for driven  ambitious individuals to join our incredible Sales team. In this role, you will learn our product while quickly working your way to targeted lead pools with larger businesses and a higher volume of end customers. 
We are looking for those who are ready to work on a consultative sales cycle focused on relationship development with multiple stakeholders and complex business needs. This position will require problem solving to use our reservation software to creatively develop a solution that drives conversion for a variety of clients. In this role youll have uncapped commission potential, milestone bonuses, and the potential for growth within the role.
Our team works hard and we have fun along the way. We talk shop on our clients boats on a sunset cruise, learn a new market by exploring a haunted house together, show a conductor how they can streamline their check-in on a train, or teach a brewery how they can maximize revenue in their venue spaces. Our clients are in the memory-making business and we enable those dreams!
What youll do here: 

Fully manage your own book of business, from cold calling to closing, all the way through implementation - inclusive of sales presentations, product demonstrations (online andor in-person), and negotiations to close deals and achieve targets 
Build an active relationship with potential clients to deeply understand any potential reservations and provide thorough and creative solutions
Utilize our CRM to document lead interactions, record crucial details, and enable better lead qualification
Develop and maintain a deep understanding of FareHarbors features  functionalities  partners and effectively communicate the value propositions to potential customers
Stay updated with industry trends, market changes, and competitors activities to identify potential business opportunities
Gather market intelligence and customer feedback to provide valuable insights to the marketing, product development, and strategy teams
Monitor your individual sales performance and implement strategies to maximize productivity and results
Be a true team player who is willing to go the extra mile to deliver exceptional results for our clients

Requirements:

5 years of sales experience with a history of meetingexceeding sales targets, preferably in a SaaS environment
Proven strong work ethic, putting in the work with callsoutreach and going the extra mile to build a solution that suits a client and get the close
Proactive, motivated, organized, enthusiastic, and comfortable with a fast pace
Comfortable speaking with people on the phone and in person; Able to handle rejection and stay motivated
Cool under pressure with the ability to balance  execute multiple priorities
Professionalism in all business interactions across all communication channels
A growth mindset: comfortable adoptingutilizing new technology and the ability to implement new learnings into the day-to-day
Ideally suited for individuals who are motivated by financial success and rewards.
Bonus: Willingness to travel for industry events  conferences

Benefits:

Medical, dental  vision coverage
23 days of PTO  12 paid holidays
Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 

401k  employer matching
Social hours  events and team-building 
Educational Opportunities

Individual skill development  growth programming

Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars)   
Work-from-home assistance
Hybrid friendly
Paid volunteer hours

Salary Range: 

31,200 Base  20,000 1st-Year Bonus Potential
Total OTE  131,200

(OTE is not guaranteed and is subject to performance)
Please note you must be authorized to work in the United States for this position.
FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.