About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role:
The Chief of Staff, NORAM, serves as the primary partner for the VP - Commercial NORAM, supporting our regional leadership and working across our regional teams to meet and exceed our commercial targets and organizational goals.
In addition to these responsibilities, this role will be focused on enabling our commercial organization to succeed — managing interesting, complex and cross-functional projects that help enable us to better serve the industry.
The ideal candidate is detail-oriented, organized, and analytical with an entrepreneurial spirit to execute key projects and get things done. They have experience working cross-functionally in high pressure environments, and possess a positive, client-focused, can-do mindset.
What youll do here:

Serve as primary partner to the VP - Commercial NORAM by ensuring smooth operations of day-to-day activities, business-critical project management, and supporting priority management for the region. 
Support local commercial leaders by spearheading and project-managing business critical projects, from project inception through successful project delivery
Facilitate and coordinate all commercial reviews and strategic huddles, develop regional follow-ups to ensure all teams are kept up-to-date on strategic andor narrative changes.
Serve as the lynchpin between local enablement organizations and analytics team, ensuring that we use datareporting to drive sales and CX insights into tangible actions across our functions.
Own all regular and ad-hoc regional communications, such as developing content for our newsletter and monthlyquarterly business reviews.
Champion standardization and improvement of client service across our region.
Be an external thought-leader, posting in our online client community and on LinkedIn regarding industry trends or representing FH at conferencesindustry events as requested.
Liaise with the Chief of Staff to the CEO to ensure global alignment with communications, commercial reviews, strategic huddles, and other global initiatives. 
Stay up to date with industry trends; funnel this knowledge into recommendations for our regional leaders, leveraging our strategyanalytics team to supplement competitor information or market trends
Engage with PeopleOps associates to ensure cultural alignment across our offices

Requirements:

8 years experience in finance, management consulting, or operations at a fast growing technology company.
Strong written and interpersonal communication skills with the proven ability to simplify and clearly communicate complex topics to various stakeholders.
Ability to manage, organize and prioritize, leading effectively through the dynamics of change in an entrepreneurial environment
Ability to create consensus while working across all levels of an organization.
Strong critical thinking and analytical skills
Innovator with a get things done mentality

Benefits 

Medical, dental  vision coverage
23 days of PTO  12 paid holidays
Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 


401k  employer matching
Social hours  events and team-building 
Educational Opportunities
Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars)   
Work-from-home assistance
Hybrid friendly
Paid volunteer hours

Salary Range: 96,324-120,405, plus 15 bonus potential 
Please note you must be authorized to work in the United States for this position.
FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.