About FareHarbor
At FareHarbor, our mission is to make experiences better for everyone. Founded in 2013 in Hawaii and acquired by Booking Holdings in 2018, FareHarbor creates powerful tools that enable our clients (think boat rentals, museums, food tours, events and more!) to operate and grow.
With over 20,000 clients across 90 countries—were the largest in our industry and shaping the future of travel, together.
Our team is an Ohana of 700 people around the world. Were passionate about pioneering an industry, embracing challenges with open arms, and delivering value to the experiences industry.
FareHarbor Core Values:

Think Client First
We Are One Ohana
Be Curious and Learn
Own It.
Act With Integrity
Embrace the Challenge

Why FareHarbor?
Founding FareHarbor required unwavering passion. Turning a start-up into the worlds leading and largest reservation software for tours, activities, and attractions required relentless dedication and vision. To date, weve helped over 20,000 global businesses operate successfully and are proud to have played a role in enabling business owners to live their dreams.
And since day one, weve known that our real success lies in our people—the Ohana.
With each new feature launched and new client onboarded, there is a team of incredible people behind the scenes who are full of dedication, passion, energy, and the will to succeed. We encourage everyone to bring their whole selves to  work—to  believe in their abilities, to freely express their creativity, and to contribute with their own uniqueness by wearing their true colors. We take care of one another and always prioritize health and wellbeing. We give our people the space and trust to learn, to try, to succeed, to collaborate, to think outside of the box, to make mistakes, and even to fail. And then we come together to try again.
From the minute you join, you have a voice. You find your space. You make an impact. We celebrate our victories, shout our successes, and are always eager to tackle new challenges. And we cant wait to see all thats to come.
About the Role
FareHarbor, a Booking.com Company, is looking for a full time, Senior Fullstack Engineer to join our product team. Were a quickly growing company with a robust product that tens of thousands of people use to run their businesses every day.
What youll do here:

Own the spec, design, and implementation of features in our large scale, highly dynamic web application.
Collaborate with other product team members to gather requirements, refine designs, tackle technical challenges, resolve issues, and launch features.
Work across the stack to develop scalable, performant, well-tested solutions.
Improve our massive suite of automated tests.
Participate in code reviews.

Requirements:

Have 4 years experience working with large-scale production codebases.
Be proficient with JavaScript and Python.
Have experience working with AngularJS and Django.
Care about solving problems and doing right by our users.
Be able to think holistically from a product standpoint.
Be eager to learn whatever necessary to tackle problems head-on.
Be passionate about getting things right.
Be comfortable with a fast-paced startup environment.
Be open to agile development methodologies.

When applying:
If possible include references to a project youve written — a Django project, a Node module, a video game with nifty in-game currency, anything that characterizes the kind of work you like to do.
Benefits 

Medical, dental  vision coverage
23 days of PTO  12 paid holidays
Global leave benefit 

22 weeks paid parental leave 
2 weeks paid grandparent leave 
Extended care and bereavement leave
Life insurance policy 


401k  employer matching
Social hours  events and team-building 
Educational Opportunities

Individual skill development  growth programming


Wellness benefits (Headspace subscription  wellness webinars)   
Work-from-home assistance
Hybrid friendly
Paid volunteer hours

Salary Range: 149,721-166,368 plus 20 bonus potential 
Please note you must be authorized to work in the United States for this position.
Remote - qualified applicants based in U.S. states where FareHarbor is a registered employer are eligible for employment. Our list of registered states is growing, so if youre interested and qualified for the role we encourage you to apply!
FareHarbor is committed to creating a diverse environment, and we are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status. We welcome talent that can offer us new insights and perspectives on challenges that we face, and we take measures to eliminate unconscious bias throughout the interview and hiring process. In tandem, we work to cultivate an inclusive culture in which all of our employees can be their authentic selves.
To learn more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Statement for Applicants. By submitting your application, you confirm that you understand and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement for Applicants.