What were building and why were building it. 
Theres a reason Fetch is ranked top 10 in Shopping in the App Store. Every day, millions of people earn Fetch Points buying brands they love. From the grocery aisle to the drive-through, Fetch makes saving money fun. Were more than just a build-first tech unicorn. Were a revolutionary shopping platform where brands and consumers come together for a loyalty-driving, points-exploding, money-saving party.
Join a fast-growing, founder-led technology company thats still only in its early innings. Ranked one of Americas Best Startup Employers by Forbes two years in a row, Fetch is building a people-first culture rooted in trust and accountability. How do we do it? By empowering employees to think big, challenge ideas, and find new ways to bring the fun to Fetch. So what are you waiting for? Apply to join our rocketship today!
Fetch is an equal employment opportunity employer.The Role:

The Senior Partner Director, for Alcohol Beverage, will report directly to the Industry Lead and will be responsible for building new and expanding relationships within two global beer and spirits partners. 
This position will be remote flexible but based in New York Metro area to accommodate local client meetings, industry events, etc 

Scope of Responsibilities:

You will be responsible for contributing to revenue targets within your Pod. Activate and generate new leads with new and existing partners. 
With limited oversight, craft proposals and meet with prospects to share Fetchs vision strategy and value proposition. 
Leverage data in proposals to show brand partners the power of Fetch in driving their business forward. 
Sole point of Influence for decision-makers on Fetchs partner teams, showing brands the power of Fetch and guiding them to full partnership. You are comfortable engaging directly with executive leadership. 
Demonstrate advanced in-depth knowledge of Fetchs offerings and techproductmarketing pipeline. You know where Fetch is and where were going with the depth to get new partnersbrands to full partnership.
Work closely and collaboratively with Industry Lead and AMs (Account teams) on offer details, programming, and calibration.
Remain up-to-date on mediamarketing industry trends, network, and demonstrate your subject matter expertise in the Retail space to prospective partners. 

We know were both succeeding when:

Youre meeting or exceeding goals around metrics such as new brands signed, new brands activated, new revenue generated, graduation rate, and brand penetration. 
You embrace objections as opportunities for education and find solutions.

The ideal candidate:

At least 10 years of enterprise sales experience 
Existing relevant vertical expertise, targeting relevant stakeholders such as senior-level marketing, media, and executive contacts.
Proficiency with Salesforce and Excel.

Compensation: 

At Fetch, we offer competitive compensation packages to the exceptional folks we hire. The base salary range for this position is 165,000-190,000 (this does not include commission or sales plan incentive funds, which our Sales employees are eligible for). We also offer all employees equity in Fetch, so that everyone can benefit from Fetchs growth.

At Fetch, well give you the tools to feel healthy, happy and secure through:

Stock Options for everyone
401k Match: Dollar-for-dollar match up to 4.
Benefits for humans and pets: We offer comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for everyone including your pets.
Continuing Education: Fetch provides ten thousand dollars annually in education reimbursement.
Employee Resource Groups: Take part in employee-led groups that are centered around fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace through events, dialogue and advocacy. The ERGs participate in our Inclusion Council with members of executive leadership.
Paid Time Off: On top of our flexible PTO, Fetch observes 9 paid holidays, including Juneteenth and Indigenous Peoples Day, as well as our year-end week-long break.
Robust Leave Policies: 18 weeks of paid parental leave for primary caregivers, 12 weeks for secondary caregivers, and a flexible return to work schedule.
