What were building and why were building it. 
Theres a reason Fetch is ranked top 10 in Shopping in the App Store. Every day, millions of people earn Fetch Points buying brands they love. From the grocery aisle to the drive-through, Fetch makes saving money fun. Were more than just a build-first tech unicorn. Were a revolutionary shopping platform where brands and consumers come together for a loyalty-driving, points-exploding, money-saving party.
Join a fast-growing, founder-led technology company thats still only in its early innings. Ranked one of Americas Best Startup Employers by Forbes two years in a row, Fetch is building a people-first culture rooted in trust and accountability. How do we do it? By empowering employees to think big, challenge ideas, and find new ways to bring the fun to Fetch. So what are you waiting for? Apply to join our rocketship today!
Fetch is an equal employment opportunity employer.The Role:
We are looking for an iOS Software Engineer. You will build and maintain a world class mobile application that works directly with our backend services and external partners. Success in this role requires the ability to take on challenging problems and design  develop amazing solutions with a user-centric focus. Youll be working on a small, multi-functional team that may include other engineers, a designer, product manager, data scientist and other roles. Well rely on your experience in general engineering architecture discussions as well as product planning meetings. Youll have the opportunity to help establish new paradigms and patterns as we scale and help maintain this high level of code craftsmanship through thoughtful code review. (iOS Native)
In your tool-bag:

A deep understanding of object-oriented programming
Ability to architect and build new features from a specific design or bare-bones idea for a rapidly growing user base, following iOS human interface guidelines
Ability to extend and maintain an existing codebase as well as optimizing app performance whether it is related to networking, UI, or data management
Effective communication, including the ability to translate and explain technical issues to non-technical team members

You have experience with:

Swift and Objective C
MVVM
Networking, specifically using REST APIs from mobile
Implementing UI programmatically 
Working with and integrating third party SDKs (Firebase, Iterable, Zendesk)
Managing apps, certificates, testers, provisions via Apples developer portal and App Store Connect
Version control systems (Git)

Bonus points:

Experience moving code from Objective C to Swift
Experience with SwiftUI
Automated testing on mobile
Undergraduate or graduate degree in computer science, engineering or mathematics

At Fetch, well give you the tools to feel healthy, happy and secure through:

Stock Options for everyone
401k Match: Dollar-for-dollar match up to 4.
Benefits for humans and pets: We offer comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for everyone including your pets.
Continuing Education: Fetch provides Ten Thousand per year in education reimbursement.
Employee Resource Groups: Take part in employee-led groups that are centered around fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace through events, dialogue and advocacy. The ERGs participate in our Inclusion Council with members of executive leadership.
Paid Time Off: On top of our flexible PTO, Fetch observes 9 paid holidays, including Juneteenth and Indigenous Peoples Day, as well as our year-end week-long break. 
Robust Leave Policies: 18 weeks of paid parental leave for primary caregivers, 12 weeks for secondary caregivers, and a flexible return to work schedule.  
Hybrid Work Environment: Collaborate with your team in one of our stunning offices in Madison, Birmingham, or Chicago. Well ensure you are equally equipped with the hardware and software you need to get your job done in the comfort of your home. 
