What were building and why were building it. 
Theres a reason Fetch is ranked top 10 in Shopping in the App Store. Every day, millions of people earn Fetch Points buying brands they love. From the grocery aisle to the drive-through, Fetch makes saving money fun. Were more than just a build-first tech unicorn. Were a revolutionary shopping platform where brands and consumers come together for a loyalty-driving, points-exploding, money-saving party.
Join a fast-growing, founder-led technology company thats still only in its early innings. Ranked one of Americas Best Startup Employers by Forbes two years in a row, Fetch is building a people-first culture rooted in trust and accountability. How do we do it? By empowering employees to think big, challenge ideas, and find new ways to bring the fun to Fetch. So what are you waiting for? Apply to join our rocketship today!
Fetch is an equal employment opportunity employer.The Role:
Fetchs Data Science team has built a world-class machine learning system that scans our users receipts and rewards them by matching items to our one-of-a-kind product catalog. We are very proud of the work weve accomplished in a short period of time, but we also recognize that we still have a long ways to go to meet our receipt understanding goals.
Receipts are a language all their own, and we need talented DSML practictioners to help us continue to improve our capabilities. We aspire for nothing less than a lightning-fast user experience and a perfect match rate.
As a Data Scientist at Fetch, you will apply your skills and your knack for applied research to make a direct impact on improving our product matching intelligence, receipt understanding, in-app search functionality, and more.
You should apply if:

You can speak to recent research thats been done in the Document AI and LLM space
Youve seen an NLP project through to completion (from proof-of-concept to production software)
Youve developed Transformers-based NLP models using ML frameworks like Huggingface and PyTorch
Youre comfortable with ML development tools like Comet, Streamlit, and Sagemaker, and you know how to incorporate them into the ML experimentation workflow
You have a PhD or Masters with equivalent experience in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or any other Quantitative field. Publication record is a plus.
You enjoy collaborating with folks with different experience and skillsets in order to solve the problem at hand

At Fetch, well give you the tools to feel healthy, happy and secure through:

Stock Options for everyone
401k Match: Dollar-for-dollar match up to 4.
Benefits for humans and pets: We offer comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for everyone including your pets.
Continuing Education: Fetch provides Ten Thousand per year in education reimbursement.
Employee Resource Groups: Take part in employee-led groups that are centered around fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace through events, dialogue and advocacy. The ERGs participate in our Inclusion Council with members of executive leadership.
Paid Time Off: On top of our flexible PTO, Fetch observes 9 paid holidays, including Juneteenth and Indigenous Peoples Day, as well as our year-end week-long break. 
Robust Leave Policies: 18 weeks of paid parental leave for primary caregivers, 12 weeks for secondary caregivers, and a flexible return to work schedule. 
Hybrid Work Environment: Collaborate with your team in one of our stunning offices in Madison, Birmingham, or Chicago. Well ensure you are equally equipped with the hardware and software you need to get your job done in the comfort of your home.
