What were building and why were building it. 
Theres a reason Fetch is ranked top 10 in Shopping in the App Store. Every day, millions of people earn Fetch Points buying brands they love. From the grocery aisle to the drive-through, Fetch makes saving money fun. Were more than just a build-first tech unicorn. Were a revolutionary shopping platform where brands and consumers come together for a loyalty-driving, points-exploding, money-saving party.
Join a fast-growing, founder-led technology company thats still only in its early innings. Ranked one of Americas Best Startup Employers by Forbes two years in a row, Fetch is building a people-first culture rooted in trust and accountability. How do we do it? By empowering employees to think big, challenge ideas, and find new ways to bring the fun to Fetch. So what are you waiting for? Apply to join our rocketship today!
Fetch is an equal employment opportunity employer.The Role
Shoppers have been flocking to the Fetch app to have fun, and save money. As a member of the Implementation team, you are responsible for the way users experience those opportunities to save, from the way a brand appears in the app, to the offers a user sees and redeems, and the points back for each dollar a shopper spends on a brand. 
As a member of the Operations department, Implementation Coordinators are responsible for managing the configuration of offers. Implementation Coordinators ensure all offers are executed in a timely manner, follow Fetchs standardized guidelines and, when needed, collaborate with Account Managers on ways to meet client needs and optimize offer performance. There are various steps along the way to completing an offer that Implementation Coordinators are responsible for managing and communicating progress against to their team and respective Account Managers in the Sales department. 
The Implementation Coordinator is responsible for how a brand shows up in the Fetch app, including how and when points are awarded for each brand. To ensure users have a positive experience, Implementation Coordinators manage the catalog of products for the brands they represent, and you will configure brand pages in app, format product descriptions and properties, and establish which items earn points to users.
Implementation Coordinators will develop a unique understanding of How Fetch Works from a business and technical perspective that leads the Fetch team with identifying unique solutions to questions our partners and internal stakeholders have. Examples of this include leveraging the Coordinators knowledge to determine what promotional capabilities should be used to achieve a partners business objective, prescribing the best solution for internal initiatives, and helping teams determine what enhancements can be made to provide a better user and partner experience when working with Fetch. As Fetch, implementation, and our technologies evolve, you will help identify opportunities to improve and optimize the role, processes, and teams.
This team is the gear that keeps all things Fetch connected and working to help our users earn and save each day. Apply today to learn more about the role and team!
Scope of Responsibilities:

Provide support to their counterparts on the Implementation team. 
Support assigned client account teams while providing excellent customer service.
Communicating and entering promotion specifications and details internally.
Managing multiple work streams internally among multiple teams and departments.
Tactical execution of client files with the technical team.
Managing timelines of assigned projects.
Process development, implementation and management.
Collaborating across departments to streamline projects and task hand-off

The Ideal Candidate:

Fast learner who enjoys solving problems and improving processes
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (knowledge of spreadsheet functionality including pivot tables, v-lookups, charts and graphing)
Highly motivated self-starter and excellent team player who can stay on task with minimal supervision
Possesses analytical skills as well as creative problem-solving abilities
General interest in digesting the data in which theyll be working
Strong verbal, written and time-management skills
High level of attention to detail and organization
Ability to adapt and be flexible to change
Four year degree 

Compensation: 
At Fetch, we offer competitive compensation packages to the exceptional folks we hire. The base salary for this position is 55,000. We also offer all employees equity in Fetch, so that everyone can benefit from Fetchs growth.
At Fetch, well give you the tools to feel healthy, happy and secure through:

Stock Options for everyone
401k Match: Dollar-for-dollar match up to 4.
Benefits for humans and pets: We offer comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for everyone including your pets.
Continuing Education: Fetch provides ten thousand dollars annually in education reimbursement.
Employee Resource Groups: Take part in employee-led groups that are centered around fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace through events, dialogue and advocacy. The ERGs participate in our Inclusion Council with members of executive leadership.
Paid Time Off: On top of our flexible PTO, Fetch observes 9 paid holidays, including Juneteenth and Indigenous Peoples Day, as well as our year-end week-long break.
Robust Leave Policies: 18 weeks of paid parental leave for primary caregivers, 12 weeks for secondary caregivers, and a flexible return to work schedule. 
