What were building and why were building it. 
Theres a reason Fetch is ranked top 10 in Shopping in the App Store. Every day, millions of people earn Fetch Points buying brands they love. From the grocery aisle to the drive-through, Fetch makes saving money fun. Were more than just a build-first tech unicorn. Were a revolutionary shopping platform where brands and consumers come together for a loyalty-driving, points-exploding, money-saving party.
Join a fast-growing, founder-led technology company thats still only in its early innings. Ranked one of Americas Best Startup Employers by Forbes two years in a row, Fetch is building a people-first culture rooted in trust and accountability. How do we do it? By empowering employees to think big, challenge ideas, and find new ways to bring the fun to Fetch. So what are you waiting for? Apply to join our rocketship today!
Fetch is an equal employment opportunity employer.The Role:
At Fetch, our vision is to help make shopping and everyday activities easy, fun and rewarding. Our millions of users turn their Fetch points into gift cards, charitable donations, or to simply treat themselves! We are ranked as one of the top shopping apps in the App Store, have earned a 4.85 rating, and plan to become the premier app for rewarding life. 
We are looking for creative, self-driven Product Leaders to join our cross-functional product and engineering Packs, understand key pain points and opportunities, and then deliver innovative solutions to drive  customer and business outcomes.
The ideal candidate:

A track record of launching new products and experiences on-time with high quality, measuring results, and achieving positive outcomes
Have the product instincts to understand what our customers REALLY want (not just what they tell us) and deliver novel solutions to exceed their expectations 
Hypothesis and data-driven to inform priorities and decision making
An effective communicator and collaborator including with engineering, UX, analytics, and operational departments.
Able to thrive in uncertainty and comfortable with a high degree of ownership and bias for action

Scope of responsibilities:

Immerse yourself into the ProductUX team, your Pack, and the technology platform
Immerse yourself into the Fetch experience and become an expert in your subject area
Use a combination of product instincts and data to drive decisions and results
Collaborate with UXDesign, engineering, QA, and data teams to lead the definition, execution, launch, and assessment of innovative product enhancements
Collaborate with your peers to elevate the abilities of our product, team, and the overall company
Consistently demonstrate clear improvements to user, partner, and business metrics

At Fetch, well give you the tools to feel healthy, happy and secure through:

Stock Options for everyone
401k Match: Dollar-for-dollar match up to 4.
Benefits for humans and pets: We offer comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for everyone including your pets.
Continuing Education: Fetch provides Ten Thousand per year in education reimbursement.
Employee Resource Groups: Take part in employee-led groups that are centered around fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace through events, dialogue and advocacy. The ERGs participate in our Inclusion Council with members of executive leadership.
Paid Time Off: On top of our flexible PTO, Fetch observes 9 paid holidays, including Juneteenth and Indigenous Peoples Day, as well as our year-end week-long break. 
Robust Leave Policies: 18 weeks of paid parental leave for primary caregivers, 12 weeks for secondary caregivers, and a flexible return to work schedule.  
Hybrid Work Environment: Collaborate with your team in one of our stunning offices in Madison, Birmingham, or Chicago. Well ensure you are equally equipped with the hardware and software you need to get your job done in the comfort of your home. 
