What were building and why were building it. 
Theres a reason Fetch is ranked top 10 in Shopping in the App Store. Every day, millions of people earn Fetch Points buying brands they love. From the grocery aisle to the drive-through, Fetch makes saving money fun. Were more than just a build-first tech unicorn. Were a revolutionary shopping platform where brands and consumers come together for a loyalty-driving, points-exploding, money-saving party.
Join a fast-growing, founder-led technology company thats still only in its early innings. Ranked one of Americas Best Startup Employers by Forbes two years in a row, Fetch is building a people-first culture rooted in trust and accountability. How do we do it? By empowering employees to think big, challenge ideas, and find new ways to bring the fun to Fetch. So what are you waiting for? Apply to join our rocketship today!
Fetch is an equal employment opportunity employer.The Role:
The next step in evolving our shopper journey will be hiring a Sr. Account Manager, BevAl on our Sales Team. The Sr. Account Manager would report to the Industry Lead within the BeverageAlcohol pod. We are a remote flexible workplace with no in-office mandates.
Scope of Responsibilities:
To be a successful Sr. Account Manager, BevAl at Fetch, the individual will demonstrate an interest in driving revenue, meeting with existing clients virtually or in person, expanding relationships, and providing value to Fetchs brand partners. This includes but is not limited to the following; 

Retain and expand Fetch partners. 
Develop and maintain strong relationships with existing clients, particularly sales and marketing leaders and C-suite executives. Were not a product or a vendor, were a partner.

Approximately 50 of your role will be client-facing, ensuring that deliverables (including offers, communications, and analytics) meet partners needs and requests.
Prepare materials for (and often attend) quarterly business reviews and other key partner touchpoints in a manner that continuously improves the relationship between Fetch and brand partners. 
Ensure partners have regular access to data and reporting to optimize Fetchs share of partner budget and increase partner spending in a valuable way, driving value for our brand partners, which ultimately reduces churn. 
Develop your influence skills; youll engage partners with the value Fetch brings, strategy, and vision.
Maintain a thorough, up-to-date familiarity and understanding with Fetchs products and strategies that impact partner relationships; this includes clubs, marketing and communications, and more creative bespoke offerings reflective of the partners desires. 

Maintain cross-functional collaboration and communications within and outside of Revenue Generation, including marketing, tech, product, and design. 

Promote teamwork and communication on our Sales team; were all owners of Fetch, so a win for one is a win for all.
In tandem with your Team Lead, and autonomously as you start to build out your experience here, work closely with senior members of the team, along with implementation and ATSO to ensure Special Offers are likely to achieve partner objectives. 
Leverage data from internal partners to show our partners the value behind additional offer opportunities. 
Partner with our internal B2B marketing team on client communications highlighting Fetchs value and solutions.
Demonstrate a solid and developing understanding of marketing budget and allocation for key accounts. 


Salary Band: 
We value this position at 85,000-130,000 base  commission  equity
Negotiable based on experience.
Skills and experience we believe you will need for this position:

A successful track record of exceeding quotas and driving renewalupsell revenue for BevAl enterprise accounts.
3-8 years of sales-driven account management experience.
Prior work experience involving B2B sales account management within Ad Sales, Tech, Digital Media, Consumer Insights, consulting, or other relevant industries.
Knowledge of consumer insights and marketing terminology.
Experience consolidating complex data into data-informed stories for partners and colleagues; Utilize tools such as PowerPoint and Google Slides.
Experience with advanced Excel. Managing and synthesizing large data sets managing advanced functions such as filters, formulas, pivot tables, etc. 
Possess strong negotiation skills and agility in objection handling, rejection, and managing ambiguity.
Experience with Salesforce functions and dashboards
Exceptional written email communication skills to manage and operationalize large-scale projects across multiple teams and stakeholders.
Able to travel when necessary for sales meetings, client presentations, etc. 
Comfortable with autonomy, resourcefulness, and flexibility in a fast-paced environment.

At Fetch, well give you the tools to feel healthy, happy and secure through

Stock Options for everyone
401k Match: Dollar-for-dollar match up to 4.
Benefits for humans and pets: We offer comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for everyone including your pets.
Continuing Education: Fetch provides 10,000 per year in education reimbursement.
Employee Resource Groups: Take part in employee-led groups that are centered around fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace through events, dialogue and advocacy. The ERGs participate in our Inclusion Council with members of executive leadership.
Paid Time Off: On top of our flexible PTO, Fetch observes 9 paid holidays, including Juneteenth and Indigenous Peoples Day, as well as our year-end week-long break. 
Robust Leave Policies: 18 weeks of paid parental leave for primary caregivers, 12 weeks for secondary caregivers, and a flexible return to work schedule.  
