What were building and why were building it. 
Theres a reason Fetch is ranked top 10 in Shopping in the App Store. Every day, millions of people earn Fetch Points buying brands they love. From the grocery aisle to the drive-through, Fetch makes saving money fun. Were more than just a build-first tech unicorn. Were a revolutionary shopping platform where brands and consumers come together for a loyalty-driving, points-exploding, money-saving party.
Join a fast-growing, founder-led technology company thats still only in its early innings. Ranked one of Americas Best Startup Employers by Forbes two years in a row, Fetch is building a people-first culture rooted in trust and accountability. How do we do it? By empowering employees to think big, challenge ideas, and find new ways to bring the fun to Fetch. So what are you waiting for? Apply to join our rocketship today!
Fetch is an equal employment opportunity employer.The Role:
Fetchs next step in evolving the shopping experience will require a Site Reliability Engineer.
The Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) team combines software and systems engineering to build and run distributed, fault-tolerant systems at scale. SREs ensure that Fetchs services — both our externally visible and internally critical systems — have reliability and uptime appropriate to our users needs. In addition, we keep an ever watchful eye on system capacity and performance. Were proud to be our engineers engineers, and much of our software development focuses on optimizing existing systems, building infrastructure, and eliminating work through automation.
Fetchs culture of diversity, intellectual curiosity, problem solving, and openness is key to our success. Our organization brings together people with a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. We encourage them to collaborate, think big, and take risks in a blame-free environment. We promote self-direction to work on meaningful projects, while we also strive to create an environment that provides the support and mentorship needed to learn and grow.
Responsibilities:

Engage in and improve the whole lifecycle of services - from inception and design, through deployment, operation, and refinement.
Support services before they go live through activities such as system design consulting, developing software platforms and frameworks, capacity planning, and readiness reviews.
Maintain services once they are live by measuring and monitoring availability, latency, and overall system health.
Scale systems sustainably through mechanisms like automation, and evolve systems by pushing for changes that improve reliability and velocity.
Practice sustainable incident response and blameless postmortems by participating in the on-call rotation.

Minimum Qualifications:

Experience with one or more high-level programming languages (e.g. Java, Python, Go, CC).
Experience with UnixLinux operating system internals, networking, or cloud platforms (e.g. AWS, Azure, GCP).
Experience with analyzing and troubleshooting systems.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.

Preferred Qualifications

Experience designing, analyzing, and troubleshooting distributed systems.
Experience designing and developing software oriented towards systems or infrastructure automation.
Ability to debugoptimize code and automate routine tasks.
Systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with effective communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.

At Fetch, well give you the tools to feel healthy, happy and secure through:

Stock Options for everyone
401k Match: Dollar-for-dollar match up to 4.
Benefits for humans and pets: We offer comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for everyone including your pets.
Continuing Education: Fetch provides Ten Thousand per year in education reimbursement
Employee Resource Groups: Take part in employee-led groups that are centered around fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace through events, dialogue and advocacy. The ERGs participate in our Inclusion Council with members of executive leadership.
Paid Time Off: On top of our flexible PTO, Fetch observes 9 paid holidays, including Juneteenth and Indigenous Peoples Day, as well as our year-end week-long break. 
Robust Leave Policies: 18 weeks of paid parental leave for primary caregivers, 12 weeks for secondary caregivers, and a flexible return to work schedule.  
Hybrid Work Environment: Collaborate with your team in one of our stunning offices in Madison, Birmingham, or Chicago. Well ensure you are equally equipped with the hardware and software you need to get your job done in the comfort of your home. 
