What were building and why were building it. 
Theres a reason Fetch is ranked top 10 in Shopping in the App Store. Every day, millions of people earn Fetch Points buying brands they love. From the grocery aisle to the drive-through, Fetch makes saving money fun. Were more than just a build-first tech unicorn. Were a revolutionary shopping platform where brands and consumers come together for a loyalty-driving, points-exploding, money-saving party.
Join a fast-growing, founder-led technology company thats still only in its early innings. Ranked one of Americas Best Startup Employers by Forbes two years in a row, Fetch is building a people-first culture rooted in trust and accountability. How do we do it? By empowering employees to think big, challenge ideas, and find new ways to bring the fun to Fetch. So what are you waiting for? Apply to join our rocketship today!
Fetch is an equal employment opportunity employer.The Role:
As a team leader and under the general direction of the Strategic FPA Director, the Financial Analyst is responsible for coordinating the companys quarterly forecast, annual budgeting process, and operating plan variance analysis. This function will act as the analytical arm of the company to provide insights and support optimal business decision making.
Scope of Responsibilities

Analyze current and past trends in key performance indicators including all areas of revenue, cost of sales, expenses and capital expenditures
Monitor performance indicators, highlighting trends and analyzing causes of unexpected variance
Support the development of cost AOP  LE  Rolling Forecast inputs aligned to current trends and asks from business partners
Drive improvements in forecast accuracy through collaboration with cross-functional partners
Proactively engage the right resources from across the organization to understand and explain financial results to Fetch Leadership
Bring financial planning and accounting acumen to cross functional teams
Embody our Good to Great Philosophy to streamlineimprove the forecasting process
Implement and work with a Business Intelligence Tool and Dashboard reports
Prepare weekly and monthly reports as requested by management
Ad-Hoc decision support Analysis

The ideal candidate:

Bachelors Degree in Accounting or Finance
1-2 years of experience in a financial analysis role
Strong working knowledge of Excel, financial modeling, and PowerPoint
Cost optimization, Cost analysis, and Cost Reporting experience
Articulate with excellent verbal and written communication skills; great organization skills
Ability to think creatively, highly driven and self-motivated
Familiar with writing SQL a plus
Strong attention to detail

Compensation:
At Fetch, we offer competitive compensation packages to the exceptional folks we hire. The salary range for this position is 60,000 - 70,000. We also offer all employees equity in Fetch, so that everyone can benefit from Fetchs growth.
At Fetch, well give you the tools to feel healthy, happy and secure through:

Stock Options for everyone
401k Match: Dollar-for-dollar match up to 4.
Benefits for humans and pets: We offer comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans for everyone including your pets.
Continuing Education: Fetch provides ten thousand dollars annually in education reimbursement.
Employee Resource Groups: Take part in employee-led groups that are centered around fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace through events, dialogue and advocacy. The ERGs participate in our Inclusion Council with members of executive leadership.
Paid Time Off: On top of our flexible PTO, Fetch observes 9 paid holidays, including Juneteenth and Indigenous Peoples Day, as well as our year-end week-long break.
Robust Leave Policies: 18 weeks of paid parental leave for primary caregivers, 12 weeks for secondary caregivers, and a flexible return to work schedule. 
