What were building and why were building it. 
Theres a reason Fetch is ranked top 10 in Shopping in the App Store. Every day, millions of people earn Fetch Points buying brands they love. From the grocery aisle to the drive-through, Fetch makes saving money fun. Were more than just a build-first tech unicorn. Were a revolutionary shopping platform where brands and consumers come together for a loyalty-driving, points-exploding, money-saving party.
Join a fast-growing, founder-led technology company thats still only in its early innings. Ranked one of Americas Best Startup Employers by Forbes two years in a row, Fetch is building a people-first culture rooted in trust and accountability. How do we do it? By empowering employees to think big, challenge ideas, and find new ways to bring the fun to Fetch. So what are you waiting for? Apply to join our rocketship today!
Fetch is an equal employment opportunity employer.The Role:
We are looking for a creative, driven Email Developer to take our marketing communications to the next level. In this role, youll craft HTML templates to bring mind-blowing personalization to our email, mobile inbox messages, and more - all aimed at delighting our 17 million monthly active users. 
Beyond being a relentless executor, youll be a key strategic player on the team. Your comprehensive understanding of capabilities will enable you to surface innovative solutions and novel opportunities to drive user and business outcomes. This role is a first of its kind at Fetch, so youll have the opportunity to build this program from the ground up.
Responsibilities:

Collaborate cross-functionally to execute and scale highly personalized campaigns through HTML development
Consult on technical capabilities and considerations 
QA and troubleshoot rendering issues for email and mobile inbox messages in app
Drive novel approaches and optimizations to push the boundaries of our capabilities and support our rapidly growing brand
Establish and refine MarOpps processes (creating and assembling templates, QAing, etc.) 

Skills:

Professional experience developing dynamic, personalized content
Expertise with HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Handlebars
Proficiency in adaptive and responsive coding techniques within the email space
Comfortable working from design files in Adobe Photoshop and Figma
Experience working with RESTful APIs
Strong understanding of trends and best practices in email development
Comfortable troubleshooting rendering issues (across ESPs, mobile, dark mode, etc.)
Strong collaborator and communicator
Excellent time management skills and thrive in a fast-paced environment 

Bonus points:

Experience with Iterable is ideal, but not required
Front-end development chops are a plus
