Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!As one of the first Deal Desk hires, you will be joining the Sales Operations team to support our rapidly growing Sales org and to partner with our Deal Desk leader in scaling a best-in-class Deal Desk function. As a trusted advisor to the Sales team, youll work across all elements of an opportunitys quote-to-cash lifecycle (deal structure, quote generation, approvals, order forms, and compliance with revenue recognition and legal policies) to ensure contracts mutually benefit Figma and its customers. You will leverage your business acumen, problem-solving ability, and strong rapport built with the Sales team to strategize and structure non-standard deals, as well as partner with cross-functional stakeholders to build standardized processes with the goal of reducing manual errors and accelerating deal velocity.
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
What youll do at Figma:

Be a subject matter expert on deal structure and policy, including contract terms, product configurations, and compliance requirements
Guide non-standard deals through the contracting cycle  internal approval processes in collaboration with the appropriate cross-functional stakeholders (Sales Leadership, Legal, Accounting, Billing, Product, etc.) to ensure that all deals align with internal strategies and guidelines
Monitor relevant Slack channels and SFDC approval queues, ensuring requests are addressed thoughtfully and with urgency
Build and maintain detailed documentation for all Deal Desk-related processes
Compile business requirements and implement CPQ software in partnership with manager and sales systems team


Wed love to hear from you if you have:

2 years of Deal Desk experience in a SaaS environment
Experience using Salesforce and CPQ
Navigate deal cycles and problem solve deal structures 
Partnered with cross-functional teams such as Legal, Sales, and Finance to implement new processes and improve existing workflows

While its not required, its an added plus if you also have:

 A track record of handling multiple priorities in a deadline driven environment with a high degree of autonomy in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment
An aptitude for lending an insightful perspective and educating others on deal strategy and process changes



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




LI-remote


Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):119,000—231,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 