Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Our IT team enables Figmates to do the best work of their lives. We pride ourselves on our ability to provide Figmates with the best service and support possible, from their first day onboarding to their last day at Figma. We are seeking a skilled Technical Program Manager (TPM) to lead IT projects and programs that ensure reliability, efficiency, and accuracy while building customer trust.
In this role, you will be responsible for driving and coordinating projects that optimize our internal IT resources and processes. You will handle successful deployment and management of automation tools such as Okta, Moveworks and Freshservice, along with MDM. Your focus will include, but not be limited to, improving operational efficiencies in areas such as employee onboarding and offboarding, metrics reporting, and tracking SLA improvements.
What youll do at Figma:

Manage and execute IT projects, focusing on automation, process improvement, and tool integration
Collaborate cross-functionally to identify areas for process optimization, particularly in employee onboarding and offboarding
Administer and optimize ITSM solutions like Moveworks and Freshservice
Provide technical oversight for the deployment and maintenance of MDM solutions
Ensure documentation and SOPs are up-to-date and adhere to organizational standards


Wed love to hear from you if you have:

5 years of experience in IT operations or program management.
Proven experience with automation tools like Moveworks and Freshservice
Strong knowledge of MDM solutions and experience with Okta or similar IT tools
Exceptional project management skills, including the ability to manage multiple projects concurrently.
Knowledge of Agile and SAFe methodologies
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Previous experience with process improvement in employee onboarding and offboarding.
Experience using Asana, Okta, JAMF or similar tools



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):109,000—231,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 