Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Were looking for an experienced UX writer to lend a human touch to some of the most complicated corners of Figma—like prototyping, design systems features, and Dev Mode. These are complex features, and youll be tasked with making them as simple and approachable as possible.
 
Youll join 7 kind-hearted word nerds on the UX writing team and work closely with people all across the company. Youll shape strategy alongside PMs, design alongside designers, and more. Along the way, youll help define Figmas voice, and create resources that make everyone at Figma a better writer.
 
This is a full-time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
 
What youll do at Figma:

Own UI copy and content strategy for some of our most complex features—like prototyping, design systems features, and Dev Mode
Lead feature-naming work, and ensure all terminology is clear and conversational
Participate in design critiques, sharing your work and giving feedback on visual and interaction design
Craft UX copy guidelines and improve the UX writing teams processes
Help make some of our most complex, advanced features as approachable as they can be

 
Wed love to hear from you if you have:

4 years of experience writing interface copy
Strong product thinking, and the confidence to advocate for design changes when needed
Experience with complex systems (like dev tools, website builders, game engines, etc.)
A love of process-building and an outgoing approach to creating cross-functional relationships
Experience using data and research to guide writing decisions 
A passion for design tools
Samples of relevant UX writingcontent design work you can share 

 
At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):144,000—279,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 