Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!
We prefer to receive applications on RippleMatch. Youll be able to see all of our Early Career roles and apply to any of them from there!
The Data Science team at Figma partners directly with our product and engineering teams to uncover insights, influence decision making, and apply a data lens to business problems critical to Figmas growth. Our work is diverse and evolving. As an intern on our team, you will have an opportunity to apply your skills on technical challenges that will have a real impact on our business and product. We seek data scientists with strong coding and statistics fundamentals and who are excellent communicators among technical and non-technical audiences. 
What youll do at Figma:

Collaborate with cross-functional teams including Product, Engineering, Research, Design, Sales, and Marketing to turn business questions into data problems
Evaluate experiments to measure the impact of product changes
Define and surface metrics to guide decision making
Build models to understand user behavior and predict growth


Some projects you could work on:

Explore behavior patterns of potential new users and make recommendations on how to scale the growth and adoption of our core products through data-driven strategy
Research and implement innovative solutions for Figmas B2C monetization strategy by carrying out complex online experiments, utilizing causal inference techniques, and constructing new north-star metrics for the monetization team.
Explore low-level product performance data, model and understand the causes of slow rendering or long load times, and help scale the results across our products and surfaces
Ensure the successful launch of a new feature for Figmas largest Enterprise customers by defining success and guardrail metrics, building a tracking plan and dashboard, and communicating results to cross-functional stakeholders and leadership.



Wed love to hear from you if you have:

A strong baseline in statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics or other quantitative field
Proficiency with basic SQL 
Experience with R, Python, or similar scripting language
Firm knowledge around statistical methods and models
Research experience in the natural sciences, social sciences, or behavioral sciences
Experience working with creative tools
A self-starting approach along with strong communication and collaboration skills



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.



Read more about our team

Inside Figma: my time as a new grad
Inside Figma: a QA with our 2021 interns and new grads
How we use data 
From experiment to launch: how data shaped a new comments experience

LI-DNI

Pay Transparency Disclosure
This internship role has the monthly stipend stated below. Figma also offers interns a housing stipend and travel reimbursement. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Internship (Monthly Stipend)7,450—7,450 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 