Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Teamwork is a full stack web engineering group building the features that enable companies of all sizes to successfully adopt, manage, collaborate, and create in Figma Design and FigJam, from two-person teams to the Fortune 500. This includes (but is not limited to) ownership of core surface areas like our search and file browsing capability, security and access platform, customer lifecycle (billing and payments) systems, andor in-product notifications. As an engineer on Teamwork, the work youll do will have lasting and outsized impact on Figma as a successful business, and youll have plenty of opportunities to both leverage your existing strengths and learn new skills as the team grows and takes on new challenges.
 
More than anything, we seek engineers with strong coding fundamentals, a track record of high quality engineering, and a growth mindset and passion for learning. We work in a highly collaborative environment, where most projects are owned by small groups of 2-3 people. We strive to foster a positive, inclusive culture - you can read more about our engineering values on our blog. 
What youll do at Figma:

Collaborate with designers, PMs, and other engineers to plan features and break down high level goals into tasks and timelines
Build, document, and maintain tests, features, and infrastructure
Communicate and document architectural designs and requirements
Provide thoughtful feedback to others on the team
Help interview and recruit more talented engineers to Figma


Some projects you could work on:

Product features that unblock adoption across new categories of customers
Iterating on core aspects of the identity, authentication, and permissions infrastructure
Redesigning the home pageUI of www.figma.com 
Standardizing Figmas information architecture and core product frameworks
Crafting delightful product experiences to enable customization and categorization
Building new pricing tiers and more flexible billing models



Wed love to hear from you if you:

At least 3 years of professional experience shipping features or products as a full-stack developer, andor operating in a tech lead capacity
Demonstrated fluency with one or more programming languages, including but not limited to: TypescriptJavascript, React, Ruby, Java, Python, Go, or Rust
Have experience doing software engineering in a collaborative, inclusive environment
Have strong interpersonal and communication skills and enjoy working across cross-functionally
Have a growth mindset and enthusiasm about learning and growing as an engineer
Have interest and experience with building for a modern enterprise audience, working on billing or permissions infrastructure, or owning core product activity feedshome pages 
Have passion for driving product direction and developing product platforms



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.
 



Read more about our team 

Inside Figma: enterprise explained
Figmas engineering values
Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion

LI-Remote

Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):168,000—350,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 