Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!The Growth team continually refines our understanding of what makes a user successful in Figma. We do both quantitative and qualitative research to more deeply understand a users journey. We also work to make the entire Figma product team more data-driven. That work balances between rapid iteration experiments, long-term strategic bets and improvements to our experimentation infrastructure.
 
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
 
 
What youll do at Figma:

Take shared ownership of the product process. Every member of our team is involved from ideation to implementation
Iterative and quantitative product development
Build high-quality UI. Although we do iterative development, we also keep a high bar for UI polish because our users are designers and the details matter
Build foundational Growth infrastructure for running experiments, tracking user behavior and engaging users.
Provide thoughtful feedback to others on the team
Help interview and recruit more hard working engineers to Figma

 

Wed love to hear from you if you:

At least 3 years working as a professional software engineer 
Demonstrate fluency with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: JavaScript, Java, Python, Ruby, etc
Focus on quantitative outcomes and delivering measurable product improvement
Interest in tackling a wide range of problems and working at all levels of the Figma stack
Being open-minded and compassionate. We brainstorm frequently which means giving and receiving feedback on a lot of ideas. Its important that members of the team can participate in a productive way

 


At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.
 
 



Read more about our team 

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion
Engineering Values
Figmas Musical!

LI-Remote

Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):168,000—350,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 