Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Bringing our users together at events is core to Figmas marketing strategy.  We do this through educational livestreams, product office hours, field events, and more! For us, the biggest events of the year are our global user conferences, Config. 
 
As the Events Operations Manager, youll lead the operations of the events team, creating process and systems to ensure the success across all of our events. Youll own our livestream series — planning and executing the strategy to scale our programs around the world while maintaining and growing the engagement and connection to our community that makes these events so special.  
 
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.

What youll do at Figma:


Own the virtual livestream events program, focusing on: educational livestreams, product launch events, and cross-functional virtual events. 
Lead the production of Config virtual, attracting thousands of attendees and featuring over 50 sessions featuring 100 speakers. 
Own the events team operations, including implementing and owning new tools, developing more streamlined solutions and processes, and identify areas the team can be more efficient as we continue to scale.
Develop event goals and work cross-functionally to track metrics that are critical to the success of all Figma events, such as: promotion tactics, leads, and opportunities created. 
Work closely with the growth  social teams to develop event promotionlaunch plan strategies.
Manage agency relationships for event production and execution. 
Deliver creative and innovative event experiences to engage and delight our users


Some projects you could work on:


Config, our annual conference! 
Figmas livestream series
Collaborating with the marketing team to manage and standardize the Call for Proposals process for our user conferences, working with speakers from around the world.


Wed love to hear from you if you have:


Experience planning large-scale virtual events in a tech andor design focused company. 
Experience managing complex projects. Working with people outside of your team and outside of the company excites you. You like mentoring and collaborating with new people and figuring problems out together.
Great attention to detail. You like managing multiple work streams simultaneously, sweat the small stuff and leave no detail untouched. 
A knack for organization and bringing people into the process with clear visibility into your work. You would represent the Figma brand well from behind-the-scenes event execution to in-person coordination and communication with customers and speakers.
A creative mind who likes bringing new ideas to existing projects and continuously pushes the team to try new things.
Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):109,000—231,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 