Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Were looking for leaders across our engineering org who are excited about the challenges that come with rapid growth, and passionate about connecting people together through a positive and inclusive culture. As an Engineering Manager, youll work closely with your team, designers, PMs, and other engineering leaders to build and ship products and features that support our vision of helping teams and users collaborate. 
 
 
Were currently hiring engineering leaders in the following areas: 
 
 

Developer Experience

The Developer Experience team is responsible for the core build, test, and workflow systems used across Figma. Our mission is to make every engineer at the company happier and more productive! Were improving our Bazel-based build system used by a variety of services, iterating on our cloud-based development environment, making our CI system faster  more reliable, and creating internal tools to make engineering workflows more efficient.
 
Our team is growing in order to ensure that engineering-wide productivity across Figma stays high as we scale. Were looking for thoughtful leaders passionate about improving dev velocity and with experience leading teams focused on internal tools  systems.


 
 


Foundation

Server Platform is at the core of Figmas infrastructure foundation! This area owns the foundational layer of infrastructure that underpins all other infrastructure and application services at Figma. The Foundation team under Server Platform is Infrastructures infrastructure. This team enables the efficient operation and rapid development of reliable infrastructure at Figma through opinionated platforms. 
 
We are building the V2 of Infrastructure and setting key initiatives that will set the tone for infrastructure for the next half decade. Were looking for thoughtful and technical leaders with experience leading teams focused on observability and traffic.

 

 

 
What youll do at Figma:

Manage, support and grow a diverse team of engineers who design and build scalable products and features across Figmas core design tool and FigJam.
Partner with product and engineering leadership to set strategy, priorities, and mission for teams and projects. 
Work closely with Product, Research, Design, Data and other engineering teams to define and build a best-in-class collaboration experiences. 
Establish trust within and across teams by creating accountability and a positive work environment in partnership with other leaders in the organization.
Grow your career in an engaged and creative engineering community.

 
Wed love to hear from you if you have:

2 years of experience managing high output engineering teams
Proven track record of building and shipping high-quality products
A desire to build an inclusive and diverse culture
A passion and unwavering commitment to improving engineering productivity
Experience scaling products and teams in high growth environments

 
At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about engineering leadership at Figma but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for one of our roles!
 
Read more about our team

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
A new collaboration with Adobe
Figmas design systems conference: Schema

LI-RemotePay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):233,000—350,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 