Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!
We prefer to receive applications on RippleMatch. Youll be able to see all of our Early Career roles and apply to any of them from there!
As a Product Design intern at Figma, you will own real impactful projects and take them from ideation to execution. You will work fluidly and collaboratively with the rest of the design team as well as other functions. Because of this, you should have a broad set of design skills and be motivated to learn. Over the course of the summer, youll have the opportunity to ship meaningful contributions to both the company and the product.
You will have a mentor who will work one-on-one with you to make your internship as impactful as possible. You will also get a ton of exposure to the greater design community—were always meeting with other designers and design teams. Youll get to understand what design looks like at all sorts of companies. 
What youll do at Figma:

Own the design from start to finish for impactful features that ship quickly
Collaborate with product, research, marketing, and other functions to identify user and business needs
Work closely with Engineering to ensure a high-quality implementation
Create flows, prototypes, and high-fidelity visuals for your features
Get the opportunity to meet with our users—other designers and design team


Past intern projects

Community co-creators
Comments improvements
Missing fonts management
Billing tools for admins



Wed love to hear from you if you have:

A strong baseline in visual design andor interaction design skills
Interest in design tools and design systems
An eagerness to learn and a track record for being self-driven
Ship projects—either through past internships or other experiences
Can express ideas through prototyping and code



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.



Read more about our team

Design Critiques
Inside Figma: my time as a new grad
Inside Figma: a QA with our 2021 interns and new grads
Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
Design Hiring 101

LI-DNI

Pay Transparency Disclosure
This internship role has the monthly stipend stated below. Figma also offers interns a housing stipend and travel reimbursement. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Internship (Monthly Stipend)7,450—7,450 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 