Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Our Workplace Coordinator will be an integral part of the Workplace team and provide administrative support to the New York hub. This role will be responsible for providing a best-in-class workplace experience for Figmates and visitors and be the first impression for those working out of and visiting our NY hub. Along with reception duties, this role will support internal events to build community and foster inclusivity, as well as work with our vendor partners including our foodsnack program, custodial and mail services. This is an exciting opportunity to help shape the culture of our NY hub and work with many internal teams to establish an excellent employee and visitor experience.
This is a full time in-person role that will be based in our New York hub.
What youll do at Figma:

Greeting visitors and overseeing reception area
Maintaining the general upkeep of the premises
Creating and maintaining internal wiki pages
Overseeing workplace ticket system
Monitor and order inventory for office and breakroom supplies
Managing incoming and outgoing mail and packages
Carry out routine checks to ensure safety and security
Supporting exciting internal events
Help manage local and company-wide safety protocols around COVID-19


Some projects you could work on:

Creating department SOPs
Curating and executing a week-long event for the NY Hub



Wed love to hear from you if you have:

High standards of customer service and hospitality
Proven experience working in a professional office environment
Highly proficient in google applications and Mac support
Corporate IT SaaS application like G-suite, Dropbox, Zoom, Slack, etc
Independent problem-solving, self-directed.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Organizational and time management skills



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team 

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



Pay Transparency DisclosureIf based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the hourly base pay range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Hourly Base Pay Range (SFNY Hub):42.80—62 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 