Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!
We prefer to receive applications on RippleMatch. Youll be able to see all of our Early Career roles and apply to any of them from there!
More than anything, we seek engineers with strong coding fundamentals and a track record of high quality engineering. We work in a highly collaborative environment, where most projects are owned by small groups of 2-3 people. We strive to foster a positive, inclusive culture - you can read more about our engineering values on our blog. If youd like to join us on our mission to make design accessible to all, lets talk!
What youll do at Figma:

Be fully embedded onto an engineering team and assigned technical projects that directly relate to your team and team goals
Work closely with your mentor and team as well as collaborate with other engineers, product managers, designers, and QA to design features and break down high-level goals into tasks and timelines
Build, document and maintain tests, features and infrastructure
Provide thoughtful feedback to others on the team
Ship your projects by the end of your internship!

Past intern projects:

Diagramming Improvements in FigJam
Smart selection
Shared fonts


Wed love to hear from you if you have:

Solid technical knowledge including CS fundamentals and data structures
Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages, including but not limited to: Javascript, Ruby, Python, C, Objective-C, or Java
Ability to communicate technical problems and solutions
Enjoy learning from others and digging into new challenges.
An inclusive and collaborative attitude towards building features and solving problems



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.



Read more about our team 

Inside Figma: a QA with our 2021 interns and new grads
Inside Figma: my time as a new grad
Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design

LI-DNI

Pay Transparency Disclosure
This internship role has the monthly stipend stated below. Figma also offers interns a housing stipend and travel reimbursement. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Internship (Monthly Stipend)8,500—8,500 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 