Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Figma IT is looking for our first AV Manager to help set the gold standard of AV and events for the company.  Using your expertise, youll propose and implement enhancements to our current facilities. Working alongside different teams, your role will ensure the smooth execution of events streamed globally.
This is a full time role that can be held from our San Francisco Hub. 
What youll do at Figma:

Provide onsite AV support, as needed, at our hub locations with occasional alternate or satellite support andor travel
Design, propose, setup and test AV solutions for conference rooms, trainings rooms, and event spaces
Work with stakeholders such as Executive partners, Communications, Workplace and Engagement
Manage third party vendors or contractors to assist with build outs and improvements of existing spaces
Establish processes, workflows and provide recommendationstrends to management 
Create user guides and help train stakeholders on AV systems periodically
Manage the AV budget, including cost tracking, expense forecasting, and cost-effective procurement of equipment and services.


Some projects you could work on:

Build out all hands spaces, board rooms and conference rooms for new offices 
Improve existing equipment in our San Francisco and New York office 
Strategize ways to make our all hands events global and consistent across all offices



Wed love to hear from you if you have:

5  years of experience in the Audiovisual industry in a corporate environment
Expertise with multiple Audiovisual platforms such as Zoom, Zoom Rooms, Google Meet, Microsoft Teams and Huddles etc
Expertise with multiple Audiovisual hardware such as Neat, Crestron, Extron, Logitech, Shure etc
Experience building new conference rooms, boardrooms, training room spaces and event spaces.
Experience in strategizing, thinking critically, solving problems and troubleshooting devices or software
Experience in SaaS application management with Google Workspace, Zoom etc as it pertains to audiovisual integrations
Expert time management skills
Prioritize automation over manual process



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team 

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion

LI-HYBRID


Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):109,000—231,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 