Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!

Core to Figmas success - and heart - is our community! Community is important at Figma and is key to our bottoms up adoption model and organic growth engine. As we scale into new geographies and audiences, we are looking for a leader to help take our community and team to the next level. This leader will be the thread that runs through our community spaces, community engagement and community product, globally. This person will connect the dots across teams and departments; setting strategy, showing impact, supporting cross functional company goals. In addition, this person will lead and grow our community team.
This is a full time role that can be held from our Singapore or Tokyo hub.
What youll do at Figma:
Lead and manage

Set the vision for our JAPAC community programs, and then complete those programs with an eye towards impact!
Manage the best team around  keeping them motivated, engaged, and excited about their career growth
Manage all community data, showing with metrics how community supports the business; report on program successes

Scale community programs

Create a playbook for JAPAC community programs and regional localization, partnering with global community marketing. Formalize our playbook for scaling community in JAPAC as a key part of our bottoms-up go-to-market motion
Optimize our current programs to grow with our audiences
Devise new ways to scale community impact - including programs with influencers and affiliates.
Experiment with new programs for new audiences, including product managers and developers

Drive Community engagement

Create and implement cross functional campaigns to engage our community
Find opportunities to surprise, delight, and show our community members, at scale

Some projects you could work on:

Grow our developer community from zero to one
Pilot influencer marketing at Figma, partnering with our growth team

Wed love to hear from you if you have:

4-7 years community experience and 8-10 years of relevant work experience. 3 years leading teams
Strategic thought leader and ability to influence - ability to articulate a brand vision that gets stakeholders on board  inspires teams and other leaders at the highest levels of the org
Strong collaboration and communication skills
Excel balancing both the analytical and human side of community
Experience working in a high-growth company is preferred

At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyway. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.
 

At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 