Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Figma is looking for a HRIS Program Manager (Integrations) to leverage your technical Workday skills to translate business needs to scalable and repeatable solutions.  We launched Workday in April 2022 with a great foundation - now comes the fun part of automating and enhancing our processes!  You will work on a variety of projects including building out new integrations, BIRT projects, enhancing existing integrations, talent  performance projects, and more.
If youre excited about building for scale and working alongside an amazing people team during a time of growth, this role could be for you!
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
What youll do at Figma:

Partner with stakeholders to understand business requirements, design, configure, test, and launch new features and updates across various modules which can include HCM, integrations, talent  performance, time tracking, and absence
Translate business requirements into creative and simple solutions; drive implementation of these upgrades
In partnership with HRIS manager, strategize on data governance policies and controls and build out an integrations architecture
Configure business processes, build reports, update security groups, and upload data cross Workday modules 
Ensure data integrity across Workday and integrated systems; manage Workday integrations
Document systems processes, procedures, and integrations
Participate in the development of Workday roadmap
Mentor and train People Ops teammates in Workday data updates and light configuration


Some projects you could work on:

New integration builds
Existing integration enhancements
Building an integrations architecture and data governance model
Launch Calibration in Talent  Performance



Wed love to hear from you if you have:

5 years of Workday configuration experience with advanced knowledge of Workday HCM, business processes, security. Strong knowledge of integrations, talent  performance, and time tracking.
Experience in architecting  and troubleshooting integrations between systems - Studio integrations, Core connectors, SFTP, etc; experience with Greenhouse ATS preferred
Experience building out BIRT statements
Experience with data governance and SOX compliance
Ability to translate business needs into technical requirements and effectively communicate Workday specific information to various partner audiences. 
A maker who enjoys finding creative yet simply solutions to automate and streamline processes



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team 

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):119,000—253,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 