Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!
We are looking for a Manager, Strategic Sales to join our dynamic team of creatives, engineers, marketers, and brilliant business folks. You arent the typical sales leader, and we arent the typical design tool company. At Figma we think outside the box, lift constraints that block our imagination everyday and we expect you to do the same. With this role youll get in at the ground floor in a fast growing sales org. Youll lead a team focused on our largest clients in driving meaningful relationships that add value to the customer experience and revenue to our bottom line.
Figma is growing and moving fast. Our next team member will have an agile, dynamic mindset, be comfortable embracing change, a true team-player, and love working with our growing footprint of Fortune 1000 customers. You wont be alone! Figma has an incredible team and youll work closely with other groups including Support, Design, Engineering, Product Marketing, and Community. As our Manager, Strategic Sales, you will lead a team of Strategic Account Executives and Managers  in London responsible for continuing the growth of our top tier accounts. 
What youll do at Figma:

Drive the development of strategic sales roadmaps, prioritizing initiatives, and goals to maximize revenue generation
Present and position our products effectively to C-level executives
Monitor market trends, competitive landscapes, and industry developments to inform strategic sales decisions and adapt strategies as needed
Collaborate closely with the marketing and product teams to ensure they understand and can service the needs of the market and members in the region
Participate in customer and prospect meetings - youre someone who loves getting in front of customers and coaching your team 
Build a diverse team, create and foster an environment of belonging
Be passionate about career development and coaching 
Bring strong sales excellence, process and methodology as we expand and scale the business. 
Lead weekly forecast meetings and mentor the strategic sales team to help exceed their goals

 
Wed love to hear from you if you have:

7 years of sales experience (preferably within SaaS)
3 years of management experience
Experience managing strategic accounts
Understanding of our technical and competitive landscape
Ability to thrive in a constantly changing and evolving environment
Exceptional coaching, writing, discovery and presentation skills
Excitement for increasing customer happiness and developing lasting customer relationships
Proven track record of leading successful and consistent sales team 



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 