Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!
We are looking for an engineering leader to head up our Server Platform Area — a high impact and mission critical area for Figma.  This area owns the foundational layer of infrastructure which underpins all other infrastructure and application services. The key sub-areas are: compute orchestration and deployment, traffic management, infrastructure-as-code, and cost efficiency. 
 
Figma is experiencing rapid growth and unique challenges and to handle these, the Server Platform Area is building the next-generation platform that is highly scalable, observable, reliable, and cost-efficient. This includes investing in cutting-edge technologies like Kubernetes and supporting market-specific deployments.
 
Were hiring a seasoned engineering leader who has experience building and supporting both Engineering managers and Senior level ICs.
 
What youll do at Figma:

As a Director of Engineering for the Server Platform, you will lead an engineering organization, defining and developing the roadmap and technical strategy for our next generation Compute platform for Figma.
Work closely with Engineering Teams to define and build the infrastructure foundation to support a best-in-class collaboration experiences. 
Build a healthy, scalable, inclusive, and growth-oriented engineering organization. Not only help with Server Platform, but also help Infrastructure and Figma Engineering. 
Establish trust within and across teams by creating accountability and a positive work environment in partnership with other leaders in the organization.

 
Wed love to hear from you if you have:


5 years of experience managing individual contributors and engineering managers
Capability to work across team boundaries to get things done. A customer-first mindset that enables you to work effectively with cross-functional peers.
Experience scaling services and teams in a high growth environment. 
Can get engaged in technical and production details. Excited about helping build good production hygiene in the company. 
Mastery in supporting, hiring and growing senior ICs and managers.
A desire to build an inclusive and diverse culture.
Experience in building specialized deployment infrastructure for GovernmentFedRamp will be added benefit. 




LI-Remote


At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team


Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
A new collaboration with Adobe
Figmas design systems conference: Schema




Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):282,000—381,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 