Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!The Core Experience team within Figma Editor delivers the main features that designers use every single day. We are responsible for a broad scope within the heart of our design tool — typographyfonts, vector graphics, layout, importexport, as well as the overall UI for the entire editor. We also work on key features that span multiple teams like Accessibility and Color Management.
As a PM on the Core Experience team, you will help keep Figma beloved by the design community while making it accessible to a broader audience. Because Figma is used by so many of the leading software companies, you will be in a unique position to advance the state of the art for how UX design works across the entire industry.
Were looking for a PM thats excited about the unique challenges the Editor presents. You will work on features that are powerful and flexible enough for professionals, while also keeping the needs of new users in mind. Success is not easily measurable and decisions on core primitives are essentially irreversible, making it hard to rely on testing. And tiny details can matter tremendously when used hundreds of times a day.
In this role youll have the opportunity to work on big ideas for green-field projects, but will also need to enjoy getting into the nitty-gritty details for small improvements in every corner of the Editor. You may explore how AI can help anyone bring their vision to life; but also pore through the technical spec of flex-box to understand how exactly AutoLayout should work so you can make it easier to use, watch our Font Picker render frame by frame to ensure it feels good, or create an intuitive way to design for Display P3 without confusing those who dont know what Color Spaces even are. Most certainly, you would deeply engage with lots of designers to build a strong intuition, so you can make sound decisions without perfect data to guide you.
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
What youll do at Figma:

Talk to customers and get deeply familiar with the various ways that designers use Figma today.
Become an expert in core creation features in Editor and ecosystems our users design towards (like web, mobile and desktop apps).
Work with your team to explore new, innovative feature ideas that amaze and delight designers.
Do all the things youd expect in a PM, like driving planning and prioritization, defining and tracking key metrics, collaborating on marketing, messaging, positioning, and go-to-market plans

Some projects you could work on:

Making  core creation features easier to use, incoporating AI when it makes sense
Exploring concepts for a next generation Figma UI thats easier to use and more scalable.
Find the highest impact improvements to our core creation experiences.

Wed love to hear from you if you:

Have 5 years of PM experience
Have deep user empathy and are able to build relationships with key customers.
Have a design background, or if you have a love of design in general.
Love building complex tools that balance power and flexibility with ease of use.
Have an eye for the details, both in terms of user experience and the technical nuances.
Can balance user research, data analysis, your teams input, and your instincts in the decision making process.
Have an affinity for the fast-paced, changing environment of a start-up, a sense of humor and get-it-done personality

At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):131,000—308,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 