Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Were looking for a Web Designer to join Figmas Brand Studio. This role will support up-leveling our key product surfaces our marketing sites in brand-forward, novel, and unexpected ways while maintaining a focus on accessibility, user experience, research, and growth. Our marketing sites should be customer-centric, highly accessible, performant, and gorgeous and should meet our customers where they are and support them in getting started with making in Figma and FigJam. Were looking to tackle big challenges and make big swings in the next year, and see this role as key to evolving our marketing surfaces in ways that will impress new customers as well as our savvy and engaged audience of designers, developers, and product teams. 
 
To help realize this vision, were looking for a Web Designer thats comfortable working at the intersection of brand, UX, and growth. Our ideal candidate is as passionate about bringing Figmas brand to life on the web as they are in conversion and optimization. Youll establish UX best practices, craft user journeys, evolve our design system, and bring best-in-class web experiences to life alongside collaborators on Brand Studio and our Web Experience teams.
 
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
 

What youll do at Figma:


Own and drive best-in-class UX and design across our marketing websites, from concept through to prototype and production, while upholding high standards for design and product quality
Contribute to overall strategy and decision-making about product direction, using data to inform decisions
Help deliver and refine clear storytelling around product needs and opportunities
Establish best practices for UX across all customer journeys and flows, in partnership with insights from research 
Work cross-functionally with Brand Studio, Web Experience, Growth, and Research peers to balance user needs with business and performance goals
Work with the wider marketing team to propose, design, and run tests to improve conversion
Design and ship high-quality experience and design systems improvements in collaboration with cross-functional teams and engineering


Projects you might work on:


Overhauling our marketing site information architecture to better bring to life our content strategy and serve our customers needs
Collaborating on a custom event web platform, from early ideation to user journeys, all the way through to production
Proposing site content and UX experiments to test, based on known or hypothesized user needs


Wed love to hear from you if you have:


5 years of experience working as a Web Designer
Excitement about the web as a dynamic storytelling surface
Experience in and enthusiasm for the intersection between brand, UX, and growth
Deep knowledge of UX and a11y best practices, patterns, and requirements
Experience crafting best-in-class visual and interaction design, you sweat the details, from responsive design to web typography
A comfort with ambiguous problems and an interest in turning them into clear goals
Experience working with research to run experiments and harness data to drive decision-making
Experience successfully collaborating cross-functionally
The ability to work independently to explore concepts from beginning to end, while seeking healthy feedback loops with your ideas
A generative spirit, and excitement about coming up with novel, simple solutions
Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):119,000—253,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 