Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!
We prefer to receive applications on RippleMatch. Youll be able to see all of our Early Career roles and apply to any of them from there!


Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, create, test, and ship better designs, together. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!
The Business Data Science team at Figma partners directly with our sales, marketing, and finance teams to uncover insights, influence decision making, and apply a data lens to business problems critical to Figmas growth. Our work is diverse and evolving. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work on a wide range of technical challenges from data engineering, analytics, experimentation, and machine learning. We seek data scientists with strong coding and statistics fundamentals and who are excellent communicators among technical and non-technical audiences. 
What youll do at Figma:  

Collaborate with cross-functional teams including Sales, Marketing, Finance, and Engineering to turn business questions into data problems
Evaluate experiments to measure the impact of new initiatives
Define and surface metrics to guide decision making
Communicate and document data logging and requirements
Build models to understand user behavior and predict growth
Provide thoughtful feedback to others on the team

In your first few months, youll:

Work with an onboarding buddy to make your first edits to our data tables and dashboards
Start to build deep context and expertise in Figmas data and product
Deliver your first analysis

Wed love to hear from you if you have:

A strong baseline in statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics or other quantitative field
Experience with R, Python, or similar scripting language
Firm knowledge around statistical methods and models
A self-starting approach along with strong communication and collaboration skills

At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.
Read more about our team

Inside Figma: my time as a new grad
Inside Figma: a QA with our 2021 interns and new grads
Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam

We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please let your recruiter know if you require accommodation.
LI-DNI

Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):140,000—140,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 