Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!As the Director, Learning and Performance, within the Product Support organization, youll have the opportunity to lead three impactful functions: Learning and Content, Quality Assurance, and Resolutions. On the Learning and Content side, you will lead and grow our learning and knowledge base strategies, creating an environment where our team thrives through continuous learning and skill building. Youll oversee the continued development of the Quality Assurance team, further scaling a critical function that is pivotal to providing insights and recommendations on ways to improve the employee and customer experience. On the Resolutions side, youll lead a dynamic team of subject-matter experts who provide real-time support and guidance to our internal teams and own key initiatives aimed at improving customer satisfaction.
We are looking for a seasoned and influential leader to join our team who is passionate about creating a culture where ongoing growth and development thrive alongside a steadfast focus on continuous improvement with the customer journey. 
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
What youll do at Figma:

Craft and communicate a clear vision for the Learning and Performance function on Product Support
Empower teams across Product Support, from Direct Support to Community, to achieve success with their goals by ensuring they have the training and resources they need to provide a consistently stellar customer experience
Develop inclusive and quality training programs, including instructor-led training, self-guided tutorials,  and blended learning approaches
Provide agile solutions to constantly evolving business needs
Design a robust maintenance and continuous improvement strategy to ensure internal content is relevant and consistently meets the evolving needs of the team
Partner with Product and Engineering to ensure internal teams are prepared to effectively support new product and feature launches
Collaborate with internal teams, such as Direct Support, Support Operations, Scalable Support, to deliver a cohesive feature and product training strategy
Mentor and develop the functional leaders of Learning and Content, Resolutions, and Quality Assurance with a focus on skill building and career development
Partner with Support Operations to refine our tooling stack to ensure we have what we need to enhance performance and drive efficiency across the Product Support landscape
Define, implement, and report on key performance metrics, surfacing meaningful insights to our broader Product Support organization and cross-functional partners
Advocate for quality improvements in our product and operational processes through effective storytelling that is backed by qualitative and quantitative data
Partner with the People team to enhance our career development framework for our Product Support functions
Ensure the Resolutions team is equipped to handle critical escalations, providing swift customer responses while keeping internal teams up to speed on progress and issue resolution

 

Wed love to hear from you if you have:

10 years of work experience with a proven track record leading high-performing learning teams and developing leaders across different functional areas
Youve scaled learning functions in hyper-growth environments, preferable supporting a SaaS product
Strong technical capability and written communication skills, with the ability to turn complex ideas into easily understood concepts
A track record of proven learning program effectiveness that contributes to achieving organizational goals
Experience implementing tooling such as: LMS, KMS, QMS
A desire and steadfast approach to continuously improve the customer and employee experience
An analytical mindset and experience using data to drive change and elevate performance



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):212,000—308,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 