Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!As the Director of Scalable Support, youll have the opportunity to bring together and lead two important and impactful pillars of our support organization: Community Support and Product Education. On the Community side, youll help lead and grow our one-to-many support platforms (Twitter, Support Forum, etc.) and moderation strategy, creating a safe and engaging space for our customers to ask questions, share feedback, and learn from each other. On the Product Education side, youll help develop and support our self-service efforts (Help Center, YouTube tutorials, etc.), creating high-quality resources that help customers find quick solutions and teach learners about Figma, design, development, and more. 
What youll do at Figma:

Communicate clear vision and purpose, helping to draw the connection between Scalable Support and our broader company goals.
Build and shape the future of our Scalable Support function, aligning the goals and strategies of our Community and Product Education teams, ensuring we are focused on crafting premium self-service experiences for our customers.
Improve deflection and customer education through effective self-serve, educational content strategy, and other key initiatives, ensuring that we provide a stellar experience throughout the entire customer journey.
Partner with Support Operations on strategic direction and implementation of automation tooling (i.e. AI chatbots, Zendesk triggers, etc.) to improve our contact flow and help our customers self-solve with ease.
Help to drive forward our localization strategies, ensuring our teams are prepared to scale globally.
Define, implement, and report on key performance metrics for Scalable Support, surfacing meaningful insights to our broader Product Support organization and cross functional partners.
Ensure the team is equipped to handle critical issues and incidents, providing swift customer responses and keeping our internal teams up to speed on progress and issue resolution.
Coach and develop our current and up-and-coming leaders with a focus on leadership skills and career development.
Collaborate with cross-functional content teams to drive growth for Figmas YouTube channel.
Deliver quality support on Twitter, our forum, and other community platforms, ensuring our customers experience a responsive and engaging experience.

 

Wed love to hear from you if you have:

10 years of work experience with 4 years experience leading high-performing support teams and developing leaders across multiple geographical locations.
A deep understanding of people leadership with a strong passion for building effective teams and developing talent.
Strong technical capability and written communication skills, with the ability to turn complex ideas into easily understood concepts.
A strong strategic mindset and comfort with navigating ambiguity with the ability to anticipate future trends.
Experience building high performing help centers and community forums.
A desire and steadfast approach to continuously improve the customer and employee experience.
Experience building and leading support initiatives in the constantly evolving growth and excitement of a start-up culture.
Familiarity with design processes and tools are a plus!



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team 

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):212,000—308,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 