Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!At Figma, we believe in the power of creating events for our users to learn from each other, both in the browser and in real life. Were looking for someone to help us scale our events programming to bring our users stories to life and create engaging experiences for our attendees.
As the Events Content Strategist, youll  own the events programming strategy and speaker management operations for all of Figmas virtual and in-person events. Youll be a part of the Marketing Team and partner closely with Sales, Product Marketing, and the Design Advocate team to connect the stories of our communitycustomers with our global and field events strategy. 
Our Events team runs Figmas global conferences, like Config and Schema, and hosts over 75 additional events a year — ranging from customer livestreams to product office hours to field meetups. From speaker selection to content reviews and training, the Events Content Strategist is instrumental in crafting Figma events customers love. 
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
What youll do at Figma: 

Work with customers to craft thoughtful and compelling content for events. 
Develop the strategy and process for identifying and preparing event speakers from the ground up.
Work closely with speakers to help craft their talks and presentations based on specific event goals.
Develop close relationships with cross-functional partners and customers to identify potential speakers for Figma events, including conferences and livestreams. 
Lead content reviews with internal committees, providing thoughtful feedback on presentations.
Build a process from scratch to track and manage past, current, and potential speakers. 
Develop the Call for Proposals process for conferences based on the needs of each unique event.
Create clear, concise, and helpful communication to ensure speakers are prepared and have the resources they need to be successful. 

Wed love to hear from you if you have:

A knack for crafting stories and presentations. 
Programming experience, including working with customersspeakers to provide direction and feedback on presentationstalks.
Events experience, working with speakers on conferences or external-facing events. 
Great attention to detail. You like managing information, sweat the small stuff and leave no detail untouched.
A knack for organization and bringing people into the process with clear visibility into your work. You would represent the Figma brand well from behind-the-scenes event execution to in-person coordination and communication with customers and speakers.
A creative mind who likes bringing new ideas to existing projects and continuously pushes the team to try new things.
A love of bringing people together. Working with people outside of your team and outside of the company excites you. You like collaborating with new people and figuring problems out together.
Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):109,000—231,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 