Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!We are looking for an experienced Data Engineer to partner with our Data Science and Data Infrastructure teams to own and scale our data pipelines. Youll also work closely with stakeholders across business teams including sales, marketing, and finance to ensure that the data they need arrives promptly and reliably. Youll play an integral role in building the metrics and self-serve reporting capabilities to unlock Figmas next phase of growth.
 
This is a great role for an individual who is passionate about working with data and data systems, and who loves solving problems. Youll have a good sense for when it makes sense to build fast, scrappy solutions to unblock a key stakeholder vs. when to push back or bring in an outside service. The ideal candidate will be a great communicator who can help coordinate across multiple internal and external teams and takes pride in building end-to-end projects.
 
What Youll Be Doing:

Own, build, and maintain scalable data pipelines that connect various cloud data sources.
Develop a deep understanding of Figmas core data models and optimize data pipelines for scale.
Partner with the Data Science and Data Infrastructure teams to build new foundational data sets that are trusted, well understood, and enable self-service.
Work with a wide range of cross-functional stakeholders to build solutions to address their data needs.
Establish best practices for the development of specialized data sets for analytics and modeling. 

Were looking for someone with:

3 years in a relevant field
Fluency with both SQL and Python
Familiarity with Snowflake, dbt, and ETLreverse ETL tools.
Excellent judgment and creative problem solving skills
A self-starting mindset along with strong communication and collaboration skills

Read more about our team:

https:www.figma.comblogcross-functional-data-science-user-research-figma
https:www.figma.combloghow-we-use-data
https:www.figma.comblogfrom-experiment-to-launch-how-data-shaped-a-new-comments-experience

LI-RemoteAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 