Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Figma is looking for a Manager, Americas Sales Enablement to join our dynamic team of creatives, engineers, marketers, and brilliant business folks. As our Manager, Americas Sales Enablement you will be responsible for ongoing enablement of our largest global sales team. Key skills we are building and reinforcing include deal qualification, discovery, value realization and executive presentation capabilities. Additionally, this role will be responsible for partnering with our Director, Customer Experience to build out technical training for our Solutions Architects and Onboarding teams.  
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
What youll do at Figma:

You will support our continued growth and the evolution of our Americas Sales Team.
You will work closely with Americas Sales Leadership to design, build and execute on-going enablement programs for the Americas Sales Team. These programs will include weekly coaching sessions, as well as larger enablement programs.  
You will also work closely with the leaders of our Customer Experience and Solutions Architects teams to design, build and deliver on-going enablement training for these teams.   This will include product training, ongoing technical enablement as well as Figma demo training.  
You will build and lead a team that is responsible for:

Diagnosing what obstacles our teams are facing in selling Figma and making customers successful
Building repeatable sales motions, processes and playbooks that make us more effective as a team
Producing, curating and maintaining content to support our sales motions and playbooks
Program managing our ongoing sales trainings and sales programming (enablement calls, all hands, etc.) and owning our enablement calendar globally
Facilitating successful training sessions and sales programming 
Measuring the effectiveness of our selling motions in order to change and optimize our efforts




Some projects you could work on:

Have a seat at the table with Americas Sales Leadership to help us think through how our selling motions should evolve as our platform and user base grows
Launch a new enablement curriculum for our Solutions Architecture team
Ongoing evolution of Figmas Value Selling methodology
Designing enablement curriculum for all 3 tiers of our selling organization: Enterprise, Mid-Market and SMB



Wed love to hear from you if you have:

A desire to be a key architect for growth at one of the most exciting software companies of the current era
A passion for sales, technology and helping to design new selling motions
Enthusiasm for helping sellers build deep customer relationships by continually delivering value
A deep understanding of sales methodologies such as Command of the Message and MEDDICC
A desire to lead from the front and demonstrate how to effectively build customer relationships and deliver results
Success with mentoring, developing and recruiting top talent



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team 

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):159,000—253,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 