Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Solutions Architects at Figma play a critical role in the success of our customers by helping demonstrate the value of the Figma platform and painting the vision of whats technically possible. They marry their technical abilities and deep product knowledge with strong storytelling skills as they partner with customers externally and customer-facing teams internally to drive impact. 
 
We are looking for a Manager to lead a team of Solutions Architects across AMER. You employ a proactive approach to coaching and developing your team, empowering them to run with it. You will help define and execute our strategy for how we engage with customers, influence new business, and scale for greater impact. You are an effective cross-functional partner and will build strong relationships across Sales, Product, and Marketing. 
 
Figma is growing and moving fast. Our next team member will have an agile, dynamic mentality, be comfortable embracing change, be a true team-player, and love working with our growing footprint of Fortune 1000 customers. You will report directly to our Sr. Director of Customer Experience. We look forward to meeting you!
 

This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.

 
What youll do at Figma:

Lead and motivate a diverse team of Solutions Architects across regions in AMER.
Participate in customer and prospect meetings alongside your team
Assist in continual training and development, including mentorship, hiring, and career growth
Work cross-functionally to help define and execute our technical pre- and post-sales strategy
Build and implement programs that help scale our Solutions Architects and drive greater impact for our customers
Monitor team performance and support them in exceeding their goals

 
Wed love to hear from you if this sounds like you:

6 years in a customer-facing technical role within SaaS, supporting customers both pre- and post-sales 
2 years of management experience
You have strong team leadership and coaching ability as demonstrated by prior experience as a direct manager of teams
You are an exceptional written and verbal communicator with strong presentation skills
You have an excitement for increasing customer happiness and developing lasting customer relationships
You execute with excellence and have a track record of consistently creating positive impact
You embody our values and can thrive in a constantly evolving and growing environment
Have experience using or working with Figma or strong product acumen and the ability to quickly develop proficiency




At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring thoughtful, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):175,000—279,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 