Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!We are looking for an experienced Program Manager to partner with our internal recruiting team to scale our data pipelines and lead our talent technology management and roadmap. Youll work closely with recruiting team leaders to ensure that the data we need arrives promptly and reliably. Youll act as our talent technology product manager overseeing all aspects of our technology ecosystem ensuring the configurations, functionality and permissions align with our teams needs as well as our security and compliance requirements.
This is a great role for an individual who is passionate about working with distributed data, has experience configuring a complex technology ecosystem, and who loves solving problems. You should have a good sense for when it makes sense to build fast, scrappy solutions to unblock a key stakeholder vs. when to push back. The ideal candidate will be a great communicator who can help coordinate across multiple internal and external teams and takes pride in building end-to-end projects.
What youll do at Figma:

Build and provide ongoing recruiting system architecture and roadmaps to ensure our recruiting capability remains world class
Drive democratization (data access to everyone in Talent and eventually People) of our data through creation of data pipelines that are trusted, well understood, and enable self-service.
Establish best practices for the development of specialized data sets for analytics and modeling.
Drive our recruiting technology roadmap and governance  maintenance
Manage our vendor relationships


Wed love to hear from you if you have:

Have experience building recruiting technology ecosystems at scale or other ecosystems of similar size and complexity
You have a proven grasp of how to extract, transform and load data between systems and have a strong interest in how to connect our data sources, collect the data and ingest it into a cloud based repository
Are driven by impact. You are willing to work on grungy problems if they have a high impact on our recruiting business or the health of the infrastructure.
Care deeply about the quality of the data  software  systems you manage. You have an artisan mentality and are always looking to improve your craft. At the same time you are able to strike the right balance between idealism and pragmatism.
Have excellent problem solving skills. You use a systematic and thorough approach. You think from first principles and have a bias for action.
Have excellent technical communication skills.
Finally, Figma is a close-knit company with a strong culture that promotes inclusivity and collaboration, taking ambitious goals and having fun doing so. You deeply value these traits and see yourself actively contributing to it.

Were looking for someone with:

5 years in a relevant field
Experience with Snowflake, ETLreverse ETL tools
Proficiency in configuration, governance and management of recruiting technology including Greenhouse, Gem and Workday or technology ecosystems of similar complexity
Fluency with SQL (experience in Python or R scripting language a )
BPM design and implementation experience
Excellent judgment and creative problem solving skills
A self-starting mindset along with strong communication and collaboration skills



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):119,000—253,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 