Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!We are now looking for an Enterprise Solutions Architect to help Figma rapidly move up market and drive deals within large, complex enterprise companies. In this role, you will serve as a technical and customer-facing resource, responsible for defining processes and programs that enhance scalability and represent Figma from a technical standpoint.
This is a full-time role that will report to our Manager of Enterprise Solutions Architects and can be held in the U.S. 
What youll do at Figma:

Paint the vision of the Figma Platform and guide customers in realizing the value through product demonstrations and presentations.
Support the Sales team by addressing Figma platform questions and showcasing how Figma accelerates digital product delivery to prospective customers (pre-sales) and existing customers (post-sales).
Own the customer IT and Security relationship during the deal cycle by addressing security questionnaires, RFIs, RFPs, identity and enterprise questions.
Collaborate with Product and Support to identify opportunities for enhancing account security through new product features and help influence the product roadmap.
Strengthen Figmas security reputation by understanding customer concerns about data access and working with product and legal teams to resolve findings.
Design and scale technical sales efforts, facilitating conversations and connections between our customers, sales and product teams.
Create thoughtful content to delight customers and internal partners surrounding the Figma platform.
Collaborate with amazing Figmates to hone your craft and execute daily.  We are looking for fantastic life-long learners who can operate with autonomy.


Wed love to hear from you if you have:


8 years professional experience
4 years of sales engineering or solution consulting experience in a SaaS organization
Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly
Excellent communication skills within a variety of audiences and a knack for delivering compelling presentations and product demonstrations
Familiarity with the enterprise SaaS ecosystem
Has been responsible for positioning technology presales and implementing technology post-sales
Ability to prioritize competing demands from customers and balance their needs against those of the business

At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.


Read more about our team 

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):119,000—279,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 