Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!The Strategic Finance team is focused on solving some of Figmas most pressing business issues. The team is responsible for owning the companys budget, driving annual and quarterly planning processes, allocating and deploying the companys resources efficiently, performing financial analyses, and partnering with teams across the company. The role requires someone who is highly analytical and strategic, a great communicator, approaches problems in a structured manner, and is comfortable with ambiguity. Youll get substantial visibility, focus on the highest-priority business issues, and be plugged into every facet of the business.  
 
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs (SF  NY) or remotely in the United States.
What youll do at Figma:

Develop cross-functional partnerships with Leadership across the company to review investment opportunities, growth levers, and align on a resourcing model
Drive culture of performance management with real time dashboards, KPIs, and insights into emerging trends
Build annual operating plans, quarterly and monthly financial forecasts (including headcount and expense), and ongoing analysis of performance and investment to highlight trends, opportunities, and causes of unexpected variances
Prepare and deliver presentations for the Executive Team

 

Wed love to hear from you if you have:

An ability to distill complex issues into structured frameworks and develop concrete action plans
A highly entrepreneurial roll up your sleeves mindset
Strong financial modeling experience and a willingness to dig into the details 
Deep understanding of B2B SaaS businesses, metrics, and customer lifecycle
Excellent presentation and written skills and the ability to simplify messaging while understanding the nuances
3-5 years of relevant experience in investment banking, private equity, Strategic Finance, Business Operations, or related fields
Experience at a high growth B2B SaaS business w extra points for self-serve
SQL experience preferred



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team 

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):131,000—231,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 