Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!


Figma is looking for a Business Development Representative to join our dynamic team of creatives, engineers, marketers, and brilliant business folks. This role is a great fit for new graduates, career changers, or those with up to one year of experience in Sales. At Figma, we think outside the box, lift constraints that block our imagination daily, and expect you to do the same. As a Business Development Representative on our Sales Development team, you will be responsible for prospecting into new accounts and partnering with Account Executives to kick off new customer relationships. Your meetings will directly contribute to our growing sales pipeline of Mid-Market and Enterprise customers. 

Figma is growing and adjusting quickly. Our next team member will have a, dynamic mindset, will work collaboratively, and be energized by working with our diverse customer base. If those qualities resonate, you wont be alone! Figma has an incredible team, and youll work cross-functionally with groups like Sales Operations  Enablement, Marketing Operations, and Community.

What youll do at Figma:

Generate interest in Figmas platform by cold-calling and emailing prospective customers
Identify and analyze target prospects based on market, firmographic, and product signals
Hit specific daily and monthly activity metrics to help progress toward revenue goals
Write and improve on prospect messaging 
Establish relationships with key stakeholders within Figmas target Enterprise and Mid-Market accounts


Wed love to hear from you if you have:

Motivation to pursue a career in sales
An eye for detail with excellent written and verbal communication skills
A growth mindset and are able to act on feedback quickly 
Strong organization and time-management skills as youll be working with hundreds of prospects simultaneously 
Interest in the SaaS space
Held an internship in sales andor business development
Have prior experience with Salesforce, Outreach, and other prospecting tools


At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.


Read more about our team

QA with our Global Sales Team
Collaborating and Connecting in FigJam
QA with our Interns and New Grads
Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design





Pay Transparency DisclosureIf based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the hourly base pay range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Hourly Base Pay Range (SFNY Hub):30.40—30.40 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 