Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!We are looking for an Enterprise Solutions Architect to help Figma rapidly move up market and drive deals within large, complex enterprise companies. You will have the ability to be a technical and customer facing resource that defines processes and programs that help us scale and better represent Figma from a technical standpoint.
This is a full-time role that will report to our Manager of Enterprise Solutions Architects and can be held from our London, UK Hub.
What youll do at Figma:

Partner with customer support team to identify opportunities to introduce new product features that reduce account takeover risk and work with product teams to implement
Develop an understanding of customer concerns around data access and strengthen Figmas security stance and perception with customers
Partner with product and legal teams to review new features and usage of customer data to ensure Figma is making decisions that encourage customer trustActively support our pre-sales team as they respond to ongoing customer security inquiries and reviews
Work cross-functionally with enterprise customer IT departments and enable them to securely deploy Figma
Proactively identify product gaps and opportunities to ensure Figma is securely deployed and exceed industry standards
Design and scale our technical sales efforts, build scalable bridges between sales and product, and help shape product roadmap to support our customers as they grow.


Wed love to hear from you if you have:

8 years professional experience 
4 years of sales engineering or solution consulting experience in a SaaS organization
Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly
Excellent communication skills within a variety of audiences and a knack for delivering compelling presentations and product demonstrations
Familiarity with the enterprise SaaS ecosystem
Ability to prioritize competing demands from customers and balance their needs against those of the business
Speak an additional language, preferably German or French



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team:

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 