Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Our Creation Engine teams work on some of the core technologies that power our real time, browser-based Figma Design and FigJam products.  These teams work mostly (but not exclusively) on client-side code that runs in the browser.  Under the hood, Figma shares a lot of similarities to a game engine.  We develop this CWebAssembly engine to ensure internal and external developers can rapidly build new products and features that are fast and reliable by default. Were always looking for ways to make our platform more extensible, more performant, less resource intensive, and more reliable.  We own areas such as our in-memory data model (SceneGraph), renderer, multiplayer clientserver protocols, and plugins and REST API.
 
Figma is a highly collaborative organization and most projects are owned by small teams of 2-3 people. Youll form strong relationships with product managers and designers, and can expect to partner regularly with engineers and leaders beyond your immediate team. We strive to foster an inclusive culture that promotes equity and belonging, and use the following values to guide how we work together: communicate early and often, lift your team, focus on craftsmanship, and prioritize impact. You can learn more about our engineering values and how we developed them here.
 
This is a full-time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
What youll do at Figma:
In 30 days, you will

Be paired with an onboarding buddy on your team who will help you ramp in our codebase and get to know Figma. Youll move from starter tasks meant to familiarize you with our workflows to joining your teammates on larger projects.
Get to know your Figmates across the company via team building activities, participating in our Give a Fig philanthropy efforts, joining one of our Employee Resource Groups, creating something amazing during Maker Week, or having hangs over Zoom (or in person once were back in one of our San Francisco or New York hubs).

In 60 days, you will

Work closely with teammates and partners in Engineering, Product, Design, Marketing, User Research, and Data Science to build new features and achieve roadmap goals. We prioritize collaboration and cross-functional partnerships, so you wont operate in silos.
Craft performance objectives with your manager that align to company priorities and career development opportunities.
Help grow Figma by interviewing candidates for teams across the Engineering organization.

In 90 days(and beyond), you will

Be a mentor and provide thoughtful feedback to your peers, and benefit from strong personal and professional mentorship opportunity yourself.
Contribute to org-wide initiatives like new hire onboarding, developing interview processes, and Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion efforts.
Continue ramping and learning. The technical challenges youll tackle on a Creation Engine team are unique, fun, ambitious, and ever-evolving.

Some projects you could work on:

Modularizing our CWasm engine to support new features in Figma Design and FigJam, as well as unlocking the development of future products
Extending our multiplayer protocol to enable more advanced editing and collaboration modes across files
Creating frameworks to maintain performance and memory standards across our products —we want to keep pushing the limits of what its possible to create in a browser while maintaining a highly performant UX
Improving our file load times by dynamically loading needed content, optimizing our client-server protocols, and exploring ways to allow users to interact with files earlier
Optimizing our renderer in order to increase frame rate during periods of heavy interaction with FigJam
Providing rich abstractions and APIs between our ReactTypescript and CWasm engine.
Expanding the way our users can extend the functionality of our products through plugins and widgets, our REST API, as well through new ML-powered extensibility features


Wed love to hear from you if you have:

At least 8 years of professional experience shipping features or products with specialization in web frontend frameworks and CWasm, and operating in a tech lead capacity
Experience working on game engines, client side technologies and platforms, API productsintegrations, or developer tools
Demonstrated fluency with one or more programming languages, including but not limited to: TypeScriptJavascript, C, Python, Java, Objective-C, Go, or Rust
Proactive communication skills and a desire to work in a collaborative environment
An interest in mentorship, learning from others, and digging into new challenges
An inclusive approach towards building features, solving problems, investing in culture, and growing teams

Our end to end process will cover, at a high level: 

An initial non-technical call with a recruiter.
A live practical technical screen with an engineer using the programming language of your choice.
A video-based conversation with the manager of your potential team.
A fully virtual onsite interview with both technicalcoding and non-technicaldiscussion-based areas of focus.



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team: 

How to build a plugin system on the web and also sleep well at night
How Figmas multiplayer technology works
Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma

LI-Remote


Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):175,000—350,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 