Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!We are looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join our growing team. In this role, you will partner directly with senior engineering leaders to tackle the infrastructure challenges that comes with Figmas rapid user growth. Through the lens of data, you will translate these challenges to user experience and business impact, and guide teams to prioritize investments. The ideal candidate is someone who is passionate about the infrastructure domain, has a strong track record of using data to influence strategy, and feels excited about creative problem-solving in new, under-defined problem areas.
 
What Youll Be Doing:

Leverage data to understand how user behavior affects infrastructure systems (and vice versa)
Design and evaluate experiments to help teams quantify impact and inform future product iteration
Design and surface metrics and frameworks to guide engineering decisions
Develop new techniques, datasets and tools that will enable answering previously unanswered questions and discover new areas of opportunity
Collaborate with and influence leadership so that your work directly impacts infrastructure strategy and roadmap
Establish partnerships with cross-functional teams including Engineering, Product, Research, Design, Sales, and Marketing

Were looking for someone with:

5 years relevant work experience in Analytics, Data Science or Software Engineering
Fluency in SQL
Proficiency in Python, R or similar scripting language
Experience in distributed data processing systems (Hive, Redshift, Presto, Snowflake, etc)
Firm knowledge around statistical methods and experiment design
Excellent judgment and creative problem solving skills
A self-starting mindset along with strong communication and collaboration skills

 
Read more about our team:

https:www.figma.comblogcross-functional-data-science-user-research-figma
https:www.figma.combloghow-we-use-data
https:www.figma.comblogfrom-experiment-to-launch-how-data-shaped-a-new-comments-experience
Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):144,000—308,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 