Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!Figma is looking for a Director, Sales Enablement to join our dynamic team of creatives, engineers, marketers, and brilliant business folks. The Sales Enablement Team is at the nexus of our go-to-market strategy, and as our Director, Sales Enablement, you will be a key architect to our growth.  In this role, you will accelerate the onboarding of newly hired reps, support our entire Sales team to meet and exceed attainment numbers, continue elevating the skills of our senior sales reps, and accelerate the overall ARR growth of Figma. You will lead a 10 person global team, including other people-managers, and help us continue to build and grow a world-class Sales organization.
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
What youll do at Figma:

You will support our continued growth and the evolution of our solutions offerings, we are seeing a highly motivated and experienced sales enablement leader with a strong sales or solutions consulting background to join our team.  
You will be in charge of the successful enablement of our global sales organization including sales reps, account managers, solutions architects, customer experience managers  and sales leadership
You will be responsible for our sales enablement strategy and helping us define and prioritize initiatives that will support our go to market strategies. 
You will build and lead a team that is responsible for:

Diagnosing what obstacles our teams are facing in selling Figma and making customers successful
Building repeatable sales motions, processes and playbooks that make us more effective as a team
Producing, curating and maintaining content to support our sales motions and playbooks
Program managing our ongoing sales trainings and sales programming (enablement calls, all hands, etc.) and owning our enablement calendar globally
Facilitating successful training sessions and sales programming 
Measuring the effectiveness of our selling motions in order to change and optimize our efforts

You will drive progress towardsKPIs such as:

New hire ramp and time to first deal
Sales team attainment
Customer retention and expansion
Feedback from Figmas customer and user community on our sales engagements


Some projects you could work on:

Architect our selling motions across all regions (AMER, EMEA, APAC, Japan) and segments (Strategic, Enterprise, Mid-market, SMB, and Scale) 
Provide guidance to cross-functional partners (product, marketing, engineering, finance, etc.) on our sales motion, and what assets, content, capabilities and resources are needed to help us evolve and improve our approach to be more effective
Have a seat at the table with Sales Leadership  in helping us think through how our selling motions should evolve as our platform and user base grows
Assess and optimize our sales technology stack to enhance productivity and improve customer experience

Wed love to hear from you if you have:

A desire to be a key architect for growth at one of the most exciting software companies of the current era
A passion for sales, technology and helping to design new selling motions
Enthusiasm for helping sellers build deep customer relationships by continually delivering value
A deep understanding of sales methodologies such as Command of the Message and MEDDICC
A desire to lead from the front and demonstrate how to effectively build customer relationships and deliver results
Experience as a sales or sales engineering leader who has effectively built teams for scale.   
Success with mentoring, developing and recruiting top talent
Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):212,000—330,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 