Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!
Figma is adding to our team of passionate people who are revolutionizing the world of design. We are building a browser-based design tool that looks and feels as good as a native application and has all the additional power and advantages that come from being built upon the web platform. If youre looking to work at a company that is building the future of design tools, welcome to Figma.
 
Figma is looking for a Manager, Enterprise Sales to join our dynamic team of creatives, engineers, marketing wizards, and brilliant business folks. You arent the typical sales leader, and we arent the typical design tool company. At Figma we think outside the box, lift constraints that block our imagination everyday and we expect you to do the same. With this role youll get in at the ground floor in a fast growing sales org. Youll consult with our existing customer base and potential customers in driving meaningful relationships that add value to the customer experience and revenue to our bottom line.
 
Figma is growing and moving fast. Our next team member will have an agile, dynamic mindset, be comfortable embracing change, a true team-player, and love working with our growing footprint of Fortune 1000 customers. You wont be alone! Figma has an incredible team and youll work closely with other groups including Support, Design, Engineering, Product Marketing, Customer Success, and Community. As Manager, Enterprise Sales, you will lead a team of Account Executives responsible for continuing the growth of our Enterprise products. You will report directly to our Head of Sales. 
 
 What Youll Do

Lead a team of motivated and diverse individuals to foster an environment of success
Participate in customer and prospect meetings
Assist in continual training and development, including mentorship, hiring and career growth
Help shape and further develop sales processes and initiatives
Interview, hire and train new team members as we scale the business and company
Deliver weekly forecast meetings and advise Account Executives on strategies to help exceed their goals

 
Were looking someone with:

7 years of sales experience (preferably within SaaS)
2 years of management experience
Understanding of our technical and competitive landscape
Ability to thrive in a constantly changing and evolving environment
Exceptional coaching, writing, discovery and presentation skills
Excitement for increasing customer happiness and developing lasting customer relationships
Proven track record of leading successful and consistent sales team 



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.




Read more about our team:

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion



Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):127,500—209,500 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 