Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!As a Program Manager supporting Belonging, Equity  Impact, youll support Figmas most precious resource--its employees. Youll be a key member of the People team--acting as a strategic partner; youll use your experience and creativity to build programs, systems, processes and resources to further embed BEI principles into our daily practices to enable Figmates to learn, grow, and thrive. 
As a strategic advisor, you will lead by example; your mentorship, communication, patience and insights will help foster our mission to make Figma a deeply inclusive environment. Youll work to deliver programs that let us develop and inspire Figmates, partnering closely across the People teams, Employee Resource Groups, and wider employees.  Partner with the Head of BEI to collect and synthesize the needs of Figmates, analyze data, and create and execute on program roadmaps to help us make more inclusive business and employee decisions. Youll have the chance to create a lasting impact while helping others learn and grow.
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our hubs in EMEA or JAPAC.
What youll do at Figma:

Collaborate with the People Teams and business leaders to define processes, timelines and expectations of managers and employees in regards to BEI efforts
Advise the People Team on how BEI should be interwoven with critical business milestones and be a motivator of change, focusing on prioritization of efforts that align to key business and employee initiatives
Bolster our company culture in all interactions by modeling and instilling our values and promoting a culture of healthy communication
Collaborate with People Org counterparts to provide consistent and cohesive execution of BEI programs 
Work alongside the greater People Team to supply insights, data, and feedback on core people programs and employee engagement
Partner with Recruiting and People Partners on resource planning and headcount management as it pertains to representation and equity

Wed love to hear from you if you have:

Experience in a relevant Recruiting, People Partner, and or BEI role in a rapidly growing company
Experience managing global projects, specifically in APAC
Strong and broad capability across PM proficiencies, including intake, qualitative and quantitative data synthesis, prioritization, creating resources like RACIs, project program plans, and change management plans
Demonstrated ability to not only create but execute on a plan end to end, and iterate as the needs change and company scales 
Prioritize collaboration as well as action, ensuring commitment from partners and building trust 
Passionate and pragmatic champion of diversity, equity and inclusion throughout all people programs
Superb oral and written communicator to many different audiences; you read the room and can be trusted to message anything with care and confidence
Detailed and discreet - people can trust you with sensitive information

At Figma, one of our values is Grow As You Go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.
Read more about our team

Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
How work is changing at Figma
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam
Software Design Startup Figma Is Now Worth 10 Billion

LI-CF1At Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 