Figma is growing our team of passionate people on a mission to make design accessible to all. Born on the Web, Figma helps entire product teams brainstorm, design and build better products — from start to finish. Whether its consolidating tools, simplifying workflows, or collaborating across teams and time zones, Figma makes the design process faster, more efficient, and fun while keeping everyone on the same page. From great products to long-lasting companies, we believe that nothing great is made alone—come make with us!

Were looking for a leader for our Machine Learning Engineering team that is bringing cutting-edge Machine Learning and AI technology to Figmas industry-leading design and collaboration products. You will be leading a team that is driving fundamental and applied research in this area, combining industry best practices and a first-principles approach to design and build ML models and infrastructure that will improve Figmas products. You will be building, leading and supporting a world-class team of ML Engineers to bring this innovative research to a new space and support Figma users all over the world.
This is a full time role that can be held from one of our US hubs or remotely in the United States.
What youll do at Figma:

Manage a team of ML Engineers that are driving fundamental and applied research in MLAI. You and the team will explore the boundaries of what is possible with the current technology set
Hire and develop a world-class team of engineers
Combine industry best practices and a first-principles approach to design and build ML models and infrastructure
Work in concert with other product and infrastructure engineers to improve Figmas design and collaboration products


Wed love to hear from you if you have:

8 years of experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, recommendation systems, natural language understandinggeneration or artificial intelligence
2 years of experience managing high-performing engineering andor applied research teams
Experience building and productionizing ML models within highly used products and services
Advanced education in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, relevant technical field OR relevant experience preferred 
Experience communicating and working across functions to drive solutions
Experience in mentoringinfluencing senior engineers across organizations
Proven track record of planning multi-year roadmap in which shorter-term projects ladder to the long-term vision



At Figma, one of our values is Grow as you go. We believe in hiring smart, curious people who are excited to learn and develop their skills. If youre excited about this role but your past experience doesnt align perfectly with the points outlined in the job description, we encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this or other roles.



Read more about our team


Figmas VP of Design, Noah, presenting on our ML roadmap at our annual conference, ConFig
Fast Company awarded Figma the General Excellence award in the 2023 Innovation by Design category
Investing in Figma: The Decade of Design
Figmas next product is a multiplayer whiteboard called FigJam


LI-PM3
LI-Remote



Pay Transparency Disclosure
If based in Figmas San Francisco or New York hub offices, this role has the annual base salary range stated below.  
Job level and actual compensation will be decided based on factors including, but not limited to, individual qualifications objectively assessed during the interview process (including skills and prior relevant experience, potential impact, and scope of role), market demands, and specific work location. The listed range is a guideline, and the range for this role may be modified. For roles that are available to be filled remotely, the pay range is localized according to employee work location by a factor of between 80 and 100 of range. Please discuss your specific work location with your recruiter for more information. 
Figma offers equity to employees, as well a competitive package of additional benefits, including health, dental  vision, retirement with company contribution, parental leave  reproductive or family planning support, mental health  wellness benefits, generous PTO, company recharge days, a learning  development stipend, a work from home stipend, and cell phone reimbursement.  Figma also offers sales incentive pay for most sales roles. Figmas compensation and benefits are subject to change and may be modified in the future.Annual Base Salary Range (SFNY Hub):233,000—372,000 USDAt Figma we celebrate and support our differences. We know employing a team rich in diverse thoughts, experiences, and opinions allows our employees, our product and our community to flourish. Figma is an equal opportunity workplace - we are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identityexpression, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
We will work to ensure individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. If you require accommodation, please reach out to accommodations-extfigma.com.
By applying for this job, the candidate acknowledges and agrees that any personal data contained in their application or supporting materials will be processed in accordance with the applicable candidate section of Figmas Privacy Policy. 