Grow the Flexport Capital business
The opportunity
Flexport helps more than 10,000 clients and suppliers lead all aspects of their supply chain operations. Each of these customers faces significant working capital burdens that hamper their ability to grow their businesses. Since Inception, Flexport Capital has provided over 700 million in loans to Flexport customers to address these needs. Our non-dilutive capital products empower businesses to grow and bridge their working capital needs while maintaining ownership and control. As a start-up within a start-up, were developing unique fintech products that leverage the resources and data of Flexports platform for global trade.
We are seeking an entrepreneurial and financially savvy individual to join our tight-knit team. They will own sourcing, prospecting, and deal generation and serve as a financial consultant to Flexport clients that are looking to leverage Flexport Capital for their working capital needs. Due to the early-stage nature of the Flexport Capital business, they will also have a key role leading and executing cross-functional strategic projects related to growth strategy and sales operations. If you have a Whatever it takes attitude and are willing to go the extra mile then this could be the role for you!
You Will:

Execute outbound sourcing and prospecting initiatives through multiple channels (social and professional networks, third party databases, email, cold calls, text, news, etc.) in order to drive deal flow for Business Development Leads  Managers
Support Sales and Client Solutions teams to cross-sell Flexport Capital products to existing Flexport customs customers
Rapidly learn and pitch Flexport Capitals vision, products and value propositions
Improve Flexport Capitals prospecting Playbook and build processes to optimize sales funnels
Provide regular updates to leadership on sales performance and pipeline data
Support strategic projects across business development, sales operations and marketing partnerships

You Should Have:

2-5 years in sales  sales development for a financial services andor technology company, previous startup experience is a plus
Demonstrated passion for financial technology and the future of embedded financial services
Strong sales instincts, results-focused, and a track record hitting and exceeding quota
Competitive and creative drive to win over customers and internal stakeholders
Proven success building and maintaining long-term commercial relationships
Ability to lead cross-functional initiatives and collaborate across business lines
Excellent communication skills;  ability to present to C level executives in a seamless way
Ability to work both independently and collaboratively as part of a team while managing multiple priorities in a fast paced environment
Familiarity with financial statements and working capital
BABS required; undergraduate degree in Accounting, Business, Economics, or Finance strongly preferred. Strong technical skills  Excel required. Salesforce CRM, Outreach and SQL is a plus
Independent, ambitious and self-motivated

About Flexport:
At Flexport, we believe global trade can move the human race forward. Thats why its our mission to make it easy and accessible for everyone. Were shaping the future of a 8.6T industry with solutions powered by innovative technology and exceptional people. Today, companies of all sizes—from emerging brands to Fortune 500s—use Flexport technology to move more than 19B of merchandise across 112 countries a year.
The recent global supply chain crisis has put Flexport center stage as we continue to play a pivotal role in how goods move around the world. At a valuation of 8 billion, were experiencing record growth and are proud to have the support of the best investors in the game who believe in our mission, solutions and people. Ready to tackle global challenges that impact business, society, and the environment? Come join us.
Worried about not having any freight forwarding experience?

Dont be! Were building the first Operating System for Global Trade. Thats why its incredibly important for us to bring people from diverse backgrounds and experiences together with our industry veterans to help move the freight forwarding industry forward.
Whats freight forwarding and why does it matter? Listen to Ryan, our CEO explain what freight forwarding is and why improving global trade can help to connect the world and break down economic barriers in this Fast Company Freethink Original Series video.
We know this industry is complex. Thats why we invest in education starting day one with Flexport Academy, a one week intensive onboarding program designed specifically to set every new Flexport employee up for success.

At Flexport, our ability to fulfill our mission of making global trade easy for everyone relies on having a diverse, dedicated and engaged workforce. That is why Flexport is committed to creating and nurturing an environment where anyone can be their authentic self. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, health status, marital and family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.