Join us to solve real world problems while shaping the future of global trade.
The opportunity
Flexport has an immediate opening for an Accounting Analyst to join our Finance team. Finance plays a central role in our success by creating transparency of the companys performance, financials, risks, and internal controls, and building the people, process, and product needed for the future of Flexport.
We are seeking a highly motivated Accounting Analyst with a mission to recommend and drive new initiatives and support our fast-growing organization. As an Accounting Analyst, you will have the opportunity to build personalized relationships with key stakeholders across multiple functional departments within our dynamic finance organization. Your innovative ideas and results-oriented approach will be essential to our continued success, and you will play a critical role in driving improvement and innovation as we grow.
What youll do

Key contributor in the monthly close process for accruals and operating expenses by preparing journal entries and reconciliations
Help implement process improvements that streamline month-end closing and reporting processes
Partner with cross functional teams on tasks and action items
Act as a trusted liaison with external auditors regarding accruals and expenses, proactively resolving issues and ensuring compliance
Work cross-functionally with our FPA and operations teams on exciting ad-hoc projects and initiatives, leveraging your financial expertise to drive business success

What youll need

Bachelor degree or above in Accounting
CPA license (active or inactive) or plan to sit for the exam preferred
1-3 years of working experience
Experience with analytic tools such as Power BI, Power Pivot, etc preferred 
Strong acumen for detail
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Desire to build strong, cohesive relationships within the team

About Flexport
At Flexport, we believe global trade can move the human race forward. Thats why its our mission to make it easy and accessible for everyone. Were shaping the future of a 8.6T industry with solutions powered by innovative technology and exceptional people. Today, companies of all sizes—from emerging brands to Fortune 500s—use Flexport technology to move more than 19B of merchandise across 112 countries a year. 
Worried about not having any freight forwarding experience?
Dont be! Our mission is to make global trade easy for everyone. Thats why its important to bring people from diverse backgrounds and experiences together with our industry veterans to help move the global logistics industry forward.
We know this industry is complex. Thats why we invest in education starting day one with Flexport Academy, a one week intensive onboarding program designed specifically to set every new Flexport employee up for success. 
At Flexport, our ability to fulfill our mission of making global trade easy for everyone relies on having a diverse, dedicated and engaged workforce. That is why Flexport is committed to creating and nurturing an environment where anyone can be their authentic self. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, health status, marital and family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.