At Flexport, we believe global trade can move the human race forward. Thats why its our mission to make it easy and accessible for everyone. Were shaping the future of a 8.6T industry with solutions powered by innovative technology and exceptional people. Today, companies of all sizes—from emerging brands to Fortune 500s—use Flexport technology to move more than 19B of merchandise across 112 countries a year.
The recent global supply chain crisis has put Flexport center stage as we continue to play a pivotal role in how goods move around the world. At a valuation of 8 billion, were experiencing record growth and are proud to have the support of the best investors in the game who believe in our mission, solutions and people. Ready to tackle global challenges that impact business, society, and the environment? Come join us.
WHOs it with: 
Flexport is experiencing huge growth with nearly 2000 Flexporters across 14 global offices and were just getting started! This is an amazing opportunity to help scale the European Business as well as drive Flexports growth globally. You will be joining a team of like minded entrepreneurial Account Executives that make up Flexports growth engine. In this role you will be empowered to make decisions and grow your career.
This is a rare opportunity to really be part of something bigger- help fuel our expansion!
 
WHAT youll be doing:
As an Account Executive your goal is to drive growth by closing new deals and building a diversified portfolio of clients. In doing so, you will be given a lot of freedom and responsibility, as well as  guidance and coaching, in understanding how to best achieve that goal.Examples of activities you might be dealing with on a normal day range from leading a discovery call with a prospect to uncover more about their supply chain processes, discuss an onboarding strategy with a fellow Flexporter in our Shenzhen office, jumping in the car and travel to a prospective client to set up a trial project, or sharing your best practices with the broader sales team in a peer learning session.If you enjoy diversity in your role this is the opportunity for you as no two days are the same! You are responsible for all aspects of deal management , included but not limited too:

Identifying good fit clients- both self-prospected and generated by a SDR
Consulting with new clients to understand their supply chain needs and pains
Creating a value add solution, demonstrating our capabilities through remote and in-person meetings
Closing the deal- goes without saying!
Leading the onboarding process by leveraging internal resources and teams
Identifying opportunities for account growth while retaining and expanding revenue within book of business
Leading a squad in partnership with a Client Solutions Manager to drive client success and revenue generation

 
WHAT youll need:
We are looking for high energy people who have experience in a quota carrying sales role, managing the full sales cycle from prospecting to closing deals. You are not afraid to pick up the phone and cold call a prospect if you believe there might be some business to win. You also have a genuine interest towards your clients, which you leverage in leading value adding discovery calls to uncover current processes and pain points. Despite being a hunter, you also embrace your key role in managing accounts by taking the lead in creating an outstanding experience for your clients. Above all, you are a fast learner, you have a strong work ethic, and you have a burning desire to grow into a top 5 sales executive in the country. 
You also speak Dutch and English fluently (oral and written)
 
WHY youll want it
If you are on a journey to become a top sales executive, youll thrive at Flexport. Not only will you work alongside some of the most successful Account Executives in the country, but you will also be coached and guided to continuously develop your sales skill set. You will have a real chance to progress in the sales organisation, if thats where your interest is. You will also have an active role in improving the company by working on side projects and driving business improvements. By joining Flexport you will become part of an incredible journey. Founded in 2013, Flexport has raised over 1.3B from several top tier investors . To make sure all our employees can benefit from the long term success of the company, all Flexport employees receive a compelling RSUs package. On top of this we also offer the following perks:

One of the coolest workplaces in Amsterdam with a view of the beautiful Prinsengracht (only 5 minutes away from Amsterdam Centraal by M52). 
Flexibility in working from home  working from the office. 
If you work from the office, you can enjoy a delicious breakfast and a fresh lunch every day. If youre still hungrythirsty, we have a great choice of free snacks and beverages.
Free access to coaching  learning tools for all employees (Linkedin Learning courses, Bravely).
Quarterly team outings and events (go-karting, cocktail workshops,..
