About Flexport:
At Flexport, we believe global trade can move the human race forward. Thats why its our mission to make it easy and accessible for everyone. Were shaping the future of a 8.6T industry with solutions powered by innovative technology and exceptional people. Today, companies of all sizes—from emerging brands to Fortune 500s—use Flexport technology to move more than 19B of merchandise across 112 countries a year.
The recent global supply chain crisis has put Flexport center stage as we continue to play a pivotal role in how goods move around the world. At a valuation of 8 billion, were experiencing record growth and are proud to have the support of the best investors in the game who believe in our mission, solutions and people. Ready to tackle global challenges that impact business, society, and the environment? Come join us.
The opportunity:
The role of the SCOps Specialist is a critical part of making Flexports mission to make global trade easy for everyone a reality. Flexport today connects almost 10,000 clients and suppliers across 109 countries. In this role, your direct customers are the partners within your region: our account management and customs teams, subcontractors, carriers, terminals and trucking providers. Your work directly supports Flexports end customers in achieving their logistics goals. Most importantly, you will play a pivotal role in building the next operational model at Flexport: allowing us to effectively scale to achieve our mission of making global trade easier for everyone.
This role is designed to facilitate the movement of shipments while discovering and driving efficiencies that build and improve operations as part of our Global team. You will be responsible for ensuring that all customer shipments are executed according to plan, on time and within budget. As the person who manages movement in your region with laser focus, you have the unique opportunity to help your regional account team spot opportunities to improve and grow our customers business. You will drive impact through surfacing new ideas to eliminate waste, improve customer experience or introducing innovative ways of managing a supply chain.
Tactical Responsibilities:
As a supply chain operator, you are an expert in executing the end-to-end movement of shipments within a regional network including Ocean or Air and LCL imports and exports.

You will be the front line in ensuring the highest standard of Flexport quality: shipments move on-time and exceptions are handled appropriately. You will be responsible for ensuring your work satisfies internal KPIs and SLAs that demonstrate quality delivery.
You will test scalable operational infrastructure and procedures to ensure they are delivering the highest levels of efficiency and productivity for your customers and within our new operational model.
Seamlessly coordinate day-to-day operations with internal and external partners such as ocean, intermodal and drayage vendors, the customs team and the Network Operations team.
Execute the movement of ocean freight shipments within a regional network (both imports and exports), including intermodal movements.

Adaptive Responsibilities:

You will help implement operational infrastructure and procedures in the day-to-day workflow, while constantly identifying and executing on opportunities to realize optimal efficiency and productivity.
You will empower Account Management by participating in feedback loops to ensure client needs are met.
You will use metrics to spot opportunities to improve and deliver great performance in your role, including data quality and shipment milestone timeliness.
You will act as a consultant to your regional team, product  engineering and the operations excellence team on ocean supply chain operations.

What you will need:
Experience:

BABS degree 
Minimum 0-1 years of experience in logistics, freight forwarding, supply chain, ocean carrier operations, or consulting (ocean freight knowledge is a plus)

Skills:

Communicating with structure
Managing time and commitments
Building and using your work process
Owning your environment, tools and materials
Problem Solving 1: conducting research to solve problems
Problem solving 2: Framing problems
Pulling in help

Mindset:

Desire to build a better machine and get irritated when things arent optimal
Hands-on, process-oriented, structured thinking with strong problem-solving capabilities 
Strategic vision and ground floor execution
Excitement to manage vendor relations and create best-in-class, innovative structures to do so
Excellent communication, interpersonal and organizational skills
A client service mindset; you are obsessed with client and squad happiness
Next-level attention to detail
Courage to challenge the status quo when logic and reason require it. See something broken? Fix it!
Flexibility to get the job done when needed. Willing to work outside office hours and occasional weekend or night shifts in certain locations.

Worried about not having any logistics experience?  
Dont be! Our mission is to make global trade easy for everyone. Thats why its important to bring people from diverse backgrounds and experiences together with our industry veterans to help move the global logistics industry forward.
We know this industry is complex. Thats why we invest in education starting day one with Flexport Academy, a one week intensive onboarding program designed specifically to set every new Flexport employee up for success. 
At Flexport, our ability to fulfill our mission of making global trade easy for everyone relies on having a diverse, dedicated and engaged workforce. That is why Flexport is committed to creating and nurturing an environment where anyone can be their authentic self. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, health status, marital and family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
To learn more about what our tech teams have been up to, head to the Engineering Blog.
 