Build the programs to help Flexport grow
The opportunity:
Investing your time with Flexport means keeping pace with a rapidly growing business, learning new skills, and seeking opportunities to fill the gap. We appreciate your contributions to making Flexport an amazing place to work and we encourage upwards or lateral movement and transfers that align with current business needs.
Exceptional software development is integral in allowing us to fulfill our mission of making global trade easier for everyone. At Flexport youll develop systems that are at the forefront of reshaping the entire logistics  supply chain industries. The SMB organization strives to increase Flexports efficiency and effectiveness by providing self-serve platforms that reduce complexity for small and medium businesses. We solve foundational engineering challenges with the added complexity of the logistics domain that Flexport is in after merging Deliverr technology.
Here are some of the things we work on:

Replenishment to FBA, WFS  - Building the next generation of automated replenishment systems as merchant scale with Flexport Reserve Storage, with the promise of lean inventory and no stock-outs. 
Upstream Inventory Management - Creating a single platform for merchants to manage their inventory and plan their supply chain in the self-serve portal with all the insights and recommendations from Flexport.
Wholesale and Retail orders - Building the distribution capabilities to brick-and-mortar retailers and wholesalers. This includes onboarding, ingestion, digitalization, and outbounds of bulk orders.
Warehouse Operational excellence - Improving the freight booking process and communication across operations, clients, carriers, and partners for inbound, outbound, and all related shipments from or to US warehouse facilities at Flexport.

You will:

Take on complex product initiatives and run them to completion with minimal supervision.


Design flexible, maintainable and scalable code.
Safeguard code quality on your team, reviewing others code with an eye to performance and maintainability.
Collaborate with engineering teams to execute against the vision and roadmap
Work closely with designers and product managers to distill complex business problems into elegant technical solutions.
Be part of a close-knit engineering team that ships new code with every PR, every day.
Geek out about supply-chain, shipping and logistics. (We do this often.)

You should have:

3 years experience writing software and a strong engineering background.
A love of simple, well-tested code that is easy to extend and hard to break.
Ability to convey technical ideas in common terms to business stakeholders, product managers, and engineers alike.
A self-starter attitude. When you see a problem, you solve it.
Knowledge of at least one programming language such as Typescript, Java, or JS.

Our Stack:
Our continuous releases are integrated with Buildkite and Github. On the frontend, we create our views with React, manage data flow with redux, and test our application with Jest. On the backend, it is in Node.js, typescript and Java. Our data persisted in mostly RDS and Algolia. Our stack is hosted on AWS using Docker.
Culture and Values:
Our mission is to make global trade easy for everyone.
To do so, we operate by our six Flexport values:

Empower Your Client - Reinvigorate customer obsession
Strengthen Feedback Loops - Seek truth and build trust
Drive Agility - Unlock faster, more effective operations
Think From End-to-End - Connect your work to the wider network
Dive Deep - Sweat the details
Play the Long Game - Keep the (really) big picture in mind

In the process, we support communities in need and a sustainable environment. Flexport.org is the humanitarian and sustainability arm of Flexport and works with nonprofit and for-profit partners to address environmental and social issues, both globally and locally. Our programs focus on crisis relief, reducing global carbon emissions, low-cost global freight forwarding solutions for nonprofits, and community engagement.
Want to tackle global challenges that have an impact on business, society, and the environment? Come join us.
 
About Flexport:
At Flexport, we operate at the intersection of technology and logistics, offering businesses around the world a one-stop shop for global shipping. We make it easy, fast, and reliable to ship freight between any two places on planet Earth with all the required trade and compliance services to execute trade transactions seamlessly.
Our platform provides real-time visibility into the location and status of shipments, at every step of the journey and across all modes of transit. On top of that platform, we offer supply chain services, freight services, customs and compliance services, financial services, and insights-as-a-service.
We believe our addressable market is 25 of the 2T USD freight forwarding industry, so the skys the limit. Were already a top-ten forwarder on the worlds largest trade lane, the Transpacific Eastbound.
We secured 935M Series E funding in February 2022 and are valued at 8B. 
As of 2023, we have 3,000 employees in 20 locations across the globe and are growing. Were experiencing record growth and are proud to have the support of the best investors in the game who believe in our mission, solutions, and people. Ready to tackle global challenges that impact business, society, and the environment? Come join us.
Worried about not having any logistics experience?

Dont be! Were building the first Operating System for Global Trade. Thats why its incredibly important for us to bring people from diverse backgrounds and experiences together with our industry veterans to help move the freight forwarding industry forward.
Whats freight forwarding and why does it matter? Freight forwarding is the coordination and shipment of goods from one place to another and its what makes global trade possible. Flexport is on a mission to make global trade easier for everyone because we believe it can help connect the world and break down economic barriers.
We know this industry is complex. Thats why we invest in education starting day one with Flexport Academy, a one-week intensive onboarding program designed specifically to set every new Flexport employee up for success.

At Flexport, our ability to fulfill our mission of making global trade easy for everyone relies on having a diverse, dedicated, and engaged workforce. That is why Flexport is committed to creating and nurturing an environment where anyone can be their authentic self. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, health status, marital and family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
 