The opportunity
We are currently seeking highly motivated individuals for a full-time position as an Operations Manager in one of our inaugural fulfillment centers. As a key member of the Flexport team, you will take on a leadership role responsible for managing operations and a team on the operating floor. This position offers a unique opportunity to invest in others, cultivate a collaborative leadership style, and contribute to shaping the future of logistics. We are looking for candidates who are eager to take on this challenge, be part of our dynamic and innovative organization, and make a lasting impact on the industry.
You will

Lead, coach, manage, and develop a team of 200 associates and 4 salaried managers, ensuring their productivity, engagement, and professional growth.
Communicate and enforce policies and procedures, serving as the primary source of information for the team, while ensuring compliance, consistency, and taking corrective action when necessary.
Create, manage, and support recognition programs to foster a positive work culture and boost employee morale.
Implement and maintain safety programs, ensuring compliance with OSHA regulations to provide a safe work environment for all associates.
Establish and enforce procedures for building security and product loss prevention, mitigating risks and minimizing inventory shrinkage.
Serve as a key member of the Operations team, holding the position of Operations Manager in one of our largest fulfillment centers nationwide.
Own and report on performance metrics within the fulfillment center, including on-time receiving and shipping, inventory accuracy, and packing quality.
Set and uphold strict Service Level Agreement (SLA) expectations for yourself and your team, delivering clear verbal and written reports on performance and developing action plans as needed.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to troubleshoot and resolve fulfillment-related issues, ensuring smooth operations and customer satisfaction.
Act as the escalation point for risk mitigation and issue resolution, providing timely and effective solutions.
Identify gaps in inventory accuracy, analyze root causes, and drive strategic initiatives to improve processes and achieve higher accuracy levels.
Analyze defect rates, identify trends, and recommend operational improvements internally and across the network to enhance efficiency and reduce errors.
Contribute to the development of Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) by documenting best practices and lessons learned, ensuring standardized and optimized processes.
Work closely with the Growth and Engineering teams, prioritizing the resolution of systemic problems and driving continuous improvement initiatives.
Own CPU and cost metrics. 

You should have

A minimum of 4 years of experience managing a team of 4 or more salaried individuals.
Physical capability to lift up to 49 pounds with or without reasonable accommodation.
Willingness and ability to frequently engage in physically demanding tasks such as pushing, pulling, squatting, bending, and reaching.
Ability to standwalk for extended periods, typically up to 10-12 hours.
Comfort working in an environment with varying noise levels, which can sometimes

About Flexport
At Flexport, we believe global trade can move the human race forward. Thats why its our mission to make it easy and accessible for everyone. Were shaping the future of a 8.6T industry with solutions powered by innovative technology and exceptional people. Today, companies of all sizes—from emerging brands to Fortune 500s—use Flexport technology to move more than 19B of merchandise across 112 countries a year. 
The recent global supply chain crisis has put Flexport center stage as we continue to play a pivotal role in how goods move around the world. At a valuation of 8 billion, were experiencing record growth and are proud to have the support of the best investors in the game who believe in our mission, solutions and people. Ready to tackle global challenges that impact business, society, and the environment? Come join us.
Worried about not having any logistics experience?
Dont be! Our mission is to make global trade easy for everyone. Thats why its important to bring people from diverse backgrounds and experiences together with our industry veterans to help move the global logistics industry forward.
We know this industry is complex. Thats why we invest in education starting day one with Flexport Academy, a one week intensive onboarding program designed specifically to set every new Flexport employee up for success. 
At Flexport, our ability to fulfill our mission of making global trade easy for everyone relies on having a diverse, dedicated and engaged workforce. That is why Flexport is committed to creating and nurturing an environment where anyone can be their authentic self. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, health status, marital and family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
 