Build and grow with us! Join Flexport as a Sales Development Representative and supercharge your sales career. 
The opportunity:
Operating at the intersection of logistics and tech has allowed Flexport to develop a unique value proposition that customers all over the globe love, resulting in exponential growth over the last 9 years. Flexport today connects more than 10,000 clients across 109 countries, and our role is to help businesses of all sizes find the global trade solutions that will empower their success.
With offices on three continents, our team is as global as our client base and were excited to continue building a product and service they love. With revenue growing at breakneck speed, were looking for a consultative and tenacious Sales Development Representative to join our growing sales team in our Chicago office!
You will:

Identify and qualify new sales opportunities for Flexport by working with marketing and account executives to identify and prioritize strategic opportunities in your market segment 
Demonstrate the value of our offering through phone calls, email, LinkedIn, and other social channels
Research your target companies and prepare executive summaries to help develop business opportunities with Account Executives
Diligently update Salesforce to stay current on leads and follow-ups
Shadow Account Executives in meetings and other activities to help you acquire the skills you need for your next role on the Flexport sales team 

You should have:

1-3 years of professional working experience in Sales, Business Development, Client Success, Investment Banking, Financial Services, or Consulting 
Excellent communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills
An enthusiasm for cold-calling prospects and a willingness to hop on the phone with new people every day and explain Flexports value propositions it relates to each individual you speak with
A compliance first attitude to keep our regulators happy and enthusiastic about Flexport since we operate in a heavily regulated industry

About Flexport
At Flexport, we believe global trade can move the human race forward. Thats why its our mission to make it easy and accessible for everyone. Were shaping the future of a 8.6T industry with solutions powered by innovative technology and exceptional people. Today, companies of all sizes—from emerging brands to Fortune 500s—use Flexport technology to move more than 19B of merchandise across 112 countries a year. 
The recent global supply chain crisis has put Flexport center stage as we continue to play a pivotal role in how goods move around the world. At a valuation of 8 billion, were experiencing record growth and are proud to have the support of the best investors in the game who believe in our mission, solutions and people. Ready to tackle global challenges that impact business, society, and the environment? Come join us.
Worried about not having any logistics experience? 
Dont be! Our mission is to make global trade easy for everyone. Thats why its important to bring people from diverse backgrounds and experiences together with our industry veterans to help move the global logistics industry forward.
We know this industry is complex. Thats why we invest in education starting day one with Flexport Academy, a one week intensive onboarding program designed specifically to set every new Flexport employee up for success. 
At Flexport, our ability to fulfill our mission of making global trade easy for everyone relies on having a diverse, dedicated and engaged workforce. That is why Flexport is committed to creating and nurturing an environment where anyone can be their authentic self. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, health status, marital and family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.