Head of Credit, Flexport Capital
The opportunity:
Flexport helps more than 10,000 clients and suppliers lead all aspects of their supply chain operations. Each of these customers faces significant working capital burdens that hamper their ability to grow their businesses. Since Inception, Flexport Capital has provided over a billion dollars in loans to Flexport customers to address these needs. Our non-dilutive capital products empower businesses to grow and bridge their working capital needs while maintaining ownership and control. As a start-up within a start-up, were developing unique fintech products that leverage the resources and data of Flexports platform for global trade.
Were looking for a Head of Credit for Flexport Capital, our rapidly-growing working capital lending business that is transforming trade finance and international payment processing. You will lead credit decision-making and frameworking, improve and automate our underwriting practices, and develop new financing products.
You will:  

Manage and lead our credit team, whose main responsibility is underwriting new borrowers and monitoring our growing portfolio
Own and maintain our credit framework and improve our processes with internal stakeholders, capital markets partners and technology providers
Set direction and structure for ongoing monitoring process of existing borrowers, and manage default negotiations and workout programs
Work closely with product and legal to develop new financing products and ensure our documentation and procedures comply with commercial lending standards
Drive analytics and efficiencies for credit processes, and develop a strategic roadmap to leverage technology in credit underwriting and monitoring
Support strategic projects and updates to company leadership regarding new products, financial insights, capital market partnerships, and more 

You should have:

12 years experience in commercial lending  credit, including experience in FinTech; experience in statistical modeling  predictive analytics a plus
Expertise in credit products and underwriting models for physical products companies of all business stages and capitalization types (emerging or mature, venture-backed or founderprofitable, public or private)
Prior experience in leading teams  managing people 
Excellent communication skills; high EQ, low ego to present to executives  lead cross-functional initiatives 
BABS degree; MBA is a plus

About Flexport 
At Flexport, we believe global trade can move the human race forward. Thats why its our mission to make it easy and accessible for everyone. Were shaping the future of a 8.6T industry with solutions powered by innovative technology and exceptional people. Today, companies of all sizes—from emerging brands to Fortune 500s—use Flexport technology to move more than 19B of merchandise across 112 countries a year. 
The recent global supply chain crisis has put Flexport center stage as we continue to play a pivotal role in how goods move around the world. At a valuation of 8 billion, were experiencing record growth and are proud to have the support of the best investors in the game who believe in our mission, solutions and people. Ready to tackle global challenges that impact business, society, and the environment? Come join us.
Worried about not having any freight forwarding experience?

Dont be! Were building the first Operating System for Global Trade. Thats why its incredibly important for us to bring people from diverse backgrounds and experiences together with our industry veterans to help move the freight forwarding industry forward.
Whats freight forwarding and why does it matter? Listen to Ryan, our CEO explain what freight forwarding is and why improving global trade can help to connect the world and break down economic barriers in this Fast Company Freethink Original Series video.
We know this industry is complex. Thats why we invest in education starting day one with Flexport Academy, a one week intensive onboarding program designed specifically to set every new Flexport employee up for success.

At Flexport, our ability to fulfill our mission of making global trade easy for everyone relies on having a diverse, dedicated and engaged workforce. That is why Flexport is committed to creating and nurturing an environment where anyone can be their authentic self. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, health status, marital and family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
 