The opportunity:
Were looking for a pragmatic, growth and culture-minded (Senior) Account Manager with a proven track record of success to manage our Enterprise Accounts in the Netherlands. As a (Senior) Account Manager you will have ownership of a number of accounts and will partner closely with our sales teams to grow the business. You will lead and inspire the teams to meet company objectives for growth, margin, operational excellence, and stakeholder satisfaction. 
You will: 

You will use your advanced knowledge of the clients business goals, the industry, and Flexports services and solutions to proactively close and deliver new solutions that empower the client and deepen the client relationship.
You will serve as the clients trusted advisor, advocating for their needs with internal stakeholders and finding win-win solutions for the client and for Flexport.
You will use regular client touchpoints and business reviews to help clients understand the value they are realizing and to capitalize on new opportunities to deepen the relationship.
Understand client expectations  requirements by actively requesting feedback and seeking out improvement opportunities
Mentor and help coach fellow Account Managers on how best to support client needs and build long term partnerships.

You should have:

Nativefluent in Dutch
4 years of experience in sales, account management, or supply chain operations roles.
A background in logistics, freight forwarding (preferred).
Ability to handle a broad range of responsibilities on your own and learn and adapt quickly in a hyper growth company. 
Highly organized, self-motivated and detail-oriented, with great follow-through on projectstasks big and small.

About Flexport: 
At Flexport, we believe global trade can move the human race forward. Thats why its our mission to make it easy and accessible for everyone. Were shaping the future of a 8.6T industry with solutions powered by innovative technology and exceptional people. Today, companies of all sizes—from emerging brands to Fortune 500s—use Flexport technology to move more than 19B of merchandise across 112 countries a year. 
The recent global supply chain crisis has put Flexport center stage as we continue to play a pivotal role in how goods move around the world. At a valuation of 8 billion, were experiencing record growth and are proud to have the support of the best investors in the game who believe in our mission, solutions and people. Ready to tackle global challenges that impact business, society, and the environment? Come join us.
Worried about not having any logistics experience?  
Dont be! Our mission is to make global trade easy for everyone. Thats why its important to bring people from diverse backgrounds and experiences together with our industry veterans to help move the global logistics industry forward.
We know this industry is complex. Thats why we invest in education starting day one with Flexport Academy, a one week intensive onboarding program designed specifically to set every new Flexport employee up for success. 
At Flexport, our ability to fulfill our mission of making global trade easy for everyone relies on having a diverse, dedicated and engaged workforce. That is why Flexport is committed to creating and nurturing an environment where anyone can be their authentic self. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, health status, marital and family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
To learn more about what our tech teams have been up to, head to the Engineering Blog.
 