Be part of the Hamburg Logistics rocket ship  and drive hyper-growth!
The opportunity:
Are you ready to join a diverse, motivated, and hungry team of innovators building the future of global logistics? Were solving old problems in new impactful ways! 
Flexport is both a freight forwarder and logistics tech platform using modern software to make global trade easier for everyone. We are solving complex problems on a global scale, and disrupting a multi-trillion dollar industry that has remained stubbornly unchanged. With 13 offices on three continents, we help the worlds fastest growing brands manage their international supply chains, providing a fully-managed service for moving goods between any two places on the planet. Customers love our value proposition and this has allowed Flexport to become one of the fastest growing companies in the world. 
We are now looking to grow our Sales team and are seeking innovative individuals who can help take us on our journey to the next level. 
Welcome to the future!
You will:
Based in Hamburg, you will join the Sales Development Representative Team that is playing a crucial role in Flexport growth plans. Strategically and with a lot of creativity you will be tasked to getting in touch with good fit companies that want to engage in a conversation with Flexport.
No two days will be the same in this challenging role where you will be responsible for:

Identifying and creating  new sales opportunities for Flexport Europe;
Working with Account Executives all over Europe to identify and prioritise strategic opportunities;
Demonstrating the value of our offering through phone calls, email, video and other social mediums;
Keeping your CRM (Salesforce) fully updated to ensure success 

You should have:
We are looking for high-energy, resilient and problem solving individuals who want to learn and develop their sales skills. Who are enthusiastic communicators, love being on the phone and adding value to customers, able to empathise and present solutions to suit their needs. This role would suit someone who is commercially minded, ideally with some sales experience in their pocket. 
Above all: youre solution oriented and looking to work in a quickly adapting and fast-paced environment. If you are self-motivated, detail-oriented and organized, we will love to get to know you. Apply to learn more!
Please note that fluency in both German and English is required. 
Why Flexport?
The next big step in your sales career! Joining the Flexport SDR team is a unique opportunity to develop workclass consultative and sales skills that will allow you to become a top sales performer. We will invest in your development making sure that you learn how to successfully hunt new logos and actively contribute to new business goals. You will have access and training in the best tools in the market and you will receive ongoing coaching on the latest sales methodologies. All while being encouraged to work creatively and thinking outside the box. We want you to have fun in your new role! 
This role will give you the opportunity to learn how global trade works from the ground up and build the foundation for your career in tech sales. This is an excellent opportunity to join a dynamic team in a business that is going to coach and develop you. We view our sales development teams as the talent engine for the rest of the sales organisation. Meaning: we give you the tools to be empowered and really take your sales and consultative skills to the next level.
Youll be joining a sales team with a lot of emphasis on growth, combining great culture, a place to succeed and focus on career development make this a fun  dynamic place to work.
About Flexport:
At Flexport, we believe global trade can move the human race forward. Thats why its our mission to make it easy and accessible for everyone. Were shaping the future of a 8.6T industry with solutions powered by innovative technology and exceptional people. Today, companies of all sizes—from emerging brands to Fortune 500s—use Flexport technology to move more than 19B of merchandise across 112 countries a year.
The recent global supply chain crisis has put Flexport center stage as we continue to play a pivotal role in how goods move around the world. At a valuation of 8 billion, were experiencing record growth and are proud to have the support of the best investors in the game who believe in our mission, solutions and people. Ready to tackle global challenges that impact business, society, and the environment? Come join us.
At Flexport, our ability to fulfill our mission of making global trade easy for everyone relies on having a diverse, dedicated and engaged workforce. That is why Flexport is committed to creating and nurturing an environment where anyone can be their authentic self. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, health status, marital and family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.