Help Flexport win new business!
The opportunity:
Flexport is experiencing massive growth with 3,000 Flexporters across 20 global offices and warehouses. And were just getting started. With revenue growing at breakneck speed, were looking for a Sales Development Manager in our growing Chicago market to keep our top of funnel full and manage our team of SDRs. This is a high impact and high ownership opportunity for self-starters interested in solving real-world problems and revolutionizing global trade.
You will:

Grow Your Team: Recruit, hire, train and ramp a team of high performing sales development representatives;
Enablement: Coach, mentor, and guide the team in developing consultative and solution-based sales skills across all product offerings including: campaign strategy, outbound execution, and nurturing interest in opportunities
Be Data Driven: Use data to be nimble and inform the strategy of your team
Drive Agility: Proactively identify and launch initiatives to drive both new business development growth and operational excellence aligned with short and long term organizational goals;
Build Strategy: Generate top of funnel demand by identifying lead sources, constructing lists, and other tasks related to outbound lead generation;
Strengthen Feedback Loops: Collaborate with cross-functional teams (like Growth Operations, Marketing, GMs, and SMEs) to drive new business
Dive Deep: Monitor and refine sales lead processes, metrics, reporting and tools to maximize efficiencies and success on the SDR team;
Empower Your Team: Encourage innovation, communication, especially in finding new customer profiles that Flexport is currently under-serving; and
Achievement Oriented: Own execution of pipeline goals by driving a high accountability, high performance culture to achieve monthly, quarterly and annual quota and revenue targets;
Play the Long Game:  Build sustainable processes and embrace continuous development.  Always have the big picture in mind. 
Career Development: Foster an environment of inclusion and growth. Coach, development and promote the next generation of Flexport sales leaders.
Lead by Example: Embody Flexports culture and core values. Inspire and motivate your team by leading with positivity, perseverance, and passion.  

You should have:

2 years experience leading a team of individual contributors to success;
Proven track record of scaling a high performing team and exceeding quota expectations;
Passion for new business, this team is the fuel for the Flexport rocketship;
AB testing mentality - willingness to proactively test outbound customer messaging and iterate Flexports value proposition;
BABS Degree preferred;
Excellent communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills;
An obsession with client happiness. You succeed when they succeed;
Courage to challenge the status quo when logic and reason require it. See something broken? Fix it.
Experience using data and analytics to drive decision making, identify areas of improvement and drive sales process development and best practices;
A leadership mentality with an excitement to roll up your sleeves and work alongside your team;  
Ability to inspire and motivate SDRs to high performance; 
Brownie points for experience with Sales Ops functions including Salesforce Admin, Dashboard Creation, Lead distribution, etc.

About Flexport:
At Flexport, we believe global trade can move the human race forward. Thats why its our mission to make it easy and accessible for everyone. Were shaping the future of a 8.6T industry with solutions powered by innovative technology and exceptional people. Today, companies of all sizes—from emerging brands to Fortune 500s—use Flexport technology to move more than 19B of merchandise across 112 countries a year.
The recent global supply chain crisis has put Flexport center stage as we continue to play a pivotal role in how goods move around the world. At a valuation of 8 billion, were experiencing record growth and are proud to have the support of the best investors in the game who believe in our mission, solutions and people. Ready to tackle global challenges that impact business, society, and the environment? Come join us.
Worried about not having any freight forwarding experience?

Dont be! Were building the first Operating System for Global Trade. Thats why its incredibly important for us to bring people from diverse backgrounds and experiences together with our industry veterans to help move the freight forwarding industry forward.
Whats freight forwarding and why does it matter? Listen to Ryan, our CEO explain what freight forwarding is and why improving global trade can help to connect the world and break down economic barriers in this Fast Company Freethink Original Series video.
We know this industry is complex. Thats why we invest in education starting day one with Flexport Academy, a one week intensive onboarding program designed specifically to set every new Flexport employee up for success.

At Flexport, our ability to fulfill our mission of making global trade easy for everyone relies on having a diverse, dedicated and engaged workforce. That is why Flexport is committed to creating and nurturing an environment where anyone can be their authentic self. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, physical and mental disability, health status, marital and family status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law.