The Opportunity:
We are currently seeking individuals for a full-time position that involves launching and operating one of our inaugural fulfillment centers. As a key member of the Flexport team, you will take on the role of a people leader, responsible for managing a process and a team on the operating floor. This position offers a unique opportunity to invest in others and cultivate a collaborative leadership style. By utilizing the tools, processes, and operations that drive Flexports mission to make global trade easy for everyone, you will contribute to shaping the future of logistics. We are looking for high-potential candidates who are eager to take on this challenge and be part of our dynamic and innovative organization. Join us in our mission to revolutionize global trade and make a lasting impact on the industry.
As an Operations Leader, you will:

Coach, manage, and develop a team of 10-70.
Communicate policies to your team and act as the primary information source for the team, maintaining compliance, consistency, and taking corrective action when needed.
Create, manage, and support recognition programs.
Support all safety programs and OSHA compliance to ensure a safe work environment for all associates.
Ensure procedures are followed for building security and product loss prevention.
Be an integral part of our Operations team as an Area Manager of one of our largest fulfillment partners located across the country.
Own performance reporting for your areas of responsibility within the FC, including, but not limited to, on-time receiving and shipping, inventory accuracy, and packing quality.
Consistently hold yourself and your team to strict SLA expectations, providing clear and concise verbal and written reports of performance and action plans when needed.
Facilitate troubleshooting with relevant cross-functional parties for fulfillment-related problems.
Serve as an escalation point to mitigate risks and resolve issues.
Measure and respond to gaps in inventory accuracy, facilitating strategic initiatives to identify root causes and resolve them.
Review defect rates to identify trends and expose opportunities to improve operations both internally and across the network.
Track learnings and best practices to contribute to Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
Help prioritize the resolution of systemic problems, working closely with our Growth and Engineering teams.

What you will need:

2 years managing staff of 5 or more.
Must be able to lift up to 49 pounds with or without reasonable accommodation.
Must be willing and able to frequently push, pull, squat, bend, and reach.
Must be able to standwalk for up to 10-12 hours.
Must be able to work in an environment where the noise level varies and can be loud.
Must be able to work in an environment where the temperature may vary between 60 and 90 degrees and will occasionally exceed 90 degrees.
Must be able to work on a secure mezzanine at a height of up to 40 feet (applies to buildings with mezzanines). This position requires a candidate with the proven ability to drive process improvements and the ability to keep pace with our growth while motivating others to meet challenges in a deadline-driven environment.
Willing and able to work any permanent shift that may include overnights and holidays. Note that there is a high chance that your shift may overlap into part of the weekend.

What were looking for:

Demonstrated collaboration with internal and external business partners to deliver greater operational performance, efficiency, and quality.
Precise communication around external partner decisions, issues, risks, and new processes.
Keen ability to distinguish internal versus external problems causes to properly focus the correct resources to resolve issues quickly.
Exceptional prioritization skills to ensure timely resolutions that are appropriate for the severity and impact of the situation.
Experience leveraging problem-solving and data analysis skills to drive high judgment decisions.
Strong presentation and interpersonal skills.
Demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced, ambiguous, deadline-oriented work environment.
Ability to adapt in a rapid growth, startup environment.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Great attention to detail  appreciation for the complexity associated with the consistent achievement of operational tasks.
Personable and collaborative; strong affinity for working cross-functionally.
Strong computer literacy skills, including usage of Google SheetsExcel.
Incredibly hardworking and willing to do what it takes for us to reach our goals.
Experience in warehousing, fulfillment, or transportationlogistics management.

Bonus points for:

 Experience working with SQL, creating and running reports.

About Flexport:
At Flexport, we believe global trade can move the human race forward. Thats why its our mission to make it easy and accessible for everyone. Were shaping the future of an 8.6T industry with solutions powered by innovative technology and exceptional people. Today, companies of all sizes—from emerging brands to Fortune 500s—use Flexport technology to move more than 19B of merchandise across 112 countries a year. The recent global supply chain crisis has put Flexport center stage as we continue to play a pivotal role in how goods move around the world. At a valuation of 8 billion, were experiencing record growth and are proud to have the support of the best investors in the game who believe in our mission, solutions, and people. Ready to tackle global challenges that impact business, society, and the environment? Come join us.