



Flourish was founded in 2017 with the goal of helping financial advisors to better secure the financial futures of their clients. We focus on independent Registered Investment Advisers (RIAs), delivering financial products that advisors cant easily access today through beautiful, scalable, and easy-to-use technology.
Today, we work with over 600 RIAs that collectively represent more than 1.5T in assets under management across two products: Flourish Cash, a cash management solution with more than 3B in deposits, and Flourish Crypto, a turnkey cryptocurrency offering built for financial advisors and their clients. Headquartered in New York City, we are an independent subsidiary of MassMutual Life Insurance Company1.
Read on if you are interested in joining a small, highly collaborative, rapidly growing startup—backed by the support and stability of a Fortune 500 company.



About the Role
The growing Flourish Legal and Compliance team is part of the larger MassMutual Legal team. Covering a growing fintech platform, the Flourish Legal and Compliance Team works on a variety of business needs, including fraud prevention; anti-money laundering and economic sanctions; broker-dealer surveillance, anti-corruption; data governance, security and privacy; and elder financial exploitation compliance strategies and programs.
As a Compliance Analyst, you will be part of Flourishs Legal and Compliance Team. You will help review, investigate, document, escalate, and analyze risks related to Flourishs anti-money laundering obligations. You will also monitor applicable laws and regulations relating to money laundering and financial crime, and develop and provide insight into compliance risk assessments, metrics, business awareness, and education needs as part of a team of compliance professionals.
You will also assist the team in conducting surveillance of employee communications, as Flourish is required to do as an SEC and FINRA-registered broker-dealer. You will help the Legal and Compliance team in developing efficient ways to discharge its regulatory obligations in that respect, and provide insight into how Flourish can improve its capabilities to monitor and respond to regulatory risks.
About the Team
Working as an integrated team of subject matter experts, Legal and Compliance aligns various compliance efforts to manage the Firms risks. While the team is organized by risk (anti-money laundering and economic sanctions; data governance, security and privacy; anti-corruption; elder financial exploitation and fraud), functional integration within the same team enables the Flourish Legal and Compliance team to effectively manage risk across the organization. This is accomplished by fostering greater and consistent coordination and communications with business lines and other control functions, developing an overall legal and regulatory strategy, sharing and analyzing key data across areas like financial crimes, fraud and data privacysecurity prevention activities and efficiently managing workflow, cases, and activity.
Principal Responsibilities
As a Compliance Consultant on the Flourish Legal and Compliance team, you will collaborate with team members, as well as internal business partners. Specific responsibilities include:

Reviewing new client data for anti-money laundering risks;
Assist in the surveillance of firm communications;
Provide guidance and training to other Flourish business units regarding various Company policies and procedures involving AML and regulatory compliance;
Assist in responses to regulator and internal audit requests,
Assist in preparation and evaluation of external reviews and regulatory inquiries, including state and FINRASEC examinations.
Monitor applicable laws and regulations relating to anti-money laundering;
Develop and monitor AML compliance risk assessments, metrics, business awareness and education needs.
Work with other business constituencies to address Compliance issues.

Qualifications
We are seeking candidates who have interest and necessary skills to learn and grow in fields related to operations, compliance, legal or risk, including:

Bachelors degree or higher.
Willingness to to obtain a Series 7 within the first sixty days of employment
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to generate precise and thorough documentation. This is a critical competency due to investigations and reports prepared by the team may be subject to careful review by regulatory authorities
Ability to maintain accuracy when under tight time constraints and be able to maintain a detail-orientated approach
Strong analytical skills, with the ability to effectively identify, communicate and address the full range of potential compliance exposures
Willingness to learn and adapt to change driven by regulatory, industry, and business developments
Exhibits highest ethical standards and strong work ethic
Must be able to pass a background check required under FINRA rules

Preferred Qualifications

Experience in a regulatory compliance, legal, risk, or related function, ideally at an Insurance Company or Broker Dealer
Knowledge or experience with state, FINRA and other regulatory bodies regulations relating to Anti-Money Laundering

What to Expect as Part of MassMutual and the Team

Regular meetings with the Flourish team.
Focused one-on-one meetings with your manager.
Access to mentorship opportunities.
Networking opportunities including access to Asian, HispanicLatinx, African American, women, LGBTQ, Veteran and disability-focused Business Resource Groups.
Access to learning content on Degreed and other informational platforms.
Your ethics and integrity will be valued by a company with a strong and stable ethical business with industry leading pay and benefits.

At Flourish, we focus on ensuring fair, equitable pay by providing competitive salaries, along with bonus and incentive opportunities and benefits for all employees.
Base Salary Range: 52,000 - 82,100 plus bonusDisclosures:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
1 The Flourish business is owned by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual). Flourish Financial LLC and Flourish Digital Assets LLC are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of MassMutual.