



Flourish was founded in 2017 with the goal of helping financial advisors to better secure the financial futures of their clients. We focus on independent Registered Investment Advisers (RIAs), delivering financial products that advisors cant easily access today through beautiful, scalable, and easy-to-use technology.
Today, we work with over 600 RIAs that collectively represent more than 1.5T in assets under management across two products: Flourish Cash, a cash management solution with more than 3B in deposits, and Flourish Crypto, a turnkey cryptocurrency offering built for financial advisors and their clients. Headquartered in New York City, we are an independent subsidiary of MassMutual Life Insurance Company1.
Read on if you are interested in joining a small, highly collaborative, rapidly growing startup—backed by the support and stability of a Fortune 500 company.



About You
You are experienced in client-facing organizations within the wealth management or financial services industry. You enjoy delivering an exceptional client experience and are motivated to help your clients succeed. You are business minded, thinking about how relationship management can be used to strategically drive growth and improve business outcomes. You are an operationally-minded problem solver who thinks strategically about client success; you are always eager to connect with clients to learn about their needs in order to resolve pain-points and drive growth. You are an excellent communicator, whether over the phone or in written communication, and you are extremely organized, conscientious and detail oriented. You always think of the client first.
You are excited to join a fast-paced fintech startup. You are extremely self-motivated, and excited by the prospect of joining a growing Relationship Management team. You have experience working closely with clients andor sales teams, along with other parts of the organization to drive client success.
About the Role
Flourish works 500 RIAs, and we are now building out a team dedicated to helping these clients succeed post-sale. As Relationship Manager, you will be responsible for managing a book of clients, dedicated to their success, while simultaneously learning and developing best practices that can be applied across all of our clients.
You will personally work with a set of RIAs with the objective of increasing their usage and adoption of our growing list of product offerings. You will work in conjunction with our sales team to provide a white-glove experience to our clients post-sale. You will support your clients day-to-day needs, while developing a deep understanding of each firm and cultivating key contacts internally. You will work strategically on projects to improve the client experience both for your clients and across our entire book.
The Relationship Management team is a small but growing team within Flourish. As an early member of the team you will have a hand in shaping the future of relationship management. You will help build the team from the ground up; developing processes and procedures, strategically defining metrics, and more. We are in the unique position of serving as the voice of our clients internally, while working cross-functionally to influence our product and overall business directions. We prioritize clients above all else and always strive to provide them with an amazing experience.
Principal Responsibilities

Personally manage a book of firms with the ultimate goal of increasing Flourish adoption. This will include managing onboarding and implementation, integrations, documentation, phone and email based service, and regular check-insupdatesQBRs
Address questions and find solutions as they arise day-to-day, combining both quick solutions as well as laying the frame-work for longer term process improvements
Look for expansion opportunities within the client base, from increased usage of current products to cross-sell opportunities in conjunction with sales
Become an expert on our product to serve as an educational resource for our clients
Closely partner with our Sales team, working strategically to drive client growth
Partner with the Marketing team on client email communication strategies, training webinars, collateral and more
Partner with the Product and Design organization on collecting and sharing client feedback, providing feedback on new products and features, and assisting in rollout of new features to existing clients

Qualifications

Bachelors degree
Background in financial services generally, experience working within the wealth management industry is highly preferred
4 years of related client-facing experience across functions such as relationship management, client successsupport, technical account management, salessales support
Experience either as a financial advisor or supporting RIAs is highly preferred
Willingness to obtain a Series 7 within the first few months of employment
Experience working as part of a fast-moving team. Excited by change and comfortable with finding new solutions
Strong organizational skills
Highly comfortable with technology, both personally and professionally
Excellent written and verbal communications, both internally and externally, and comfort discussing financial terminology and concepts
Strong problem solver and creative thinker
High level of energy and positivity
Self-starter mentality

At Flourish, we focus on ensuring fair, equitable pay by providing competitive salaries, along with bonus and incentive opportunities and benefits for all employees.
Base Salary Range: 74,500 - 115,900 plus bonusDisclosures:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
1 The Flourish business is owned by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual). Flourish Financial LLC and Flourish Digital Assets LLC are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of MassMutual.