



Flourish was founded in 2017 with the goal of helping financial advisors to better secure the financial futures of their clients. We focus on independent Registered Investment Advisers (RIAs), delivering financial products that advisors cant easily access today through beautiful, scalable, and easy-to-use technology.
Today, we work with over 600 RIAs that collectively represent more than 1.5T in assets under management across two products: Flourish Cash, a cash management solution with more than 3B in deposits, and Flourish Crypto, a turnkey cryptocurrency offering built for financial advisors and their clients. Headquartered in New York City, we are an independent subsidiary of MassMutual Life Insurance Company1.
Read on if you are interested in joining a small, highly collaborative, rapidly growing startup—backed by the support and stability of a Fortune 500 company.



About You
You solve problems with technology. You care deeply about the user experience, and are interested and passionate about building and shipping the visible part of products that real users interact with and trust. You can take a feature from designs to a performant end product that will delight users, building while taking into account good engineering and security practices. You thrive in a work environment that requires strong critical thinking skills and collaboration alongside periods of focus. You can give and receive thoughtful feedback, and are excited to start on the next iteration of your work. You are an effective written and oral communicator; owning and explaining complex technical concepts is an exciting prospect for you.
You understand UX and visual design fundamentals and have a feel for how they tie into building applications. You possess strong computer science fundamentals: data structures, algorithms, and information retrieval. And finally, your accomplishments and aspirations are much more important than your paper credentials.
About the Role
The Frontend engineering team at Flourish works on everything our clients interact with on screen, both externally facing on Flourish.com as well as the internal tools that power the business. We strive to make the user experience as clear, concise and beautiful on the surface through layout and style, while also making our apps streamlined and performant under the hood.
An engineer in this role will work in close collaboration with our design and product teams to implement brand new features that manage our critical financial data and operations across every established Flourish business as well as our innovative new and upcoming products.  They will be the technical point person for an entire feature, diving deep to absorb and implement business logic while collaborating with their own team and other engineering groups at Flourish to bring a project to life on the screen. Outside of business initiatives, they will work on keeping our projects and code up to date with the latest industry standards for web technology, including but not limited to visual design, UX, security, accessibility, and search engine optimization.
Basic Requirements

Bachelors in Computer Science, Math, Physics or Engineering or equivalent working experience
3 years of software engineering experience
Understanding and experience with modern Javascript (React) and CSS
Understanding of the modern web (Responsive UI, SPA, REST APIs, SEO)
Familiarity with Web Application Security risks and best practices
Familiarity and interest with Node and server side Javascript
Experience with website testing frameworks and tools (We use Jest and Cypress)
Examples of previously shipped UI products or features
Ability to work independently and as part of a fast moving team
Ready to learn, but just as ready to teach

Nice to Haves

GraphQL experience (We use Apollo)
Typescript Experience
Open source contributions
Mobile development experience
Full StackBackend familiarity or experience
Experience or Interest in financial planning and fintechinsurtech
MS or PhD in Computer Science, Math, Physics or Engineering

At Flourish, we focus on ensuring fair, equitable pay by providing competitive salaries, along with bonus and incentive opportunities and benefits for all employees.
Base Salary Range: 116,300 - 180,800 plus bonusDisclosures:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
1 The Flourish business is owned by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual). Flourish Financial LLC and Flourish Digital Assets LLC are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of MassMutual.