



Flourish was founded in 2017 with the goal of helping financial advisors to better secure the financial futures of their clients. We focus on independent Registered Investment Advisers (RIAs), delivering financial products that advisors cant easily access today through beautiful, scalable, and easy-to-use technology.
Today, we work with over 600 RIAs that collectively represent more than 1.5T in assets under management across two products: Flourish Cash, a cash management solution with more than 3B in deposits, and Flourish Crypto, a turnkey cryptocurrency offering built for financial advisors and their clients. Headquartered in New York City, we are an independent subsidiary of MassMutual Life Insurance Company1.
Read on if you are interested in joining a small, highly collaborative, rapidly growing startup—backed by the support and stability of a Fortune 500 company.



About You
The ideal candidate is a strategic-thinking B2B marketer with experience across the marketing spectrum and with a special interest in demand genperformance marketing. You have led campaigns from strategy to execution across channels including social, email, print, and digital ads. You know how to work cross-functionally to bring designers, writers, and coders together to take a campaign from concept to successful completion.
In this role, you will focus on actively managing campaigns to ensure they are optimized and returning meaningful results. You should be comfortable in a multi-faceted role responsible for a product and helping other product lines with paid campaigns. You:

enjoy working with the sales org to strategize on best ways to target leads and circling back on the quality of leads delivered.
love to look at data and tweak campaigns to maximize results. Youre not afraid to pull the plug when something just isnt delivering.
have great judgment in how and where the brand shows up.

About the Role
Our growing marketing organization is looking for a well-rounded marketer with expertise in growthperformance marketing to round out our team. This role reports to the Head of Marketing and works closely with marketing, sales, legal, design, and product to create great marketing programs across product lines.
You will have a key role in the launch of our next gen product and support across products as SME for performance marketing and paid media campaigns. Youll drive creation and management of paid campaigns in industry-focused outlets, maximize exposure and brand engagement, and drive leads to Flourish.com.
Principal Responsibilities

Responsible for paid media campaigns, from strategy and budgeting through to creative development, trafficking and reporting.
Understand the industry media landscape and build relationships across media outlets to identify opportunities for Flourish, especially programs with high visibility
Negotiate rates and manage IOs
Manage design resources to deliver visually outstanding ads
Work with legal and compliance to ensure all ads meet requirements
Manage marketing launch of next gen product line including coordinating development of messaging strategy, web pages, collateral, paid media, content, email marketing and liaising with PR to ensure messaging alignment

Qualifications

Bachelors degree
7 years B2B marketing experience with at least 2 years focus on demand genperformance marketing
2 years agency experience preferred
Financial services experience required. Wealth management or insurance experience preferred
Experience with Hubspot strongly preferred. Knowledge of SendGrid is a plus

At Flourish, we focus on ensuring fair, equitable pay by providing competitive salaries, along with bonus and incentive opportunities and benefits for all employees.
Base Salary Range: 100,300 - 156,000 plus bonusDisclosures:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
1 The Flourish business is owned by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual). Flourish Financial LLC and Flourish Digital Assets LLC are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of MassMutual.