



Flourish was founded in 2017 with the goal of helping financial advisors to better secure the financial futures of their clients. We focus on independent Registered Investment Advisers (RIAs), delivering financial products that advisors cant easily access today through beautiful, scalable, and easy-to-use technology.
Today, we work with over 600 RIAs that collectively represent more than 1.5T in assets under management across two products: Flourish Cash, a cash management solution with more than 3B in deposits, and Flourish Crypto, a turnkey cryptocurrency offering built for financial advisors and their clients. Headquartered in New York City, we are an independent subsidiary of MassMutual Life Insurance Company1.
Read on if you are interested in joining a small, highly collaborative, rapidly growing startup—backed by the support and stability of a Fortune 500 company.



About You
You have a passion for finance, technology and sales. You are a skilled communicator, both verbally and in writing, and you enjoy explaining complex topics in a concise, clear and engaging manner. You are highly self-motivated and enjoy working in a collaborative team environment.
You are excited to join a fast-paced, financial technology startup, and are motivated by the prospect of contributing to our sales efforts—whether through direct client interactions or by contributing to our sales operations, technology, onboarding or support. You always take the initiative, have an execution-oriented mindset, and you are comfortable managing multiple concurrent workstreams.
About the Role
As an early member of our business development team, you will play an integral role on our sales team by contributing to all facets of our sales efforts. Your core responsibility will be helping to source and schedule meetings for the business development team, whether through qualifying inbound leads, managing conferences, events and lead lists, or generating new leads from outbound efforts, oftentimes working independently while managing multiple initiatives. We will count on you to research untapped markets, identify potential relationships and share newly found industry knowledge with the team. As an external facing member of the team, sharp writing skills and the ability to think on your feet are vital.
However, success in this role will stretch beyond direct sales efforts: you may contribute to our overall sales efforts by helping with conferences and events, digging into metrics and reporting, assisting in onboarding of new clients and overall customer success, managing our CRM and sales technology and more.
Responsibilities

Manage leads across multiple channels, including inbounds, marketing-generated leads and conferencesevents
Schedule meetings for the Business Development Team and qualify sales opportunities
Research new markets and identify new clients
Manage new lead sources, including list creation and management
Drive lead creation through outbound sales outreach—both email and over the phone
Help with conferences and events, including logistics, set-up and follow-up
Assist with customer success, including helping to onboard and follow-up with new firms
Contribute to CRM, sales technology, reporting, and team operations

Qualifications

Bachelors degree
3 years of related experience
Financial services background or true personal expertise with finance
Technology company background or native comfort with technology
Either have a Series 7 or are willing to quickly get one
Strong written and verbal communications
Ability to work independently as part of a fast moving team with minimal guidance
Capable of handling broad scope projects
Ability to problem solve, shift priorities quickly, and independently manage multiple workstreams

At Flourish, we focus on ensuring fair, equitable pay by providing competitive salaries, along with bonus and incentive opportunities and benefits for all employees.
Base Salary Range: 67,500 - 105,000 plus bonusDisclosures:
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
1 The Flourish business is owned by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual). Flourish Financial LLC and Flourish Digital Assets LLC are indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries of MassMutual.