Who we are
Fluxon is a global product development company founded by ex-Googlers and startup founders. We work with fast-growing startups and tech leaders like Google, Stripe and Zapier to deliver the worlds most innovative products. Bringing together strong expertise across disciplines and industries, Fluxon offers full-cycle software development: from ideation and design to build and go-to-market.
Currently, we are looking for an experienced Senior Product Designer to join our team. Our HQ is in San Francisco, but this position is based in Portugal preferably in Lisbon.
Who you are
You are a master of bringing ideas into reality and an incredibly effective communicator. You are obsessed with breaking new creative ground, through crafting the best ideas and telling the best stories through design. You like working in a team because you believe the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. You have high integrity, a strong work ethic and you enjoy life outside of work. 
If this sounds like you, we would love to chat!
Key responsibilities

Collaborate with stakeholders to translate business goals into unique product experiences.
Work closely with the development teams to create and implement design for both client and  internal products.
Conduct user requirements analysis, task analysis, conceptual modeling, information architecture design, interaction design, and usability testing.
Promote a culture of empathy for the end-user.
Stay up to date with new technologies, industry, and design trends and demonstrate a passion for learning.

Qualifications

A skilled storyteller and conceptor with experience working in a multidisciplinary environment to develop concepts that delight customers and deliver business results.
Experience in a customer-facing role and in mentoring a team of gifted creatives.
Strong information presentation (visual and written) skills.
A solid grasp of user-centered design and testing methodologies, subsystems, and usability and accessibility concerns.
Passion about all things UX and other areas of design and innovation.
Expert in graphic design, typography, iconography, styling, and animation.
Experience working in an Agile development environment.
Previous experience with and passion for startups.
Experience working with US or European clients.

What we offer

Exposure to high-profile SV startups and enterprise companies
Competitive salary
Fully remote work with flexible hours 
Flexible paid time off
Profit-sharing program
Healthcare
Parental leave, including adoption and fostering
Gym membership and tuition reimbursement
Hands-on career development
