Who we are
Fluxon is a global product development company founded by ex-Googlers and startup founders. We work with fast-growing startups and tech leaders like Google, Stripe and Zapier to deliver the worlds most innovative products. Bringing together strong expertise across disciplines and industries, Fluxon offers full-cycle software development: from ideation and design to build and go-to-market.
Currently, we are looking for an experienced Senior Software Engineer to join our team. Our HQ is in San Francisco, but this position is based in Poland preferably in Krakow, Wroclaw, or Gdansk.
Who you are
You are a master of coding and you can build any application from end-to-end. You can work at any company in the world, but you choose us because were always striving to innovate. You are brilliant, yet humble. You like working in a team, because you believe the whole is greater than the sum of its parts.You have high integrity and a strong work ethic. You are organised and self-motivated and you enjoy life outside of work. 
If this sounds like you, we would love to chat!
Key responsibilities

Create beautiful user experiences, delivering the end-to-end implementation all the way to the user.
Engage directly with our clients to understand requirements, give demos, and debug production issues.
Learn fast and work independently and reliably.

Qualifications

Mature software engineer generalist familiar with wide-range of technologies, who chooses appropriate tools and design patterns to solve complex problems, producing simple and reliable application architectures.
Fluent in JavaScript, HTML, CSS and modern web development practices.
Expert with the full application stack

React, Angular, Vue, or other modern frontend frameworks.
Node, Rails, Django, or similar backend frameworks.
PostgreSQL, MySQL, or other database technology.

Experienced with developer operations: release management, testing, monitoring.
Familiar with key web technologies: DNS, TCPIP, HTTP(S).
Upper-Intermediate level of English.
Typescript.
GraphQL (with Apollo Client), ApolloServer.
React Native cross platform app development.
Native iOS or Android app development.
Other programming languages (Go, Java, Elixir, Ruby, Python, etc).
Google Cloud Platform and Google App Engine, AWS, Heroku or other hosting platforms.

What we offer

Exposure to high-profile SV startups and enterprise companies.
Competitive salary.
Fully remote work with flexible hours.
Flexible paid time off.
Profit-sharing program.
Healthcare.
Parental leave, including adoption and fostering.
Gym membership and tuition reimbursement.
Hands-on career development.
