Who we are
Fluxon is a global product development company founded by ex-Googlers and startup founders. We work with fast-growing startups and tech leaders like Google, Stripe and Zapier to deliver the worlds most innovative products. Bringing together strong expertise across disciplines and industries, Fluxon offers full-cycle software development: from ideation and design to build and go-to-market.
Currently, we are looking for an experienced Senior Technical Project Manager to join our team. Our HQ is in San Francisco, but this position is based in Portugal preferably in Lisbon.
Who you are
You are a master of project management and you can lead any application from end-to-end. You can work at any company in the world, but you choose us because were always striving to innovate. You are brilliant, yet humble. You like working in a team, because you believe the whole is greater than the sum of its parts.You have high integrity and a strong work ethic. You are organised and self-motivated and you enjoy life outside of work. 
If this sounds like you, we would love to chat!
Key responsibilities

Coordinates cross-functionally with Product and Engineers to identify  define specifications, and continuously communicate project status and needs.
Background in using Confluence and Jira to hands-on manage projects.
Ensures that all PM reports are accurate and are updated in a timely manner.
Provide management visibility into project progress, while supporting effective decision-making, approvals, and direction.
Organise and conduct periodic project reviews with key stakeholders to provide progress and plan to key milestones, manage key decisions and mitigate risks.
Expert ability to develop project plans, manage individual deadlines and goals.
Understand the domain and know the experts to ask the right questions to prioritise and perform necessary follow-ups to resolve issues.
Leverage past experiences to identify potential areas of improvement in project performance and sharing of best practices related to overall project management.

Qualifications

Bachelors degree required, Engineering background is a bonus.
Fluent in English and have experience working directly with Executives.
Minimum 5 years engineering project management experience; 3 years Agile project management experience.
Solid experience with Agile, 1-week sprints with Program Increment planning.
Demonstrated ability to bring structure to ambiguous environments and relate well to people at all levels of the organisation.
Demonstrated experience working with global product teams and engineers.
Ability to understand complex technical concepts and communicate them to non-technical stakeholders.
Ability to influence change outside of your span of control and build stakeholder support.
Strong negotiation skills and the ability to get results through formal channels and informal networking within a matrix project organisation.
Strong and concise verbal presentation and written skills.
Self-starter who is energetic, enthusiastic, adaptable and a customer-oriented team player.
Ability to work with multiple cross-functional groups, including business and technical teams.

What we offer

Exposure to high-profile SV startups and enterprise companies
Competitive salary
Fully remote work with flexible hours 
Flexible paid time off
Profit-sharing program
Healthcare
Parental leave, including adoption and fostering
Gym membership and tuition reimbursement
Hands-on career development
