Who we are
Fluxon is a global product development company founded by ex-Googlers and startup founders. We work with fast-growing startups and tech leaders like Google, Stripe and Zapier to deliver the worlds most innovative products. Bringing together strong expertise across disciplines and industries, Fluxon offers full-cycle software development: from ideation and design to build and go-to-market.
Currently, we are looking for an experienced Software Engineering Lead to join our team. Our HQ is in San Francisco, but this position is based in Portugal preferably Lisbon.
Who you are
You are a master of coding and you can build any application from end-to-end. You can work at any company in the world, but you choose us because were always striving to innovate. You are brilliant, yet humble. You like working in a team, because you believe the whole is greater than the sum of its parts.You have high integrity and a strong work ethic. You are organised and self-motivated and you enjoy life outside of work. 
If this sounds like you, we would love to chat!
Key responsibilities

Lead a team of software engineers through the life of a project, from conception to deployment to end users. 
Engage directly with clients to understand requirements, communicate progress, demo functionality and prototypes, and help resolve production issues.
Stay abreast of the latest technologies in software engineering to guide technical decisions.
Learn fast and work independently and reliably.

Qualifications

Upper-Intermediate level of English.
Mature software engineer generalist. Strong technical skills and familiarity with a wide range of technologies. Comfortable choosing the appropriate tools and design patterns to solve complex problems, and producing simple and reliable application architectures.
Excellent communication skills. Capable of effectively communicating with team members, company stakeholders and customers, both written and verbally.
Expert in modern languages, technologies and web development practices across the whole stack:

TypeScript, JavaScript, Python or order modern languages.
React, Angular, Vue, or other modern frontend frameworks.
NodeJS, Ruby on Rails, or similar backend frameworks.
PostgreSQL, MySQL, or other database technologies


Familiar with Google Cloud Platform, AWS, Heroku or other hosting platforms.
Experienced with developer operations: release management, testing and monitoring.
Experienced in other technologies and platforms:

React Native or other cross platform app development frameworks.
Native iOS or Android app development.
Other programming languages (Go, Java, Elixir, Ruby, Python, etc).



What we offer

Exposure to high-profile SV startups and enterprise companies.
Competitive salary.
Fully remote work with flexible hours.
Flexible paid time off.
Profit-sharing program.
Healthcare.
Parental leave, including adoption and fostering.
Gym membership and tuition reimbursement.
Hands-on career development.
