Who we are
Fluxon is a global product development company founded by ex-Googlers and startup founders. We work with fast-growing startups and tech leaders like Google, Stripe and Zapier to deliver the worlds most innovative products. Bringing together strong expertise across disciplines and industries, Fluxon offers full-cycle software development: from ideation and design to build and go-to-market.
Currently, we are looking for an experienced Senior Product Manager to join our team. Our HQ is in San Francisco, but this position is fully remote with a strong preference for a candidate based in Canada.
Who you are
You live for building and launching innovative products. You take pride in achieving the best results. You can work at any company in the world, but you choose us because were always striving to innovate. You are brilliant, yet humble. You like working in a team, because you believe the whole is greater than the sum of its parts.
If this sounds like you, we would love to chat!
      
Key responsibilities   

Work closely with our clients and internal teams to ensure that a complete product with an excellent value proposition is being designed and delivered to the market.
Coordinates cross-functionally with engineers, UIUX team and business owners to identify define specifications, and continuously communicate project status and needs.
Be responsible for feature trade-offs and prioritization during the product development process. Ensure that the products being built meet the defined specifications.
Provide management visibility into project progress, while supporting effective decision- making, approvals, and direction.    
Organize and conduct periodic project reviews with key stakeholders to provide progress and plan to key milestones, manage key decisions and mitigate risks.
Understand the domain and know the experts to ask the right questions to prioritize and perform necessary follow-ups to resolve issues.

Qualifications         

Bachelors degree required. MBA or Engineering background is a bonus.
Have experience working directly with Executives
Minimum 5 years product management experience.
Demonstrated ability to bring structure to ambiguous environments and relate well to people at all levels of the organization.
Demonstrated experience working with global product teams and engineers.
Ability to understand complex technical concepts and communicate them to non-technical stakeholders.
Ability to influence change outside of your span of control and build stakeholder support.
Strong negotiation skills and the ability to get results through formal channels and informal networking within a matrix project organization.
Strong and concise verbal presentation and written skills.
Self-starter who is energetic, enthusiastic, adaptable and a customer-oriented team player.

What we offer

Exposure to high-profile SV startups and enterprise companies.
Competitive salary.
Fully remote work with flexible hours.
Flexible paid time off.
Profit-sharing program.
Healthcare.
Parental leave, including adoption and fostering.
Gym membership and tuition reimbursement.
Hands-on career development.
