Forbes believes in the power of entrepreneurial capitalism and uses it on various platforms to ignite the conversations that drive systemic change in business, culture and society. We celebrate success and are committed to using our megaphone to drive diversity, equity and inclusion.Forbes is looking for a Politics Reporter for its News Desk. The ideal candidate should be politics-obsessed, plugged into the national conversation, with a passion for spotting emerging stories and bigger trends in Washington and beyond. Top candidates will have a deep understanding of the way power and policy work on the Hill and in the media, and will be ready to help chronicle the midterms, the 2024 election, and the myriad political stories that emerge along the way. This is a desk job. Reporters can be based anywhere and will be expected to write an average of three stories a day. 
This is a temporary position with potential for full time employment.
Responsibilities:

Jump on breaking and major news stories that make sense for a general Forbes audience, quickly turning around articles with sharp, story-advancing approaches and angles.
Identify fresh and interesting stories that have not already been widely shared.
Brainstorm original approaches off the news.
Write multiple posts on any given topic every day.
Clearly communicate across Forbes multiple editorial departments and contributors.
Write accurate, lively and concise posts.
Track down sources quickly for interviews when necessary.
Strong headline writing skills, and comfort with anyall social media platforms.
Strong interest in and basic knowledge of business news and financial coverage.

The ideal Candidate:

1-3 years of experience as a full-time writer or editor.
Proven ability at writing quickly and accurately.
Outstanding writing, grammar and editing abilities.
An instinct and enthusiasm for identifying newsworthy, as well as shareable, stories that resonate with the target audience
Understanding of the latest content trends and technologies, including content management systems like Wordpress, Social Media and SEO best practices

The hourly rate for this role is: 28.85 - 28.85
Forbes has estimated the compensation range set forth above in good faith. The compensation range is what we believe we will offer, and ultimately pay, a successful candidate. In determining this range, we consider the experience, level of education (if applicable to the role), knowledge, skills, and abilities required to be had by a successful candidate as well as the budget and the companys pay rates, generally. This said, we may have to make changes to our compensation estimates and job descriptions from time to time and we expressly reserve the right to do so. Should we make any such changes, this advertisement will be revised to reflect such revisions.  We encourage you to occasionally re-visit this advertisement to ensure that you are abreast of any changes. Thank you for your interest in joining Forbes!
LI-RL1LI-Remote 
 Forbes aims to offer employees the flexibility they need in order to be successful. We offer a hybrid work schedule for our employees. Some roles may be fully remote (within the U.S.) if it aligns with the needs of the position
Forbes is an equal opportunity employer.
Staff and Applicant Privacy NoticeNotice of E-Verify Participation