Forbes believes in the power of entrepreneurial capitalism and uses it on various platforms to ignite the conversations that drive systemic change in business, culture and society. We celebrate success and are committed to using our megaphone to drive diversity, equity and inclusion.Forbes is seeking an enterprising, talented journalist who is comfortable with statistics to focus exclusively on architect lists and rankings. For over 40 years, Forbes has set the gold standard for lists, including the Forbes 400 and 30 Under 30. This position will sit within the editorial team and will collaborate with stakeholders across the company, including growth, revenue and SEO.
Responsibilities
You will be the central player in building new revenue-generating lists by designing high-quality quantitative and some qualitative methodologies and gathering data, seeking out external partners, using other pre-existing data andor creating new internal datasets. Once the data is collected, you will lead the editorial process—analysis, reporting, writing andor assigning and editing highly engaging and smart articles and profiles, collaborating with video, photography, social and more—to create clear, robust and compelling editorial content. You will be the voice and face of the list within the specific industry as well as for general audiences.
Requirements

At least 5 years of writing and editing in a digital newsroom. Experience working in business journalism is preferred.
Knowledge, experience and deep sourcing in the architecture field.
Working knowledge of SEO best practices
Readiness to work quickly on multiple projects with multiple stakeholders
Commitment to detail and deadlines with high-level time management and organizational skills, including maintaining an editorial calendar
Bachelors degree required

The ideal candidate

Ability to confidently take complicated or large quantities of data and turn into a clean and compelling consumer storyline that includes a list and full editorial package that will appear on- and off-platform as articles, videos, photography, social campaign and more.
Familiarity with analytics and facility in using a range of qualitative and quantitative research methods, formulas, survey design, and statistical analysis. Highly skilled in working with spreadsheets as well as common business data sources such as Hoovers and Dun  Bradstreet. An ability to tackle design and analytical challenges as they arise plus quality control checks.
Engaging interpersonal communication skills, with some people leadership experience and demonstrated ability in managing writers, both staff and freelance

The annual base salary range for this role is 115,000 - 175,000
Forbes has estimated the compensation range set forth above in good faith.  The compensation range is what we believe we will offer, and ultimately pay, a successful candidate.  In determining this range, we consider the experience, level of education (if applicable to the role), knowledge, skills, and abilities required to be had by a successful candidate as well as the budget and the companys pay rates, generally. This said, we may have to make changes to our compensation estimates and job descriptions from time to time and we expressly reserve the right to do so.  Should we make any such changes, this advertisement will be revised to reflect such revisions.  We encourage you to occasionally re-visit this advertisement to ensure that you are abreast of any changes.  Thank you for your interest in joining Forbes!
LI-PM1   
LI-Remote    Forbes aims to offer employees the flexibility they need in order to be successful. We offer a hybrid work schedule for our employees. Some roles may be fully remote (within the U.S.) if it aligns with the needs of the position
Forbes is an equal opportunity employer.
Staff and Applicant Privacy NoticeNotice of E-Verify Participation