Forbes believes in the power of entrepreneurial capitalism and uses it on various platforms to ignite the conversations that drive systemic change in business, culture and society. We celebrate success and are committed to using our megaphone to drive diversity, equity and inclusion.Newsrooms are best when they reflect different backgrounds, voices, and points of views. The Forbes Scholars Program was created as a step toward realizing this ideal, focusing on preparing and supporting emerging Black journalists and journalists of color from HBCUs interested in business journalism. Acceptance into this program includes participation in editorial workshops and mentorship, provided by senior editors leading up to a paid 812-week internship (mid-June  mid-August).
Our HBCU Scholar Interns have written dozens of posts for Forbes.com and contributed to our flagship lists, including the Forbes Under 30, Top Colleges, Cloud 100 and more. As an HBCU Scholar, you will be assigned to a beat—Business, Education, Innovation, Lifestyle, Money, Wealth  Leadership, Video  Social — and work closely with your corresponding editor throughout the summer. You will receive support and mentorship to meet professional goals, accelerate your learning and hone your writing and storytelling skills.
This role can be fully remote (within the U.S.), in-person based out of Jersey City, NJ, or on a hybrid work schedule.
About the role:
Our HBCU Scholars program is one of the ways we identify and hire top talent within our organization. Many of our HBCU Scholars have transitioned to full-time roles within our newsroom. We are looking for rising journalists who embody the Forbes entrepreneurial spirit to innovate, identify new opportunities and who are passionate about learning.
Responsibilities:

Pitch, report and write stories on Forbes.com.
Conduct research related to list rankings (contact sources, gather documents and data, write short profiles).
Create photo galleries and infographics.
Fact-check the Daily Cover Story on Forbes.com and magazine stories.
Manage social media campaigns and social engagement strategies.
Research emerging trends, prospective contributors and attend industry events specific to your teamchannel.
Collaborate with Forbes staffers on special projects as needed.

Requirements:

Rising senior from an HBCU. Expected graduation date must be between December 2024 and June 2025.
Journalism major, role at a collegiate publication, OR previous journalism internship.
Prior experience in fact-checking, reporting, writing, and editing.
Solid news judgment with understanding of journalistic standards and editorial ethics.
Experience with publishing platforms, current digital and social media technologies and SEO best practices.
Interest in businessentrepreneurship and understanding of basic financial termsfigures.
Ability to analyze documents during research.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Ability to multitask and meet deadlines.

About Our Summer Intern Program

Our internships are paid.
This internship is approximately 40 hoursweek Monday-Friday.
Internships begin in June 2024
Interns are invited to weekly presentations to hear from leaders within the organization.

How to Apply

In your application, please include: 1) your resume, 2) a cover letter describing yourself, why Forbes and what you can bring to the Forbes newsroom, and 3) three published clips (written or video clips).
Candidates that are selected for interviews will be contacted on a rolling basis.

The hourly rate for this role is 21.00 - 21.00
Forbes has estimated the compensation range set forth above in good faith.  The compensation range is what we believe we will offer, and ultimately pay, a successful candidate.  In determining this range, we consider the experience, level of education (if applicable to the role), knowledge, skills, and abilities required to be had by a successful candidate as well as the budget and the companys pay rates, generally. This said, we may have to make changes to our compensation estimates and job descriptions from time to time and we expressly reserve the right to do so.  Should we make any such changes, this advertisement will be revised to reflect such revisions.  We encourage you to occasionally re-visit this advertisement to ensure that you are abreast of any changes.  Thank you for your interest in joining Forbes!Forbes aims to offer employees the flexibility they need in order to be successful. We offer a hybrid work schedule for our employees. Some roles may be fully remote (within the U.S.) if it aligns with the needs of the position
Forbes is an equal opportunity employer.
Staff and Applicant Privacy NoticeNotice of E-Verify Participation