Forbes believes in the power of entrepreneurial capitalism and uses it on various platforms to ignite the conversations that drive systemic change in business, culture and society. We celebrate success and are committed to using our megaphone to drive diversity, equity and inclusion.Forbes is looking for an editorial operations coordinator to join our newsroom. This role encompasses both executive administrative responsibilities and editorial operations support. This individual will be the assistant to the Chief Content Officer and will have a unique opportunity to see—through a wide-ranging and varied lens—how a multi-million dollar media operation runs. In addition to supporting the CCO in his day-to-day scheduling and administrative tasks, were looking for someone with enthusiasm and drive, who will have the ability to pivot on a dime, possesses journalistic curiosity and operates with the utmost discretion at all times.
 RESPONSIBILITIES
Supporting Chief Content Officer: 

Approve expenses for newsroom leadership team
Approve editorial invoices
Approve time-off requests for newsroom leadership team
Manage CCOs calendar and expenses
Send event invitations from CCOs email address and track responses
Prepare CCOs slide presentations, proposal decks, speaking opportunities and travel briefs
Schedule and make all arrangements for leadership meetings and events

Staff Support

Co-coordinate staff development series
Work with Assistant Managing Editor on internship program
Setup access and send onboarding email information for new hires
Own mass calendar invitations
Update email listservs
Maintain new hire guides and other editorial documents
Offboard exiting employees
Oversee editorial approval of employee speaking engagements at external events
Oversee submissions process for industry awards
Coordinate Editorial office needs, including but not limited to opening mail, answering calls, ordering office supplies and managing subscriptions

Fact-checking: 

Oversee fact-checking pool and train new hires on process
Maintain guides and schedules

Content:

Facilitate writing and fact-checking of magazine cover and Table of Contents
Manage Editorial magazine calendar
Manage magazine Editorial distribution list
Update Masthead for each magazine
Fact-check editors magazine column
Help compile quotes for magazine Thoughts page
Choose and schedule daily Quote of the Day for social media and website homepage

Events  Partnerships:

Assist, as directed, in carrying out events and partnerships (including managing attendee communications, programming agenda, proposal decks, contracts, payments, editorial print and digital deliverables, post-event data)

The Ideal Candidate

Must have previous experience managing the day-to-day administrative tasks of a high-level executive
Will be required to work onsite in the Jersey City office up to five days per week
Discretion is required
Must execute superb written and verbal communication
Must by hyper-organized
Must be an expert in the Microsoft Outlook suite of products especially Powerpoint
Must be an expert in the Google Suite suite of products
Must be unflappable under pressure and unfazed by speaking to and dealing with high-profile celebrities and corporate leaders
Bachelors degree required
Previous journalism experience preferred

The annual base salary range for this role is 65,000 - 85,000
Forbes has estimated the compensation range set forth above in good faith.  The compensation range is what we believe we will offer, and ultimately pay, a successful candidate.  In determining this range, we consider the experience, level of education (if applicable to the role), knowledge, skills, and abilities required to be had by a successful candidate as well as the budget and the companys pay rates, generally. This said, we may have to make changes to our compensation estimates and job descriptions from time to time and we expressly reserve the right to do so.  Should we make any such changes, this advertisement will be revised to reflect such revisions.  We encourage you to occasionally re-visit this advertisement to ensure that you are abreast of any changes.  Thank you for your interest in joining Forbes!
LI-PM1   Forbes aims to offer employees the flexibility they need in order to be successful. We offer a hybrid work schedule for our employees. Some roles may be fully remote (within the U.S.) if it aligns with the needs of the position
Forbes is an equal opportunity employer.
Staff and Applicant Privacy NoticeNotice of E-Verify Participation