Forbes believes in the power of entrepreneurial capitalism and uses it on various platforms to ignite the conversations that drive systemic change in business, culture and society. We celebrate success and are committed to using our megaphone to drive diversity, equity and inclusion.Forbes seeks an enterprising senior writer to cover the world of finance and Wall Street, including private equity, hedge funds and banking. 
Responsibilities:

Full ownership of Wall Street, Banking and Deals beat
Writes impactful articles, as well as the second-day analysis of news stories
Breaks news and scoops
Conceives, reports and writes features stories, which are often investigative
Participates in the creation of various Forbes lists and corresponding articles related to these lists
Participates in Forbes live events and webinars, and in videos related to his coverage
Mentors junior staffers and interns
Fact checks own articles when necessary

Requirements:

Bachelors Degree
Experience in journalism or related field
Deeply sourced
Works independently, coming up with ideas and reporting on stories sometimes with little direction
Understanding of finance and comfort with financial figures and terms
Ability to delve into and understand financial documents
Interest in covering markets, investing, private capital, Wall Street as well as successful entrepreneurs and business leaders
Strong analytical, reporting and communication skills

The annual base salary range for this role is 115,000 - 175,000
Forbes has estimated the compensation range set forth above in good faith.  The compensation range is what we believe we will offer, and ultimately pay, a successful candidate.  In determining this range, we consider the experience, level of education (if applicable to the role), knowledge, skills, and abilities required to be had by a successful candidate as well as the budget and the companys pay rates, generally. This said, we may have to make changes to our compensation estimates and job descriptions from time to time and we expressly reserve the right to do so.  Should we make any such changes, this advertisement will be revised to reflect such revisions.  We encourage you to occasionally re-visit this advertisement to ensure that you are abreast of any changes.  Thank you for your interest in joining Forbes!
LI-PM1   
LI-Remote    Forbes aims to offer employees the flexibility they need in order to be successful. We offer a hybrid work schedule for our employees. Some roles may be fully remote (within the U.S.) if it aligns with the needs of the position
Forbes is an equal opportunity employer.
Staff and Applicant Privacy NoticeNotice of E-Verify Participation