Forbes believes in the power of entrepreneurial capitalism and uses it on various platforms to ignite the conversations that drive systemic change in business, culture and society. We celebrate success and are committed to using our megaphone to drive diversity, equity and inclusion.Forbes is growing its Video News Team and seeking a Booker to help our on-camera journalists book guests for our variety of digital-first video programs. The ideal candidate will have a major interest in news, politics, culture, and entertainment, with a broad knowledge of news and journalism and the writers, pundits, and thinkers therein. The ideal candidate will have the ability to work in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment, with a group of talented reporters and producers to contact guests, schedule interviews, develop ongoing relationships with guests, and keep our studio schedule. Interest in news and politics is a must.
Responsibilities

Contacting guests  politicians, pundits, journalists, experts, in-house talent, business leaders  for interviews
Scheduling guests both in-studio and in-person and ensuring that their needs are met
Managing the studio schedule so that interviews are not double-booked
Sending completed interviews to guests
Maintaining an ever-growing database of guests
Occasional light editorial work (hedsdescriptions) when needed and time permits

Requirements

This a hybrid role requiring on site presence at our Jersey City Office, Forbes summits and events.Weekly schedules will vary depending on the needs of the business. It is our expectation that you will be based in the NYNJCT tri-state area.
1 years experience as a booker
Outstanding time management skills
Thorough knowledge of news and journalism
Ability to adapt to fast-paced environments

 
The hourly rate for this role is 24.00 - 35.00
Forbes has estimated the compensation range set forth above in good faith.  The compensation range is what we believe we will offer, and ultimately pay, a successful candidate.  In determining this range, we consider the experience, level of education (if applicable to the role), knowledge, skills, and abilities required to be had by a successful candidate as well as the budget and the companys pay rates, generally. This said, we may have to make changes to our compensation estimates and job descriptions from time to time and we expressly reserve the right to do so.  Should we make any such changes, this advertisement will be revised to reflect such revisions.  We encourage you to occasionally re-visit this advertisement to ensure that you are abreast of any changes.  Thank you for your interest in joining Forbes!
 
LI-hybrid
LI-AS1
 Forbes aims to offer employees the flexibility they need in order to be successful. We offer a hybrid work schedule for our employees. Some roles may be fully remote (within the U.S.) if it aligns with the needs of the position
Forbes is an equal opportunity employer.
Staff and Applicant Privacy NoticeNotice of E-Verify Participation