Forbes believes in the power of entrepreneurial capitalism and uses it on various platforms to ignite the conversations that drive systemic change in business, culture and society. We celebrate success and are committed to using our megaphone to drive diversity, equity and inclusion.The Senior Director of Digital Subscription  Membership Sales is responsible for business development driving corporate subscriptions for Forbes.com. The ideal candidate is a smart, ambitious, naturally curious hunter, with proven experience in selling bulk and corporate subscriptions for a publisher.
The incumbent will research, package and close new business opportunities, expand relationships with corporations, universities and current Forbes partners plus identify trends and new categories of potential partners with the goal of growing the membership base.
This role can be permanently remote or based out of our Jersey City, NJ office and will be an integral part of the Customer Experience Growth team. 
What Youll Do: 

Responsible for driving corporate subscriptions sales, along with managing all end to end sales activities
Cultivate, build and maintain new relationships with potential partner organizations and companies whose members and employees would benefit from access to unlimited Forbes award winning content
Develop and execute a comprehensive digital subscriptionmembership sales strategy aligned with sales goals
Create and deliver winning proposals and programs that increase membership through bulk sales
Identify, review and recommend opportunities for new revenue streams and expansion opportunities
Maintain deep knowledge and understanding of Forbes plus media and membership industry trends
Serve as an external representative of the Forbes Customer Experience Growth team in a positive and enthusiastic manner

The Ideal Candidate Will Have:

Proven track record of at least 8 years experience in corporate subscription sales
Strong understanding of digital subscriptions packaging, pricing and winning sales strategies 
Experience working for a publisher
Ability to think strategically, build a tactical plan and execute
Highly organized, keen attention to detail and strong leadership skills 
An eye for process improvement and efficiency when implementing new ideas
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Impeccable communication and relationship-management skills with both internal and external stakeholders
A natural ability to deliver convincing pitches through spoken and written word
Adaptable with a proven ability to thrive in a fast-paced digital media environment

 
The annual base salary range for this role is 150,000 - 170,000
Forbes has estimated the compensation range set forth above in good faith.  The compensation range is what we believe we will offer, and ultimately pay, a successful candidate.  In determining this range, we consider the experience, level of education (if applicable to the role), knowledge, skills, and abilities required to be had by a successful candidate as well as the budget and the companys pay rates, generally. This said, we may have to make changes to our compensation estimates and job descriptions from time to time and we expressly reserve the right to do so.  Should we make any such changes, this advertisement will be revised to reflect such revisions.  We encourage you to occasionally re-visit this advertisement to ensure that you are abreast of any changes.  Thank you for your interest in joining Forbes!
 
LI-KB1
LI-RemoteForbes aims to offer employees the flexibility they need in order to be successful. We offer a hybrid work schedule for our employees. Some roles may be fully remote (within the U.S.) if it aligns with the needs of the position
Forbes is an equal opportunity employer.
Staff and Applicant Privacy NoticeNotice of E-Verify Participation