Forbes believes in the power of entrepreneurial capitalism and uses it on various platforms to ignite the conversations that drive systemic change in business, culture and society. We celebrate success and are committed to using our megaphone to drive diversity, equity and inclusion.Forbes is seeking a creative SEO Optimizer to join our growing SEO team.
The SEO Optimizer will serve as a key role, supporting our efforts to grow, expand and more effectively manage optimization of Forbes content  This is a hands-on role.  The position, reporting into the Sr. Manager of SEO  Content Strategy, will work collaboratively with our Editors in optimization of content across the site to help grow our audience. As a member of the SEO team, you will have a strong voice in the quality and depth of the content we produce, which will directly serve the needs of our readers and drive positive business outcomes. In addition to joining a high-performing team, you would be joining a passionate and engaged culture.
This is a remote role with an option to commute to the Jersey City Forbes office if desired.
What Youll Do:

Working closely with editorial to provide daily trending keywords and stories for creation.
Identify and implement internal link optimization of existing and new stories to aid SEO efforts.
Conduct competitor analysis to identify gaps in our content coverage and areas of opportunity.
Provide a variety of operational and administrative support tasks as assigned by SEO Lead.
Responsible for optimizing Forbes news  contributor content for Meta data, headline and more.
Provide real-time assistance to writers  editors on SEO best practices.
Utilize multiple platforms, Google Search Console, Google Trends and like programs daily.
Ideas we havent thought of that youll contribute! 

What Youll Bring:  

1-2 years experience in a similar SEO-related role, with a focus on content; Publisher experience is a plus
Experience conducting keyword research and Trends analysis with Google Trends as well as other tools to monitor real-time trends in news.
Knowledge and experience using website analytic tools (SEMrush, Google Analytics, etc.).
Well organized with a good eye for detail
Team player with all-hands-on-deck attitude and an entrepreneurial mind-set.
A willingness to experiment, iterate, innovate, and fail quickly.

The annual base salary for this role is 60,000.
Forbes has estimated the compensation range set forth above in good faith.  The compensation range is what we believe we will offer, and ultimately pay, a successful candidate.  In determining this range, we consider the experience, level of education (if applicable to the role), knowledge, skills, and abilities required to be had by a successful candidate as well as the budget and the companys pay rates, generally. This said, we may have to make changes to our compensation estimates and job descriptions from time to time and we expressly reserve the right to do so.  Should we make any such changes, this advertisement will be revised to reflect such revisions.  We encourage you to occasionally re-visit this advertisement to ensure that you are abreast of any changes.  Thank you for your interest in joining Forbes!
LI-KB1
LI-RemoteForbes aims to offer employees the flexibility they need in order to be successful. We offer a hybrid work schedule for our employees. Some roles may be fully remote (within the U.S.) if it aligns with the needs of the position
Forbes is an equal opportunity employer.
Staff and Applicant Privacy NoticeNotice of E-Verify Participation