Forbes believes in the power of entrepreneurial capitalism and uses it on various platforms to ignite the conversations that drive systemic change in business, culture and society. We celebrate success and are committed to using our megaphone to drive diversity, equity and inclusion.Forbes is looking for an enthusiastic, creative problem-solver to book talent for Forbes tentpole events built around franchises like Under30 and Creators. This person should be up to date with the most interesting personalities not only in the world of entertainment but also in business, innovation and entrepreneurship. They will have a hand in scheduling all our big-name talent and be the go-to for the newsroom. They will work closely with our Chief Content Officer and with other corporate departments to bring best-in-class live journalism to our consumers. 
Responsibilities:

Secure celebrities and high-profile entrepreneurs and business leaders for live Forbes journalism tentpole events
Help editors in programming for their summits
Manage talent on-site
Work with Forbes Live team on planning events
Foster relationships with entertainment reps, PR companies and organizations with an eye toward programming future events
Occasionally, help to book talent for videos produced by video team
Own the schedule tracking all our talent for live events and the higher-profile talent for our videos

The Ideal Candidate:

Bachelors Degree
5 years securing talent for editorial properties, either on staff or for an agency
Deeply sourced with contacts in the entertainment and business worlds
Knows the personalities making news now and those about to break big
Works independently, with little direction
Familiarity with financial and entrepreneurial superstars

The annual base salary range for this role is 115,000 - 135,000
Forbes has estimated the compensation range set forth above in good faith.  The compensation range is what we believe we will offer, and ultimately pay, a successful candidate.  In determining this range, we consider the experience, level of education (if applicable to the role), knowledge, skills, and abilities required to be had by a successful candidate as well as the budget and the companys pay rates, generally. This said, we may have to make changes to our compensation estimates and job descriptions from time to time and we expressly reserve the right to do so.  Should we make any such changes, this advertisement will be revised to reflect such revisions.  We encourage you to occasionally re-visit this advertisement to ensure that you are abreast of any changes.  Thank you for your interest in joining Forbes!
LI-PM1   
LI-Remote    Forbes aims to offer employees the flexibility they need in order to be successful. We offer a hybrid work schedule for our employees. Some roles may be fully remote (within the U.S.) if it aligns with the needs of the position
Forbes is an equal opportunity employer.
Staff and Applicant Privacy NoticeNotice of E-Verify Participation