Forbes believes in the power of entrepreneurial capitalism and uses it on various platforms to ignite the conversations that drive systemic change in business, culture and society. We celebrate success and are committed to using our megaphone to drive diversity, equity and inclusion.The Growth team is a division within Forbes created to accelerate and drive strategic priorities around audience, engagement, and paid product subscriptions across our organization.
As a key member of the team, your primary responsibility will be to drive and accelerate growth of our primarily subscription and ecommerce based emerging products business as well as other marketing needs as a team. This is a highly visible role working with multiple stakeholders across the organization to deliver on leads and conversion.
What Youll Do:

Develop, build, and iterate on the full funnel marketing strategy function to drive revenue for the business by executing robust B2C and B2B marketing campaigns, among other product and marketing strategies including email marketing, content marketing and paid social.
Oversee and own the email marketing function including, but not limited to creating and executing email campaigns, ab testing, creating simple and complex email marketing workflows, targeting various segments to grow customer base through acquisition, retention and behavioral triggered campaigns and ensuring accurate attributiontracking and reporting.
Work with product heads and business GMs to understand their revenue and business objectives and build best in class marketing programs to execute on the mandate.
Define, build, and continually optimize email and overall marketing metrics, looking for new ways to automate, scale and innovate to deliver on goals. Includes defining and monitoring overall benchmarks such as revenue pacing, conversion optimizations, traffic delivered.
Write highly effective and conversion-driven email copy, and overtime teach best practices to other members of the team to scale the email marketing function.
Oversee all email marketing template design and creatives. Ensure that all marketing campaigns are highly optimized for conversion but meet the standard of all Forbes brand guidelines.
Architect and automate user flows. Design, develop, and optimize email marketing flows for paid products, build activation strategies, implement highly effective campaigns to drive revenue.
Implement continuous testing framework, including AB and multivariate testing, to enhance and optimize KPIs.
Develop user LTV model for the email marketing channels and oversee product marketing budgets.
Assist in building robust reporting and analytics around marketing growth initiatives. This includes partnering with other members of the growth team, business intelligence, SEO, product, and engineering teams to establish KPIs, set up tracking, build analytics and reporting, develop methodologies for measurement and attribution.
Lead a team of marketers both internal and external. May include hiring internal and external team members as needed.

The Ideal Candidate Will Have:

5-8 years of experience in a growth function, ideally focused on email marketing campaigns, focused on driving leads and conversions, e-commerce experience highly preferred.
Proven track record of growing consumer revenue (subscription and  or ecommerce) in an entrepreneurial capacity, in a consumer startup, or with an established digital brand.
Deep qualitative and technical understanding of email marketing space including best practices and can service as leader on the topic for Forbes.
Hands-on experience with ESPs and other email analytics and marketing technologies including but not limited to Marketing Cloud, Pardot, Cordial, Looker, Piano, among others.
Excellent conversion strategy and execution expertise is a must.
Experience working with high level stakeholders across the organization to align on priorities and attain buy-in across the company.

The hourly rate for this role is 80hr.
Forbes has estimated the compensation range set forth above in good faith.  The compensation range is what we believe we will offer, and ultimately pay, a successful candidate.  In determining this range, we consider the experience, level of education (if applicable to the role), knowledge, skills, and abilities required to be had by a successful candidate as well as the budget and the companys pay rates, generally. This said, we may have to make changes to our compensation estimates and job descriptions from time to time and we expressly reserve the right to do so.  Should we make any such changes, this advertisement will be revised to reflect such revisions.  We encourage you to occasionally re-visit this advertisement to ensure that you are abreast of any changes.  Thank you for your interest in joining Forbes!

LI-KB1
LI-Remote
Forbes aims to offer employees the flexibility they need in order to be successful. We offer a hybrid work schedule for our employees. Some roles may be fully remote (within the U.S.) if it aligns with the needs of the position
Forbes is an equal opportunity employer.
Staff and Applicant Privacy NoticeNotice of E-Verify Participation