Forbes believes in the power of entrepreneurial capitalism and uses it on various platforms to ignite the conversations that drive systemic change in business, culture and society. We celebrate success and are committed to using our megaphone to drive diversity, equity and inclusion.Forbes is looking to hire inquisitive college students, recent graduates or graduate students to investigate and cover the worlds wealthiest people. That person will be an integral part of the team that produces one of our most popular projects, The Worlds Billionaires list, our annual ranking of the richest people on the planet. The position will begin as early as mid-December 2023 and last until mid-April 2024.
Responsibilities include:

Gathering information on billionaires through old-school reporting: digging through financial filings and annual reports, conducting phone interviews with billionaires themselves and reaching out to third-party sources.
Helping to compile Forbes net worth estimates.
Writing bios about billionaires you cover.
Creating web features and short magazine articles about billionaires.

The ideal candidate:

Prior experience in writing or finance.
Interest in delving into financial documents.
Interest in covering successful entrepreneurs and businesspeople.
Strong analytical and reporting skills.
Comfort with financial figures and terms.

How to Apply
We will be accepting applications through November 15, 2023.
In your application, please include:

Your resume
A cover letter describing yourself, why youre interested in Forbes and what you can bring to the Forbes newsroom.
3 written clips
Candidates who are selected for interviews will be contacted on a rolling basis and will be asked to complete a short reporting exercise.

The hourly rate for this role is 24.00 - 24.00
Forbes has estimated the compensation range set forth above in good faith.  The compensation range is what we believe we will offer, and ultimately pay, a successful candidate.  In determining this range, we consider the experience, level of education (if applicable to the role), knowledge, skills, and abilities required to be had by a successful candidate as well as the budget and the companys pay rates, generally. This said, we may have to make changes to our compensation estimates and job descriptions from time to time and we expressly reserve the right to do so.  Should we make any such changes, this advertisement will be revised to reflect such revisions.  We encourage you to occasionally re-visit this advertisement to ensure that you are abreast of any changes.  Thank you for your interest in joining Forbes!
LI-RL1LI-Remote Forbes aims to offer employees the flexibility they need in order to be successful. We offer a hybrid work schedule for our employees. Some roles may be fully remote (within the U.S.) if it aligns with the needs of the position
Forbes is an equal opportunity employer.
Staff and Applicant Privacy NoticeNotice of E-Verify Participation