We are so excited you are interested in joining our team! Candidates are encouraged to apply even if they do not tick every box. If you are excited to empower science through innovation, we want to hear from you! 
Science, at its core, is the noble pursuit of understanding how things happen, why they happen and how we might gain some measure of control over what happens. At Form Bio, were on a quest. And our singular role in that quest is to empower our community to fulfill their scientific potential. Our software platform is purpose-built to help push the fast forward button on research, to help scientific collaboration be more collaborative and to dispense with the wholly unscientific struggles of cumbersome, DIY IT work.
Were not here to disrupt the scientific profession, were here to empower it. The potential and pursuit of truth is what empowers us. Put simply, Form was created to be a breakthrough for breakthroughs.  
Role Overview: The Part-Time Contract Event SpecialistManager will play a key role in the planning, coordination and execution of events. If you thrive in a dynamic and fast-paced environment and love the opportunity to collaborate across various teams to bring exceptional events to life, whether in person or virtually, we want to hear from you. 
This role requires a strategic thinker with a creative flair and a meticulous eye for detail in event planning and execution. Given the technical nature of our products, experience in the life sciences is required. Bonus! If you have experience with social media management there may be an opportunity for a broader contract scope. 
What youll be doing
Trade Show and Event Coordination:

Plan and execute trade shows, exhibitions, conferences, and other corporate events from start to finish.
Manage event budgets, negotiate with vendors, and ensure all logistical aspects are well-coordinated.
Collaborate with internal teams to develop event messaging, materials, and promotional strategies.
Develop, track and report performance metrics for assigned projects
Conduct post-event evaluations and generate reports for continual improvement.
Manage webinars and online virtual events to ensure a smooth experience with speakers and registrants. 
Maintain Events section on the website. Help drive awareness and registrations for the events. 

Required SkillsAbilities:

Exceptional project management and organizational skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Creative mindset with a strong eye for design and content creation.
Ability to work independently, set priorities, and meet deadlines.
Strong negotiation and vendor management skills.
Familiarity with marketing software and tools, including but not limited to HubSpot, Google Applications and Adobe Creative Suite.

Education and Experience:

Bachelors degree in Marketing, Business, or a related field.
5 years of experience in event coordination, preferably in life sciences.
Desire to work collaboratively as a member of multi-functional departments as well as make decisions collectively and independently
Self-motivated with desire to succeed and reach high caliber milestones

The team at Form Bio is committed, colorful, passionate, intelligent, collaborative, creative, experienced, scientific, and world-class. That sounds like a lot to fit into one building. That is why we are spread out across the US and support a remote first culture.   
Through it all, however, we maintain a culture of positivity, hope, happiness, and the belief that were doing something formative.  
At Form Bio, we strive to create an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and team members without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Form Bio believes that diversity is paramount to our success, and we seek to recruit, develop, and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.
Disclaimer:
The position described in this job posting is for a contractor role with an initial term of one year at 20 hours a week, unless specified otherwise in the employment agreement. This role is not a full-time or permanent employment position. As a contractor, you will be responsible for your own taxes, insurance, and benefits. The initial one-year term is subject to renewal based on the needs and requirements of the organization.
Applicants should be aware that this position does not entail the same benefits and job security as a traditional full-time, permanent role. The terms of employment, including hourly rates, working hours, and renewal conditions, will be outlined in a formal employment agreement between the successful candidate and the organization.
By applying for this position, you acknowledge that you have read and understood the contractor status and the initial term of one year at 20 hours a week. You also understand that this status may differ from traditional full-time, permanent employment positions.