We are so excited you are interested in joining our team! Candidates are encouraged to apply even if they do not tick every box. If you are excited to empower science through innovation, we want to hear from you!
Science, at its core, is the noble pursuit of understanding how things happen, why they happen and how we might gain some measure of control over what happens. At Form Bio, were on a quest. And our singular role in that quest is to empower our community to fulfill their scientific potential. Our software platform is purpose-built to help push the fast forward button on research, to help scientific collaboration be more collaborative and to dispense with the wholly unscientific struggles of cumbersome, DIY IT work.
Were not here to disrupt the scientific profession, were here to empower it. The potential and pursuit of truth is what empowers us. Put simply, Form was created to be a breakthrough for breakthroughs.  
We are HIRING!  JOIN the TEAM!  
Are you focused on the future of science? Do you want to help scientists make the impossible possible and partner with the research world?  
Do you believe in the potential of computational life sciences and are you curious how to accelerate and unlock opportunities for the greater good?  
Are you passionate about harnessing collective talents across the scientific community to address the biggest challenges and opportunities in research, discovery and development?
Do you want to join a transparent, collaborative, impactful and diverse team where you can do what you do best from anywhere? 
If you say YES to all of the above but dont see an opportunity currently posted that fits what you are looking for, please submit your CV and share with us how you can contribute to Form Bios mission of empowering scientific discovery to help reach breakthroughs faster and more efficiently.  
Opportunity Areas: 
Engineering  Software Development
Product Management  Development
Bioinformatics 
AI  ML  Data Science
Sales  Business Development 
Client  Customer Success
Marketing  Communications 
Strategy  Strategic Relations
Finance  HR  IT  Administrative Support 
These positions can be based out of the Austin, TX office or anywhere remotely.  
What were looking for:

Desire to work collaboratively as a member of multi-functional departments as well as make decisions collectively and independently
Self-motivated with desire to succeed and reach high caliber milestones
Detail-oriented and highly organized 
Ability to work independently, roll-up your sleeves mentality and adaptable to start-up environments with competing deadlines and multiple deliverables 
Must have the utmost integrity and understanding of confidentiality as positions require
Professional demeanor, strong interpersonal communication skills
Strong analytical, critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Solid verbal, written and communication abilities across mediums and audiences
High emotional intelligence and competence with building relationships across all levels and functional areas internally and externally
Comfortable in ambiguous situations and results focused 
Bachelors Degree in related discipline or equivalent experience in field
Prior experience with fast paced, early-stage, scaling organizations  

The team at Form Bio is committed, colorful, passionate, intelligent, collaborative, creative, experienced, scientific and world-class. That sounds like a lot to fit into one building. Thats why we are spread out across the US and support a remote first culture.   
Through it all, however, we maintain a culture of positivity, hope, happiness and the belief that were doing something formative.  
At Form Bio, we strive to create an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and team members without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Form Bio believes that diversity is paramount to our success, and we seek to recruit, develop, and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.
 