This role can be performed remotely anywhere within the United States and Canada.
Were looking for a passionate, experienced developer who enjoys connecting with customers and developers alike to help us refine the way we support our mobile customers. The successful candidate understands the challenges facing developers and thrives on solving problems and mentoring others.
Youll partner with our mobile engineers to debug and prioritize issues, and explore new ways to support our customers. Using a data-driven approach, this strategic thinker will partner with a cross-functional group of leaders to influence the product roadmap and achieve company objectives. Were solving difficult and novel problems with mobile apps; this role will be pivotal in the evolution of our mobile product.
This role reports to the Manager for Support Engineering.
Day-to-day youll:

Lead all initiatives related to supporting our mobile SDK.
Embed yourself into the mobile SDK product team to drive the customer experience forward while contributing to overall product strategy.
Support customers via email in Zendesk, occasionally hosting video calls for deeper troubleshooting.
Provide strong technical leadership and mentorship to develop the capabilities of team members.
Work with internal stakeholders to troubleshoot complex issues and maintain a stellar customer experience.

Were looking for someone who:

Has experience working with either iOS or Android platforms.
Has experience implementing and troubleshooting mobile app SDKs.
Has experience using profiling and debug tools to identify inefficiencies and improve app stability.
Has experience owning customer issues through the entire support lifecycle from initial triage and replication to writing bug reports and keeping the customer informed along the way.
Is willing to assist with a weekend on-call rotation once per quarter.

It would be amazing if:

You have experience with modern mobile app build strategies, design patterns, and deploying at scale.
You have experience with frameworks like React Native, Jetpack Compose, and SwiftUI.
You are a stellar communicator and can translate between non-technical audiences and engineers with empathy.
You have worked with compiled code and successfully debugged issues without the source code.

LI-DNI
LI-CD1About FullStory
Founded in 2014 on the belief that everyone benefits from a more perfect digital experience, FullStorys digital experience intelligence (DXI) platform empowers businesses to continuously improve their customer experience across sites and apps. FullStory is backed by world-class investors and has 500 employees worldwide with offices in Atlanta and London. We are proud to have been named to Forbes List of Americas Top Startup Employers, Wealthfronts Career Launching Companies List, and LinkedIns Top US Startups List. We are guided by our values of Empathy, Clarity, Bionics, and Trust, which we embed in our day-to-day work.
How we support you:
FullStorians are committed to building something better—from how we approach our product, to how we care for our customers and each other. Better is only possible when we can bring our full selves to work. Along these lines, we offer:

Autonomy and flexibility. From a remote-first work environment and unlimited paid time off, to an annual company-wide closure  FullStorians can focus on the moments that matter.
Benefits. Take care of the whole you. FullStory offers sponsored benefit packages for US-based FullStorians, and supplemental coverage options for international FullStorians.
Learning opportunities. We provide professional development opportunities through training programs, career coaching sessions, and an annual learning subsidy.
Productivity support. We provide all FullStorians with a monthly productivity stipend and reimburse remote colleagues for their initial home office set up.
Team events. Connect with fellow FullStorians through Employee Resource Group events, Listening  Alignment weeks, and team off-sites.
Paid parental leave. FullStorians have the flexibility to balance the needs of their growing families without the added stress of figuring out work and finances.
Bereavement leave. Every family is different; we leave it to you to define who your family is, and support you when you need it most.
MiscarriagePregnancy loss leave. Whether it is for a FullStorian or their partner  take the time you need.

FullStory is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to fostering an increasingly diverse community. We want candidates of all human varieties, backgrounds, and lifestyles. Theres no problem that cant be made better by bringing together people with a broader set of perspectives. If our product, values, and community resonate with you, please apply - wed love to hear from you!
If you may require reasonable accommodations to participate in our job application or interview process, please contact accommodationsfullstory.com. Requests for accommodations will be treated confidentially.