This role can be performed remotely anywhere within the United States and Canada.
We are looking for a Staff Machine Learning Engineer to join our growing efforts in data science, machine learning and RD. Reporting to our Senior Director of Data Science, youll have the opportunity to lead our efforts in Machine Learning Operations among our Data Intelligence group. Working with our Data Scientists and Software Engineers, youll architect data pipelines, build our production machine learning infrastructure, and support machine learning research.
Day-to-day youll:

Provide technical guidance and mentorship to Machine Learning Engineers and Data Scientists.
Help develop infrastructure and process for rapid machine learning feature experimentation, prototyping, deployment and evaluation with customers.
Build and optimize data lakes, warehouses, and feature stores to feed research projects.
Apply and educate on best practices for ETL, batch and stream processing to be leveraged for data exploration and machine learning research.
Participate in large-scale project planning and stakeholder education.

Were looking for someone who:

Has 8 years experience working with Machine Learning Operations or Machine Learning Engineering in a production environment.
Has experience building infrastructure to support deploying machine learning models in production, including production architecture, monitoring and logging in a cloud compute environment.
Has experience programming with Python and the associated data sciencemachine learning packages (e.g., scikit-learn, pandas, xgboost, numpy, scipy).
Has experience building large scale data warehouse solutions to support machine learning research.

It would be amazing if:

You have experience in Go and Solr.
You have experience leading major projects and mentoring team members.
You have experience with cloud compute and running services in Docker environments and Kubernetes.
You can communicate clearly and empathetically with developers, product managers and UX designers to explain the abilities and limitations of machine learning systems.

You might want to know what our stack looks like - heres a glimpse:

GCP-based; heavy use of Cloud Datastore, BigQuery, Bigtable
Kubernetes (GKE), terraform, helm
Python, Jupyter and GCP based services for data science and machine learning
General services written in Go; gRPC for APIs; prometheus for monitoring
React and Typescript on the frontend
Java, ObjC, and Rust for our mobile stack
Monorepo for our code: were one big happy (in-sync!) family
CircleCI-based continuous integration and team-based service ownership allow us to deploy software dozens of times per week

LI-ED1 LI-DNIAbout FullStory
Founded in 2014 on the belief that everyone benefits from a more perfect digital experience, FullStorys digital experience intelligence (DXI) platform empowers businesses to continuously improve their customer experience across sites and apps. FullStory is backed by world-class investors and has 500 employees worldwide with offices in Atlanta and London. We are proud to have been named to Forbes List of Americas Top Startup Employers, Wealthfronts Career Launching Companies List, and LinkedIns Top US Startups List. We are guided by our values of Empathy, Clarity, Bionics, and Trust, which we embed in our day-to-day work.
How we support you:
FullStorians are committed to building something better—from how we approach our product, to how we care for our customers and each other. Better is only possible when we can bring our full selves to work. Along these lines, we offer:

Autonomy and flexibility. From a remote-first work environment and unlimited paid time off, to an annual company-wide closure  FullStorians can focus on the moments that matter.
Benefits. Take care of the whole you. FullStory offers sponsored benefit packages for US-based FullStorians, and supplemental coverage options for international FullStorians.
Learning opportunities. We provide professional development opportunities through training programs, career coaching sessions, and an annual learning subsidy.
Productivity support. We provide all FullStorians with a monthly productivity stipend and reimburse remote colleagues for their initial home office set up.
Team events. Connect with fellow FullStorians through Employee Resource Group events, Listening  Alignment weeks, and team off-sites.
Paid parental leave. FullStorians have the flexibility to balance the needs of their growing families without the added stress of figuring out work and finances.
Bereavement leave. Every family is different; we leave it to you to define who your family is, and support you when you need it most.
MiscarriagePregnancy loss leave. Whether it is for a FullStorian or their partner  take the time you need.

FullStory is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace dedicated to fostering an increasingly diverse community. We want candidates of all human varieties, backgrounds, and lifestyles. Theres no problem that cant be made better by bringing together people with a broader set of perspectives. If our product, values, and community resonate with you, please apply - wed love to hear from you!
If you may require reasonable accommodations to participate in our job application or interview process, please contact accommodationsfullstory.com. Requests for accommodations will be treated confidentially.