Garda Capital Partners (Garda) is a multi-billion dollar alternative investment firm with over 19 years of experience deploying relative value strategies across fixed income markets for institutional investors. Garda has offices in Wayzata, New York City, West Palm Beach, Geneva, Zug, Copenhagen, Singapore, and Scottsdale.Garda is looking for a Senior Analyst to be part of our Compliance team based in our Geneva office, to support all matters relating to Gardas global compliance program. This position is not available for remotehybrid work arrangements.
Position Responsibilities

Provide compliance and regulatory support to Gardas global compliance program focusing on matters applicable to foreign affiliates in Denmark, Switzerland, and Singapore.
Oversee employee-level reporting including personal account trading as well as reporting on gifts and entertainment, outside business activities, conflicts of interest and social media.
Directly support the Switzerland Chief Operating Officer in maintaining a FINMA compliance program for Gardas Swiss operations, including management of internal control systems, directives, policies and procedures.
Provide compliance support to non-U.S. Garda affiliates in connection with regulatory audits and reporting, internal controls, and employee outreach.
Perform analysis, preparation and submission of regulatory and compliance filing requirements in various jurisdictions (e.g. EU Short Sale, AIFMD, MiFID II, FINMA and MAS Surveys).
Conduct trading and market related surveillance, promptly investigate issues related to the same.
Prepare and conduct global compliance training and employee onboarding measures.
Prepare material and reporting to Board of Directors meetings for non-U.S. affiliates.
Oversee certain vendor relationships and perform due diligence on same.
Other special projects as necessary.

Qualifications  Desired Skills

Four-year college degree; accounting or finance emphasis (preferred).
Minimum 3 years of relevant work experience in a compliance function within an investment fund manager.
Experience within an SEC, FINMA, or MAS registered firm preferred.
Strong organizational and time management skills; ability to independently prioritize workload.
Strong and efficient communicator both orally and in writing.
Strong digital filing capacities.
Ability to work effectively in a high-energy, time sensitive team environment.
Ability to effectively communicate across functions and to various levels of senior management.
Comfortable working within a complex and international organisation.
