Garda Capital Partners (Garda) is a multi-billion dollar alternative investment firm with over 19 years of experience deploying relative value strategies across fixed income markets for institutional investors. Garda has offices in Wayzata, New York City, West Palm Beach, Geneva, Zug, Copenhagen, Singapore, and Scottsdale.Garda is looking to hire a Sr. Repo Trader primarily focused on bond financing transactions across our Japan and Australia portfolios. This role is part of the Finance  Liquidity (FL) team. The FL team is responsible for providing financing and cash management solutions to the funds managed by Garda, and overall relationship management with all of the firms trading, financing, and infrastructure counterparties.
Position Responsibilities

Execute repo transactions to ensure local portfolio is funded consistent with Garda liquidity, counterparty diversification and duration risk tolerances.
Develop strong relationships with Portfolio Managers and counterparties.
Maintain high quality repo execution: economics and relationships.
Provide feedback to ensure the repo funding profile of the firm is reasonable and prudent.
Help create reporting and trading tools to improve overall execution.

Qualifications  Desired Skills

2 years experience with repo trading, trade settlement, middle office, andor understanding of basic treasury operations.
High degree of writtenspoken business proficiency with the Japanese language, as the role will be responsible for relationship management with domestic counterparties in Japan.
4-year degree in Finance, Economics, Mathematics, History, Computer Science or relevant industry experience.
Detail-oriented with strong verbal and written communication skills.
Demonstrated attention to detail with ability to independently manage projectstasks to meet deadlines.
Strong Excel skills.
High-performing individual who has demonstrated they are self-motivated, with a high level of initiative and innovative thinking.
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, time sensitive team environment.
