 
About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role: 
Generate Biomedicines is looking for an Accounts Payable (AP) Manager to join our growing Finance team! We are a rapidly growing company and are looking for an individual who is comfortable multitasking and working independently and will thrive in this fast-paced environment.
The AP Manager will participate in the implementation of Coupa, Generates new Procure-to-Pay (P2P) system, and the design of the AP policies, processes and reporting underlying the new system. Once implemented, the AP Manager will manage the new AP processes and reporting, including leading a small team of AP professionals responsible for receiving invoices, matching invoices to Purchase Orders and Receiving documents, and paying invoices on time. This position is a hybrid role, with a remote and on-site presence in Somerville, MA.
Key Responsibilities:

Manage Accounts Payable Specialist(s), ensuring invoicesstatements are received, matched, and paid in a timely manner and internal controls are followed.
Design, document and maintain SOX compliant AP policies and processes.
Develop materials and train internal stakeholders on the new Coupa system and continue training new hires to ensure compliance and efficiency in Generate processes.
Partner closely with the Procurement team to resolve challenges that arise and develop and implement solutions across the entire Procure-to-Pay process.
Provide customer service and transactional support to internal and external partners for resolving AP processing issues, policy and compliance related guidance, and other inquiries.
Develop and track metrics to measure and understand the teams efficiencies, payment timeliness, and process throughput. Make recommendations for areas of improvement highlighted by the metrics.
Review accounts, departments, and programs that have been coded to purchase ordersinvoices and work with the Procurement, Finance and Accounting teams to resolve discrepancies.
Collaborate with Accounting team on general ledger reconciliations, account string maintenance, internal controls and other ad hoc activities such as audit requests.
Prepare 1099 reporting to send to vendors and IRS.
Work with Finance, Accounting, and IT management teams to develop a P2P systems roadmap.

Qualifications:

Bachelors degree and 8 years of relevant experience
Previous experience managing an AP team
Strong attention to detail to ensure accuracy of invoices, payments, vendors, and Generates books and records.
Experience building relationships with both internal colleagues and external vendors.
Professional in all job aspects, including verbal and written communications.
Motivated, well organized and goal-oriented team player with ability to thrive in a fast-growing company.
Proficiency  with MS Office, especially Excel
Exercise judgement when resolving AP discrepancies and escalating for discussion among appropriate stakeholders as needed.

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with Coupa and Net Suite
Experience with AP andor Procurement systems implementations and process automation
Biotech or Life Sciences Industry experience a plus

Location:
Somerville, MA - open to hybrid work arrangement with the expectation of being onsite 3 days a week 
LI-KC1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.

 
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines do not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines and Generate Biomedicines will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.

 