About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role
Are you a builder, a doer, a big thinker, a team player, and someone who likes to have fun while making a difference at work? We are seeking a highly motivated, creative, and visionary Director of Equity Diversity and Inclusion (EDI)  this first hire will build the function and lead and drive our EDI strategy and approach at Generate Biomedicines. This position reports directly to the Chief People Officer and will work closely with leaders and key stakeholders at all levels across the organization. 
As the Director of EDI, you will play a pivotal role in helping create a diverse and inclusive work environment where all employees can thrive and contribute to our mission. We believe that diverse perspectives lead to better scientific and patient outcomes, and your creative and collaborative approach will encourage and empower employees at every level to actively participate in EDI initiatives, fostering a sense of ownership and belonging. 
You will have the unique opportunity to work across the organization to design and implement EDI strategies, programs, and metrics from scratch. The leader in this role will be thoughtful, creative, results-oriented, and agile, with experience building and implementing EDI strategies that foster a diverse workforce and align with our companys ambitious vision. You will work in tandem with the CPO and leadership team to set clear objectives, develop measurable goals, and proactively monitor progress to ensure the successful implementation of our EDI strategy.  
Heres how you will contribute
    Leadership and Strategy Development and Implementation:

Develop and implement a comprehensive and innovative EDI strategy that aligns with the companys mission and growth trajectory. 
Integrate creative approaches and novel solutions to foster an inclusive culture that celebrates diversity and enables all employees to thrive and bring their whole selves to work. 
Lead through influence, collaborating with PC leaders, business stakeholders, and cross-functional teams to gain buy-in and drive the adoption of EDI initiatives. 
Develop strategic pillars for our EDI Framework to guide organizational efforts
Although this role is an individual contributor role at present, we expect that this leader will build a team over time and will be responsible for both talent selection and team management.

    Diverse and Inclusive Workforce:

Collaborate with Talent Acquisition to create sourcing and recruitment strategies and tactics that attract diverse talent, fostering a culture of inclusivity which begins with the recruitment process. 
Champion and support efforts to eliminate biases and barriers in hiring and promotion practices.

    Employee Resource Group (ERG) Development:

Harness your creativity to build a structured and engaging Employee Resource Group approach that leverages the strong employee communities which already exist at Generate, amplifies employee voices and encourages meaningful contributions. 
Empower ERGs to be catalysts for positive change, driving EDI initiatives and building a strong sense of community.

    Learning and Development:

Design and deliver engaging and innovative EDI-focused learning events and workshops that promote awareness, empathy, and allyship among employees.
Cultivate a continuous learning culture that empowers employees to develop their skills and capabilities in promoting equity and inclusion.

   Inclusive Organizational Culture:

Collaborate with leadership and HR teams to integrate EDI principles into all aspects of the companys policies, practices, and decision-making processes. 
Drive initiatives that promote a sense of belonging and celebrate the diverse backgrounds and perspectives of our workforce.

   Monitor and Evaluate Progress:

Utilize data analytics to assess the impact of EDI initiatives and generate insights to inform future strategies. 
Present regular reports on progress and outcomes to the executive team and other stakeholders. 

The Ideal Candidate will have

Minimum of 10 years of progressive experience in leading EDI initiatives, preferably in the biotech or life sciences industry.
Proven track record of developing and implementing successful EDI strategies, with an emphasis on creative and innovative approaches; demonstrated ability to achieve measurable outcomes.
Ability to balance strategic thinking and planning with the hands-on execution needed to achieve results.
Strong leadership and project management capabilities, with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple initiatives concurrently. 
Exceptional leadership and stakeholder management abilities, with strong influencing and communication skills.
Passionate about fostering a collaborative and inclusive work environment, coupled with the desire to build a function from the ground up. 

Who Will Love This Job: 

A driver who creates a workplace that celebrates creativity, energy, and inclusivity, and where every Generator can bring their full selves to work, contributing to groundbreaking scientific advancements and improved patient outcomes
A self-starter looking to contribute in a high-growth environment and across all areas of People and Culture.  
A collaborator who brings curiosity and compassion working with others and building strong, productive relationships.  
A business partner who understands Generates strategy and aligns it with the organizations people processes and programs. 
A coach who builds trust across levels by providing insight to help others see opportunities and around corners. 

LI-KD1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.