About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The role: 
We are looking for an experienced portfolio and program manager to join Generate to build the Portfolio Management team and help drive our ambitious platform and portfolio.  The leader will interface cross-functionally and collaborate in finding new solutions to current and future portfolio challenges, with a focus on maintaining an un-siloed environment and establishing fit-for-purpose processes that enable teams without overburdening. We are looking for someone with depth of experience in managing the advancement of therapeutics from discovery through clinical development, who is excited by the opportunity to build a world class portfolio management team that will enable the rapid advancement of medicines to patients in need and the continued expansion of the Generate platform.  
Heres how you will contribute:

Managing flawless portfolio and program execution through focused, streamlined governance decision-making
Facilitating portfolio prioritization based on scientific, clinical and commercial opportunity, risk and uncertainty
Partnering with Digital group and key cross-functional stakeholders to select, customize, develop and implement a portfolio and program management software solution to enable high-quality data, automated portfolio visualization, prioritization and insights along with integrated program team collaboration and task tracking
Cultivating the center of excellence for Portfolio  Program Management capabilities, best practices and continuous learning relative to scope, time, cost, resource and risk management
Bring a continuous improvement approach, proactively identifying inefficienciespain points within the current business processes and working with the RD Leadership team and key stakeholders across Generate to propose scalable solutions to evolve and streamline RD business operations
Ensuring the development and maintenance of research plans, integrated development plans, target product profiles in collaboration with program teams using excellent program management operational standards
Establishing portfolio and program performance measures, using data analytics for optimal decision-making and operational efficiency evaluations
Providing mentoring and coaching for program teams where appropriate

Leadership:

Demonstrated ability to work across functions, regions, and cultures
Functional level leadership with the ability to inspire, motivate and drive results
Proven skills as an effective team player who can engender credibility and confidence within and outside the company
Builds teams across functions and geographies with individuals who have the right skills and experience to deliver on key organizational initiatives.
Ability to distill complex issues and ideas down to simple comprehensible terms
Demonstrates leadership presence and confidence
Invests time in helping others to enhance their skills and perform at a higher level, including the skill and career development of direct reports
Embraces and demonstrates a diversity and inclusion mindset and role models these behaviors for the organization

Experiences

Demonstrated deep pharmaceutical knowledge, specifically for proteins, and experience in scientific and development, clinical development, program and portfolio management.
Demonstrated experience running governance bodies, driving efficient and clear decision making.
Demonstrated experience in leading cross-functional teams and effective collaboration in a matrixed global organization.
Demonstrated experience in effective interaction and communication within all levels of stakeholders.

The Ideal Candidate will have:

MScBSc degree in a scientific, life science, or technical discipline required; Advanced degree (PhD, PharmD) preferred
PMP required
15 years in the life sciences, pharmaceutical industry, with at least 10 years experience in pharmaceutical program development andor portfolio managementstrategic roles in RD organizations at biotech or biopharma companies. 5 years of management experience in these roles
Track record of successful leadership, management, and development of multi-disciplinary project management teams.
Health care business acumen with a comprehensive understanding of drug development in the pharmaceutical industry.

Location: This is located at our headquarters in Somerville, MA with an onsite presence expected. Open to relocation.  
LI-RT1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.