About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role: 
Generate Biomedicines is searching for a passionate and collaborative Clinical Trial Associate to join our Clinical Development Team. This role will report into the Director of Clinical Operations and will work closely with our cross-functional counterparts in Data Management, Clinical Supply, Regulatory Affairs, and Preclinical Discovery  Development, to support the successful trial execution of Generates growing clinical portfolio. The Clinical Trial Associate will support all phases of clinical study activity, including, startup, execution, and closeout efforts to help achieve the organizations goals. This role will also be responsible for the filing and maintenance of clinical study documentation, development of standard operating procedures, as well as vendor engagement. The successful candidate will be organized, detail oriented, possess excellent communication skills, and be willing to collaboratively support the ongoing development of internal processes and departmental standards.
Heres how you will contribute:

Organize project team meetings, distribute agendas, generate and finalize meeting minutes, and collate various presentations
Coordinate and support review of study level risk log. Collaborate with the CRO to ensure risk logs are updated regularly and appropriate mitigations are captured
Lead the update of study level action and decision logs and collaborate cross-functionally to ensure study level trackers are current
Authoredit study documents and plans, and maintain pertinent version controls
Review essential regulatory document packages from clinical sites to approve Investigational Medicinal Product release or initiate clinical trial activation, per relevant SOPs
Manage the electronic Trial Master File (eTMF) for assigned studies, as appropriate. Deep understanding the processes for set-up, maintenance, QC and close-out of the TMF, and ability to teach more junior staff how to be in line with ICHGCP and the importance of having an inspection ready TMF at all times
Review protocols, eCRFs, lab data, tableslistings, study reports to identify issues, recommend solutions, as needed
Serve as a primary point of contact between study site personnel, CRO and other vendors to ensure studies progress in accordance with agreed timelines and scope
Perform monitoring visit report review, documenttrack trends and metrics in monitoring visits per the monitoring plan, and follow up on action items as necessary. Support the identification of new protocol deviations (PD) and collaborate with the CRO and cross-functional team members to ensure findings from the monitor reports are captured on the PD log
Review study informed consent forms (ICF) and complete ICF checklists
Liaise with legal to obtain CDAs, work orders, and master service agreements
Obtain and renew clinical trial insurance policies for new and ongoing studies
Support the development and deployment of SOPs, work instructions, and respective trainings
Track progress across multiple programs and communicate this to internal and external stakeholders
Assist in maintaining clinical invoice tracking and generate periodic status updatesreports on clinical vendor budgets
Participatelead co-monitoring visits for clinical sites

The Ideal Candidate will have:

Bachelors degree; life sciences or related degree preferred
Minimum of 1-2 years relevant work experience at a clinical site, CRO, andor Sponsor
Demonstrates strong organizational skills, problem solving, and effective communication
Demonstrates understanding of the clinical drug development process, including study design, protocol objectives and operational impacts
Ideal candidates will have understanding site management and monitoring practices, including importance of data qualityintegrity, as well as fundamental understanding of protocol deviation identification and reporting
Must be proficient in MS Office applications (word, excel, and powerpoint at a minimum) to support studyprogram documentation and deliverables
Basic understanding and importance of current ICH-GCP regulationsguidelines is required
Enthusiastic, proactive, collaborative, and dependable
Excited to learn and grow within the clinical operations team!
Organized (with attention to detail) and able to problem solve
Comfortable in a fast-paced environment and able to manage and prioritize competing tasks
Travel is required as need, however minimal (no more than 10-20 for monitoring related work)

LI-HM1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.