About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover with over 275 employees.
The Role:
Generate Biomedicines is looking for a strategic leader to drive automation strategy and grow a world-class, fully digitally integrated automation capability across all areas of RD and manufacturing.
In this role, you will:

Define, curate and drive a holistic strategic vision for all automation activities at Generate, and effectively communicate that vision across the company and through external engagements andor partnerships
Work with key stakeholders across departments to design and implement solutions that align with the companys RD and automation strategy
Proactively build effective lines of communication between scientists and automationengineers to maximize workflow capacity and productivity, reduce development timelines, and improve reliability and precision
Build a strong automation culture in the company and empower scientists to implement and utilize automation solutions
Develop best practices to optimize and increase the speed of automated methods
Collaborate closely with research informatics to drive a fully integrated data, software, and automation strategy across RD
Educate scientific subject matter experts on the latest industry trends and best practices related to lab automation and lab-of-the-future capabilities across hardware, software, data management, and digital enablement
Lead the evaluation and budgeting of new solutions and state-of-the-art technology investments in alignment with company priorities
Inspire, mentor, and develop lab automation engineers, and support them by owning and driving lab automation projects

Qualifications

M.S.  Ph.D. or equivalent in a relevant science andor engineering discipline 
Minimum of 10 years biopharmaceutical industry experience building integrated lab automation systems with 3 plus years of management experience
Experience developing and implementing automated laboratory solutions and processes
Experience operating and developing methods for automated liquid handling systems
Experience with high-throughput scale-up and optimization
Experience with data pipelining and digital technologies
Experience with LIMS (Laboratory Information Management Systems) integration preferred

LI-KD1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.