About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received over 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role: 
Are you passionate about nurturing a world-class team in the heart of an innovative biotech environment? Do you wield expertise in the realm of People Operations and possess a keen understanding of UKG (UltiPro)? If your answer is yes, we have an exhilarating opportunity tailored just for you!
As a People Operations Manager, you will play a part in refining People Operations strategies, processes, and system development to drive organizational growth. With your meticulous attention to detail, proud mastery of UKG and seamless collaboration with cross-functional teams inside and outside of People  Culture, you will help orchestrate the harmonious flow of processes, scalable workflows, effective documentation, and impactful solutions. With a solid track record in HR administration and a knack for simplifying complexities, you will be part of a team ensuring our employees have the support and resources they need to flourish in their roles.
Heres how you will contribute:

UKG Expertise: Spearhead our HRIS system, UKG (UltiPro), as the resident expert and superuser. Your expertise will manifest in optimizing system processes, maintaining data accuracy, and staying abreast of the latest system updates and functionalities. Your mission: Drive efficiency and enhancements, ensuring an exceptional user experience. 
People Operations: Expertly manage the day-to-day HR operational processes, including but not limited to coordinating the full employee lifecycle from , maintaining accurate employee records, and ensuring compliance with all federal, state, and local employment laws and regulations. Identify opportunities for refining People Operations and processes.
Benefits Administration: Take the reins in administering our comprehensive employee benefits programs. Forge close partnerships with external vendors to facilitate flawless communication and benefits delivery to our valued workforce.
Employee Programs: Working with key stakeholders and colleagues, applying technical and functional HR knowledge to support the development and implementation of employee programs that leverage our core HR technology.
Compliance: Keep your finger on the pulse of ever-evolving employment laws and regulations. Ensure our company policies and practices remain in strict compliance. Collaborate with legal experts when navigating complex issues.
Employee Support: Provide unwavering, exceptional support to our employees. Address inquiries, , and champion a consistently positive employee experience throughout their journey with our company.
Immigration: Take the lead in orchestrating mobility and immigration programs, partnering seamlessly with our legal partners, recruiters, and onboarding teams; keep business leaders and Generators up to date on progress delivering sensitive messages with clarity and care.
People Operations Reporting: Working in close partnership with the leader for People Technology and Analytics, leverage data and reporting from our UKG systems and benefits platforms to unearth invaluable insights. These insights will serve as the bedrock for informed, strategic HR decisions.

The Ideal Candidate will have:

Bachelors degree in Human Resources, Business Administration, or a related field.
5 years of HR experience, with a focus on HR operations, benefits administration, and employee programs.
Experience with UKG
Strong knowledge of employment laws and regulations in Massachusetts and the ability to adapt to changes in legislation.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
Ability to uphold confidentiality and handle sensitive information with discretion.
Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
The ability to work in Somerville, MA - open to hybrid work arrangement with the expectation of being onsite a minimum of 3 days a week

LI-HM1
Who Will Love This Job:

Detail-Oriented Professionals: Meticulous individuals who thrive on precision and accuracy, making them indispensable in HR operations.
Problem Solvers: Those who relish challenges and excel at crafting effective solutions, whether in HR operations or HR system processes.
Innovators: Visionaries driven by the prospect of developing and implementing employee programs that elevate engagement, well-being, and professional growth, all of which contribute to a thriving workplace culture.
Team Players: Collaborative spirits who flourish in diverse teams, fostering a supportive and innovative work environment.
Flexibility Seekers: Adaptable individuals poised to navigate the dynamic nature of a start-up.
Passionate Biotech Enthusiasts: Enthusiastic individuals excited by the chance to be part of a biotech start-ups mission to revolutionize the industry through innovation and groundbreaking discoveries.

LI-HM1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.