About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role: 
The Senior Executive Assistant will provide complex, high-level support to the Chief People Officer and one other executive at Generate Biomedicines, and when needed, their broader Leadership Teams. The ideal candidate will leverage a broad range of interdependent skills including a high degree of professionalism and discretion when handling a wide variety of confidential materials and responsibilities. The successful candidate will be a detail-oriented, critical thinker with strong technical, organizational and interpersonal skills and the ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.  This role requires the ability to proactively build organizational knowledge and relationships and thrive in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment. This is a salaried non-exempt, office-based role, requiring a regular presence on-site in our Somerville, MA office.
Heres how you will contribute:
The Senior Executive Assistants responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Providing complex email and calendar support and coordination for the CPOone other executive and their team(s), supporting  their work-related meetings and day-to-day activities.
Operational support for some complex HR-related tasks, including but not limited to processing pay and record changes and assisting with the preparation of confidential and Board of Directors facing materials.
Demonstrated proficiency with MS office (Excel, Work, Powerpoint); able to prepare and support a variety of document outputs independently and with attention to detail and accuracy
A process improvement orientation, taking the initiative to identify efficiency opportunities and recommend changes to make tasks flow more smoothly
Making recommendations to executive leaders regarding time management, prioritization, delegation, and organization.
Organizing and planning company meetings and off-sites (e.g., board meetings, business development, and investor interactions) by assisting with the production of materials and pre-reads, taking notes, and tracking action items.
Providing input andor recommendations to support executive decision making based on research and industry knowledge.
Managing and making travel arrangements, accommodating frequent changes and updates as needed
Managing and processing expense reports.
Supporting and mentoring administrative colleagues as needed.
Working with administrative and operations colleagues on employee appreciation events, ongoing office management tasks, and other complex projects and initiatives as needed.
Operating with integrity and working on various tasks with a high degree of confidentiality.
Leading, managing, or supporting other ad-hoc projects as needed.

The Ideal Candidate will have:

8 years of administrative experience providing support to executives; ideally at the C-Suite level and ideally having previously supported HR executive(s)
Exceptional organizational skills, with keen attention to detail and a strong ability to execute.
Demonstrated ability to handle sensitive information and situations with care and confidence.
Ability to work across various roles and teams in a dynamic, demanding, and fast-paced environment while remaining flexible, proactive, resourceful, and efficient.
Excellent interpersonal and relationship-building skills; outstanding verbal and written communication skills.
Strong work ethic and ability to manage multiple priorities.
Proficient in MS Office.
High level of commitment, availability after hours and on weekends, as needed.
Prior experience supporting a People function andor biotech industry experience is desirable.
Bachelors degree preferred.





LI-HM1




 
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.