The Company
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts and has more than 275 employees.
The Position
Due to our growth, we are currently searching for a Vice President, Corporate Affairs who will be responsible for developing and implementing strategies to build and maintain our corporate reputation and promote our brand. The successful candidate will lead our integrated internal and external communications and will drive the development, implementation and management of a comprehensive public relations and corporate affairs strategy. This candidate will contribute to the Companys mission to harness the power of data and machine learning to program biology to dramatically improve the human condition and democratize biotherapeutics.
As the Vice President, Corporate Affairs, you will report to the CFO and partner with the CEO and CFO and you will be responsible for building and supporting relationships with investor, media, scientific, patient, government and provider communities. You will also work closely and collaborate with the Leadership Team to ensure corporate affairs are aligned with corporate goals and strategic operating plans.
As the Vice President, Corporate Affairs, you will:

Partner with the CEO and CFO to develop and implement strategies to enhance the companys reputation and promote its brand.
Build and support relationships with investor, media, scientific, patient, government and provider communities.
Coordinate, facilitate, prioritize, and draft internal and external communications and ensure the articulation of consistent and clear messages.
Manage the Companys external website and Company branding initiatives.
Monitor and analyze market trends, competitor activities and relevant news to identify potential risks and opportunities for the Company.

To be successful in this role, you have

Bachelors degree required; Masters or other advanced degree preferred in a related discipline.
15 years in the pharmaceutical industry, with direct experience leading public relations, government affairs, patient advocacy, corporate communications andor investor relations in a private or public biopharmaceutical company, and prior people management experience.
Established relationships and credibility with investment, scientific, media, technology and biopharmaceutical communities.
Uncompromising ability to maintain confidentiality, exercise sound judgment and work using the highest level of discretion.
Experience in managing contract public, media and investor relations agencies and vendors.
Strong interpersonal and relationship building skills.
A high degree of personal initiative.
Superior organizational, planning, and project management skills.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.

Who will love this job

A go-getter who loves taking on new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and enthusiasm.
An agile, detail-oriented leader, who will thrive in a start-up environment.
Someone who operates effectively, even when things are not certain, or the way forward is not clear.
A partner who gains the confidence and trust of others through honesty, integrity, and authenticity
A leader who is willing to work with others and embrace new, innovative ways of working.
Someone who can build the corporate affairs strategy, as well as execute at the tactical level

Location: Somerville, MA based role with an onsite presence expected (3-4 days a week based on business needs)
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
LI-KD1
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster. The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations. The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies : Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.
 