About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role:
We are seeking to expand the Generate Therapeutic Research team by recruiting a talented and strategic Senior Director, Cancer Biology. The successful candidate will lead the oncology therapeutic area strategy and lead a team of scientists and RAs to advance oncology therapeutics and unlock novel biology. We are searching for an innovative and highly-motivated individual who is comfortable working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment. A successful candidate will have extensive experience guiding therapeutic research, including direct experience with late stage research program leadership, regulatory filings and translating protein based therapeutics to the clinic. The candidate should have a sustained record of being a strategic thinker and a thoughtful and strong people leader. 
Heres how you will contribute:

Be a thoughtful and creative leader of oncology therapeutic research that includes a growing team of scientists and research associates.  
Be a go-to expert in late-stage research for scientists across Generate.  
Be a strategic thought partner in development of therapeutics from ideation of a therapeutic hypothesis through IND filings and phase 1. 
Be a cross-functional program lead on fast paced therapeutic programs
Identify and advance new opportunities, targets, and modalities and be an expert resource to guide BD opportunities.  
Partner across with computational sciences, protein sciences, commercial, and clinical to develop and execute on novel therapeutics and biobetters.  
Collaborate with translational and clinical scientists to identify and validate biomarkers and indication selection for clinical development. 

The Ideal Candidate will have:

Ph.D. in Immunology, cancer biology or related field with 15 years of experience conceptualizing and leading therapeutic research projects
Proven scientific leadership on global therapeutic product teams required.
Extended track record of being an outstanding leader and collaborator, a creative problem-solver, and a role model for your direct reports and colleagues.
Proven direct support of multiple IND and early Phase 1 stage therapeutics.
Proven effective collaboration with clinical and translational sciences colleagues to advance therapeutics required.
Deep knowledge of preclinical studies required for regulatory filings and clinical translation required
Direct experience with U.S. and global regulatory agencies required.
Strong experience with protein-based immunotherapies, preclinical cancer models, immunological techniques, cell biology and signal transduction pathways
Antibody drug conjugate experience is a plus
Ability to parallel process multiple projects and modalities and guide the growing portfolio
Growth mindset and desire to work in a fast paced dynamic environment
Familiarity with computational andor protein engineering techniques a plus

Who Will Love This Job: 

A rigorous scientists that loves to build therapeutics in a fast paced environment with a driven and collaborative team.

Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.
 
LI-RT1