About Generate Biomedicines 
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development. 
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us! 
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees. 
The Role: 
Generate Biomedicines is seeking an experienced and highly-motivated Senior Director, Toxicology to build and lead the non-clinical safety and toxicology function at the company. The candidate will be responsible for the design, execution and interpretation of toxicology studies across a variety of therapeutic areas and protein modalities. We are searching for a candidate who is comfortable working in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment that is excited by the opportunity to build an innovative strategy for advancing computationally generated therapeutics into patients. The position requires interfacing across numerous functions including therapeutics area research, clinical, regulatory, tech ops, and project management, as well as protein and computational sciences. The successful candidate will have extensive experience designing and executing non-GLP and GLP toxicology studies including direct experience with regulatory filings and translating protein-based therapeutics to the clinic.  
Heres how you will contribute: 

Lead the design, execution and interpretation of phase appropriate safety and toxicology studies
Provide strategic and operational input to early development project teams as they advance therapeutic candidates from generation into development 
Lead relationships with CROs to coordinate and manage external toxicology studies, including vendor selection, protocol generationapproval, study conduct and monitoring, report review and approval
Oversee and author the preparation of formal study reports and toxicology sections of regulatory filings including INTERACT, pre-IND, INDs, CTA and relevant clinical documents such as investigator brochures and development safety update reports to support drug candidate advancement
Think ahead to identify program risks and scientific issues, and build and execute plans to mitigate risks for program advancement.
Provide scientific and strategic leadership across all therapeutic areas and modalities
Assist in creating a strong inventive and creative culture with a clear sense of urgency for providing transformational therapies to patients.  

The Ideal Candidate will have: 

PhD in Toxicology, Pharmacology or related sciences (or DVM) and a minimum of 15 years of industry experience in Toxicology 
Experience working across diverse therapeutic modalities, including antibodies, enzymes, immune cell engagers is highly desirable
Demonstrated effective management of CROs across multi programs and ability to lead both internal and external work streams
Extensive experience authoring regulatory documents and interacting with global regulatory agencies
Early through late clinical development experience designing tox studies for discovery programs through IND including broad knowledge of development and reproductive toxicology, carcinogenicity, tumorigenicity, toxicokinetics, and safety pharmacology
Deep Understanding of current existing guidelines, regulations, requirements, and standards (GLP, ISO, OECD, ICH). 

Who Will Love This Job:  

A go-getter who embraces new opportunities and complex challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and enthusiasm.   
Someone who operates effectively in a team environment, and who leads with trust, transparency and a collaborative mindset  
A deep scientist who relies on a mixture of analysis, wisdom, experience, and judgement when making recommendations on what to pursue and what not to pursue. 

 Location:
Somerville, MA. The team is open to considering remote US based talent. Expect travel to and from Headquarters in Somerville, MA and to CROs to be 25-35. 
LI-KD1 remote
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.
 
LI-RT1