About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role 
The Generate People and Culture team is on a mission to create an environment where Generators of all backgrounds can succeed and are enabled to contribute their best. At Generate, we thrive on innovation, push boundaries, and embrace technology. Our People and Culture team is on the forefront of pioneering HR solutions that shape the future of work. Join us on our inspiring journey as we collectively reimagine People and Culture, creating new standard s in HR excellence , exceptional experience s for our Generators , and teams positioned to deliver breakthrough therapies to patients.
We are seeking an extraordinary Senior Director, People and Culture Business Partner (HR Business Partner) to join our dynamic and growing team. As the PCBP, you will play a pivotal role in developing and executing innovative HR initiatives that align with Generates mission to pioneer the field of generative biology. Supporting our Research and Development (RD) teams , you will provide strategic guidance and support to drive organizational effectiveness, talent development, talent management, and foster a culture of innovation and inclusion. This role is located in Somerville, MA , with travel to our Andover, MA site as needed .
Heres How Youll Contribute

Collaborate with RD leadership to understand business objectives and provide HR strategy, guidance, and support in alignment with those objectives; translate knowledge of the business and its strategic goals into a people strategy.
Partner with colleagues across People and Culture to develop and execute HR strategies, programs, and initiatives that attract, develop, engage, and retain diverse, exceptional talent within RD.
Support managers in addressing performance management, employee relations, and employee development needs, promoting a culture of continuous growth and learning.
Champion employee engagement and cultivate an inclusive work environment that nurtures innovation, creativity, and collaboration.
Act as a strategic thought partner, providing forward-thinking insights and recommendations to leadership on organization design and talent strategies that drive scalability and agility.
Serve as a confidante, coach, and advisor to people leaders to elevate their effectiveness and inspire high-performing teams.
Embrace technology and leverage data and innovative HR tools providing insights into business and talent trends that inform functional people and organizational priorities.
Stay at the forefront of industry trends, regulations, and emerging practices, continuously innovating to keep Generate competitive and compliant.

 The Ideal Candidate Will Have 

15 years progressive experience as an HR Business Partner, is required. Preferably with a mix of experience in high-growth, fast-paced environments, and more established organizations
Prior experience in the life sciences, pharmaceutical, or biotech industry, ideally supporting a Research and Development or another scientific group, is required.
Demonstrated a deep commitment to promoting equity, diversity, and inclusion, driving a culture of belonging.
Exceptional written  verbal communication and interpersonal skills, and ability to foster strong relationships and influence across all levels of the organization.
A detail-oriented, yet flexible and creative approach to problem solving; a high tolerance for ambiguity and ability to thrive in a fast-paced, rapidly scaling environment.
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple work streams; strong business acumen and experience aligning HR initiatives with overall company strategies.
Enthusiasm about joining a company that embraces a co-creation mentality, where HR solutions are developed collaboratively with leaders, teams, and employees.

Who Will Love This Job

A self-starter looking to contribute in a high-growth environment and across all areas of People and Culture.
A data advocate who can interpret and use people data to craft a compelling story and translate it into action.
A collaborator who brings curiosity and compassion working with others and building strong, productive relationships.
A business partner who understands Generates strategy and aligns it with the organizations people processes and programs.
A coach who builds trust across levels by providing insight to help others see opportunities and around corners.
A builder who is passionate about creating exceptional employee experiences and a strong culture.

Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster. The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations. The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies:
Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.