About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received over 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role: 
The Strategy  Business Development Associate Director will help execute on high-priority, high-impact strategy, new product planning, and business development opportunities across the company. 
A successful candidate is comfortable with ambiguity and able to articulate key scientific findings to senior business leaders. They will rapidly establish credibility, trust, and respect across the organization, specifically in the RD organization, in order to operate as a true strategic thought partner across the business. They demonstrate excellent scientific communication skills and the ability to articulate complicated concepts clearly (in both written and verbal form) and drill down to the key concepts critical for business success. They need to be able to appropriately balance multiple priorities and work against tight timelines.  
The position is Boston based.  
Key responsibilities: 

Execute high-priority, high-impact strategy projects independently and cross-functionally with other parts of the Generate Biomedicines organization (e.g., RD, Platform, Finance) 
Develop robust program strategies as the New Product Planning representative, including defining target product profiles and value proposition of our programs with the Program Lead and leading the strategic planning of our assets (financial valuations, BD opportunities, Competitive intelligence)   
Develop compelling communications and materials to convey our scientific and program value propositions for business development and partnership conversations (including potential investor discussion), including being the scientific translator for the business functions within Generate.
Build trust-based relationships across the scientific teams, which helps to frame scientific strategy as a partner within the organization.  
Support the corporate and business development operations (including where needed helping with targets and engagement tracking, engagement preparation).
Establish and evaluate value implications of potential corporate development and strategic decisions including financial analysis such as NPV and IRR. 

Heres how you will contribute:

Develop compelling communications and materials to convey our scientific and program value propositions for business development and partnership conversations (including potential investor discussion), including being the scientific translator for the business functions within Generate. 
Build trust-based relationships across the scientific teams, which helps to frame scientific strategy as a partner within the organization.  
Support the corporate and business development operations (including where needed helping with targets and engagement tracking, engagement preparation). 
Execute high-priority, high-impact strategy projects independently and cross-functionally with other parts of the Generate Biomedicines organization (e.g., RD, Platform, Finance) with a focus on RD topics 
Establish and evaluate value implications of potential corporate development and strategic decisions including financial analysis such as NPV and IRR. 

Preferred Qualifications:  

Masters or PhD degree in life sciences or another relevant field. 
5 years of professional experience, preferably with experience in biotechnology andor life science consulting 
Proven track record of executing complex strategy projects.
Experience in some major aspects of the business development function (i.e., deal sourcing, engagement preparation, alliance management). 

Skills: 

Curious, sharp business acumen with strong analytic and communication skills. 
Results-driven, high-performer with highly collaborative style; able to influence and build consensus across all levels of the organization. 
Deep RD and life science strategy expertise.
Strong financial toolkit (e.g., experience in NPVDCF modelling, competent in PL teardowns).
Highly self-motivated with demonstrated agility to multitask, manage time, handle uncertainty, and work under pressure with limited oversight.
Excellent computer skills, especially PowerPoint and Excel required.
Experience with scientific presentation tools (e.g., Prism GraphPad) preferred. 

LI-HM1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.