About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role:
Reporting to the Vice President of Portfolio and Program Management, Generate Biomedicines is seeking a motivated and energetic Associate Director to enable execution of the goals, objectives and strategy of assigned early development clinical programs. The successful candidate will work in partnership with the Program Leader and the cross-functional Program Team to enable translation of the program strategy to a tactical plan for execution. The successful candidate will have strong program management, leadership and drug development experience across the discovery, pre-clinical and early clinical development space. Individuals will exhibit strong integration, change management and creative problem solving skills to contribute to a highly collaborative and integrated culture. The Associate Director must thrive in a fast-paced, ambiguous, highly interdisciplinary entrepreneurial environment, and have the desire to tackle large challenges. This role presents a unique opportunity to have both a direct hand in driving a first-of-its kind AI-driven therapeutic to the clinic as well as contributing to the development of a first-in-class AI program management function.
Heres how you will contribute:
This role partners with the Program Leader in their role as the strategic partner and operational lead for Research and Development programs within the portfolio. Managing cross-functional team efforts to develop impactful presentations to summarize complex topics into critical points to facilitate strategic planning and decision-making. Preparing program status updates and governance presentations to the Executive Committee.
The Associate Director will develop, maintain and control the integrated program schedule at the core team level.  This includes the tracking of progress (baseline vs. latest estimate) made on key activities, tasks, deliverables, milestones and stage gate decisions; owning of scenario planning relative to scope, time, cost impact as part of effective decision making; identify activities on the critical path; and communicating the status of the program to key stakeholders.

Individuals will demonstrate creativity and resourcefulness in identifying, monitoring and mitigating risks and issues such that development programs execute according to plan.
Building relationships with key stakeholders (program leader, functional team members and leadership) to ensure alignment of program, functional and company objectives to deliver the program strategy and promote program goals.
Coordinating the program teams day-to-day communications, including, facilitating cross-functional team meetings, leading discussions to drive decision-making, preparing agendas and meeting minutes, defining and resolving actions items and issues.
Partnering with Finance to develop and track program budgets and resource plans
Contributing to Program Management initiatives to enable development and scaling of capabilities, tools and processes.
Providing oversight of third-party vendor activities and strategies which include status of vendor deliverables and third-party vendor metrics data.
Supporting RD processes as they relate to vendor operational qualificationdocumentation and vendor performance management 
Being a successful  and influential leader with the ability to inspire and motivate others and drive results with positive, meaningful outcomes
Embracing and demonstrating a diversity and inclusion mindset and role models these behaviors for the organization

The Ideal Candidate will have:

MScBSc degree in life sciences or business-related field
10 years biopharma industry experience, including minimum of 4 years with direct project management experience in biotechnology or pharma industries, is required
Ability to work collaboratively on multiple projects concurrently in a fast-paced environment
Outstanding interpersonal skills with a demonstrated ability to build alignment and drive resolution of issues while maintaining positive working relationships across functions
Ability to apply basic project management principles including, but not limited to, identifying critical paths, building and communicating timelines, defining milestones and methods for setting expectations and accountability.
Proficiency with SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Smartsheet and other PM management workspace collaboration tool.

Location: This is located at our headquarters in Somerville, MA with an onsite presence expected. Open to relocation.   
LI-RT1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.