About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role: 
The Procurement Operations and Systems Associate Director will develop, advance, and lead procurement operations and systems for the Company. The position will report to the Head of Strategic Sourcing, Procurement, and Contracts and will partner with key stakeholders across the Company. We are searching for an experienced, customer centric, driven, enthusiastic, collaborative, and self-motivated individual who is comfortable working as a team and overseeing various aspects of the procurement function to ensure streamlined and efficient operations. This individual will join a dynamic, rapidly growing, and highly collaborative team.
Heres how you will contribute:

The successful candidate will lead and develop a team of procurement professionals and be responsible for the day-to-day successful operations of the team.
Work independently as well as part of a collaborative team of procurement, sourcing, contracting and accounts payable professionals to ensure a streamlined Procure to Pay (P2P) process.
Establish, maintain, and ensure a high level of customer service with business users across the company.
Provide routine advice on procurement best practices and promote purchasing with preferred suppliers.
Establish Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) for Procurement Operations and procurement team members.
Generate and analyze reports on Procurement metrics and make recommendations for areas of improvement.
Assist and participate in the implementation and roll out of our new P2P system (Coupa).
Manage the review and approval process for purchase orders within the P2P system.
Participate in the development, documentation, implementation, and maintenance of the companys P2P policies and procedures.
Develop and conduct procurement training program for existing and new employees.
Manage supplier catalogs and integrations within P2P system.
Manage process for onboarding new suppliers and maintaining accurate data relating to suppliers.
Collaborate with Accounting and Finance to ensure accounts and department numbers are properly maintained within P2P System.
Oversee tracking receipts of procured products and services to ensure accurate alignment with purchase orders.
Resolve purchasing related issues.
Supports as needed, account payable activities for the company to ensure timely payments of vendor invoices and employee expenses per our policies and procedures.
Partner with Finance and IT to maintain integrations across various systems  and Coupa.
Responsible for the management of user records, including account activation and deactivations within Coupa.
Identify areas for continuous process improvements.

The Ideal Candidate will have:

Bachelors degree with 8 years in finance or purchasing experience is required.
Experience working in the Biotechnology or Pharmaceutical industry is strongly preferred.
Proven track record of excellence in customer service.
P2P experiencegeneral process knowledge required.
Proven track record of successful leadership of procurement operations and systems
Experience with Coupa is strongly preferred.
Data driven approach to problem solving and decision making.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, meet deadlines, and balance multiple priorities.
Independently motivated, detail-oriented, and can-do attitude.

LI-HM1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.