About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role:
Generate Biomedicines is looking for an exceptionally talented and highly motivated individual to join the Bioanalytical and Biomarker Translational Sciences team. The position will require strong hands-on experience in the regulated bioanalytical space to develop, optimize, validate, and qualify fit-for-purpose assays for all therapeutic candidates (biologics). Additionally, this scientist will be required to perform data analysis, interpret results and be familiar with method transfer.  The individual will also perform hands-on-experiments in the lab to deliver on bioanalytical methods and ensure the success of our therapeutic programs.
In this role you will drive bioanalysis for both IND enabling and clinical studies and act as the liaison between Translational Sciences and preclinical and clinical study teams, Therapeutic Area Research, Toxicology, Clinical Pharmacology  Clinical Development, and external partners (i.e., Contract Research Organizations [CROs]), to effectively manage pharmacokinetics (PK), immunogenicity, and biomarker assay deliverables.
The candidate must thrive in a scientifically stimulating, fast-paced environment with high expectations. Ability to troubleshoot, collaboration with cross-functional teams, respect for peerscolleagues, excellent work ethic, and setting the bar high are key values to thrive in our Team.
Heres how you will contribute:

Hands-on experience with sample preparationextraction techniques for various analytes from biological matrices. Experience working with CROs is preferred.
Develop, optimize, validate, and run bioanalytical methods. CRO experience is preferred.
Review sample analysis documentation and clinical sample analysis reports.
Review clinical study-related documents including expanded synopses, protocols, and amendments.
Review SOPs, publications, and guidelines to ensure the conduct of bioanalysis is aligned with industry practice andor regulatory expectations.
Participate in internal and external project teams. Prepare and present scientific data at internal and external meetings.
Stay up to date on literature, government guidelines, internal guidance on clinical trial conduct including Good Laboratory Practice (GLP), Good Clinical Practice (GCP), internal SOPs and regulations, and White Papers, as appropriate, for pre-clinical and clinical bioanalysis to ensure practices are consistent with regulatory expectations.
A willingness to learn new concepts and challenge boundaries; adaptability to change.
Organization and attention to detail; ability to handle multiple projects in a fast-paced environment.
Strong interpersonal skills with an eagerness to work with and support colleagues in other departments.

The Ideal Candidate will have:

Experience with bioanalytical techniques, e.g., ELISA, ECL, MSD, LC-MSMS, PCR, flow cytometry, or immunogenicity assays is a must.
Experience with writingreviewing scientific documents, reports, or contributing to regulatory submissions a plus.
PhD4 years of experience in a life science discipline or BScMSc and 12 years of relevant research experience, preferably in an industry setting
Demonstrated ability to independently design, perform, troubleshoot, interpret, present and document experiments is required.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Prior project management abilities

Who Will Love This Job: 

A rigorous scientist who enjoys a fast-paced environment with a driven and collaborative team.

LI-KC1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.