About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role:
Generate Biomedicines is seeking a motivated Scientist with bioprocess experience across a variety of host cell systems to help develop and optimize production workflows in our Large Scale Biotherapeutics Production department. This is an exciting opportunity to work on critical deliverables for our ML-enabled therapeutic programs focused on a diverse set of modalities and therapeutic areas. You will be responsible for delivering protein production batches at numerous scales in both stable CHO and transient CHO and HEK systems. In addition to supporting Generates early and late-stage portfolio programs, you will also contribute to broader innovation impacting protein production practices company wide. As part of this role, you will also interface with Generates internal Tech Ops team in support of Lead Candidate Selection and Technology Transfer of our lead molecules to CDMOs. This is a unique opportunity to help establish optimized upstream processes across a wide range of protein modalities and cell lines in a discovery-minded, cross-functional team setting.
Heres how you will contribute:

Participate in the development and continuous improvement of Generates CHO expression system
Independently design and perform experiments to systematically optimize cell growth and productivity 96-deep well, spin tube, shake flask, microbioreactor, and benchtop bioreactors for our transient and stable cell workflows
Lead the evaluation of implementation of benchtop-scale bioreactors (1 and 2-liter glass reactors and 10 liter single-use reactors)
Contribute to protein production and process development studies in Ambr15 microbioreactors
Operate and maintain cell counters, osmometers, blood-gas analyzers, and metabolite analyzers
Influence the design and commissioning of a brand new, state of the art Protein Production Laboratory
Interface with Downstream Purification and Analytical Chemistry colleagues
Assess titer and product quality attributes of biotherapeutics through analytical chemistry methods
Collaborate with internal Tech Ops dry lab team to develop Stable CHO capabilities in-house
Prepare technical summary reports in support of Technology Transfer to external partners
Establish workflows and author RD lab protocols

The Ideal Candidate will have:

PhD with 2 years or BSMS with 8 years of relevant experience in Biochemistry, Chemical Engineering or related degree program
Hands-on experience in industry setting is required
Extensive hands-on experience operating and trouble-shooting bioreactor systems
A self-starter attitude with the ability to take initiative
A collaborative team member that can both advocate and compromise when appropriate
Keen ability to network and forge connections across departments and functional areas
Excellent communication, documentation, and technical writing skills
Familiarity with regulatory issues pertaining to the manufacture of biologic medicines

Highly Desirable Skills:

Molecular biology techniques associated with construction, large-scale preparation, and characterization of plasmid DNA
Molecular biology assays including PCR, qPCR, and Droplet Digital PCR
Experience delivering biotherapeutic assets for clinical development
Experience in formal Technology Transfer (Outsource process to CDMO)
Authoring IND and BLA sections
Responding to health agency queries

Location: Andover, MA (primary) and Somerville, MA (10)
 
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.
LI-RT1
 