About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role:
Generate Biomedicines is seeking an experienced, highly motivated, and innovative Associate Director to be a part of a growing Protein Sciences department that is leveraging automated high-throughput platforms in multiple areas of protein production and characterization workflows. The individual will contribute to and manage workflows that include construct design, protein expression, purification, and biophysicalstructural characterization of proteins across diverse modalities and scales. They will work collaboratively with the team and manage direct reports to develop, optimize, and execute methodologies in the production and characterization of complex protein modalities with varying biochemistries. They will be responsible for onboarding new technologies, increasing automation and throughput, training and managing of junior team members, designing experiments and communicating findings cross-functionally, maintaining detailed records, and generating standard operating procedures. This position will also include the responsibility to be a functional representative for different project teams with the potential to lead projects as well. This is an exciting opportunity to be part of a fast-paced, start-up environment, with a great culture.
Heres how you will contribute:

Protein construct design across a wide range of protein types and modalities to support project teams
Developing and optimizing methods for the expression, purification, and biophysical characterization of different protein modalities at small and large scales
Explore, assess and bring in-house new technologies in the relevant areas that are state-of-the-art and will enhance the internal platform to continuously improve efficiencies
Be an outstanding leader and collaborator, a creative problem solver, and a role model for your direct reports and colleagues
Serve as a subject matter expert in the area of protein production and characterization across different cross-functional teams
Serve as a Protein Science representative on project teams and participate in data presentations and cross-functional collaborations with opportunity to serve as Project Lead
Detailed documentation of data and analysis
Direct management, training, andor mentorship of other team members
Some benchwork will be required

The ideal candidate will have:

PhD 9 yrs. relevant experience, BSMS with 16 years of relevant experience, preferably in industry
Expression of proteins in different host systems such as mammalian (transient andor stable) and bacterial. Experience with cell-free expression systems is a plus
Extended track record of being an outstanding leader and collaborator, a creative problem-solver, and a role model for your direct reports and colleagues
Molecular biology methodologies involved in DNA workflows
Small scale HT automation protein production as well as large scale protein purification chromatography-based methods
Protein biophysical characterization methodologies such as aSEC, SEC-MALS, SDS-page, Western blot, DSF, Octet, etc.
Prior industrial drug discovery experience working on cross-functional collaborative teams
Track record of creativity in successfully addressing challenging protein production
Commitment to growth and development of direct team members
Excellent attention to detail, documentation, and communication skills

 
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.
 
LI-RT1