About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role: 
We are seeking an experienced and passionate Principal Scientist, PreclinicalTranslational PKPD to provide scientific and technical hands-on support to project teams from research through first-in-human studies. This person will work closely with collaborators across functions (including computational sciences, protein sciences, therapeutic area biology, translational science, and clinical development) to advance molecule programs through regulatory acceptance for clinical testing and to provide continued support through clinical development.   We seek someone with scientific depth and curiosity who embraces novel approaches and innovation in the interest of rigorous but efficient therapeutic RD. While our preference is hybrid with onsite in Somerville, MA, we are also open to remote. 
Heres how you will contribute:

Serve as PKPD representative on project teams from research through initiation of clinical development, providing PKPD-based expert input into molecule design and assessment, lead selection, and pre-IND PKPD activities for the desired application.
Determine and execute on integrated PKPD strategy including experimental and mechanistic modeling and simulation efforts.
Provide intellectual and technical expertise concerning preclinical PK study design, execution, data interpretation and reporting, including and not limited to kinetics of the molecule and its relationship to PDsafetyefficacy biomarkers, and exposure-responsetoxicity relationships.
Manage the conduct of experimentsstudies at external laboratories; review and evaluate protocols, results, and reports.
Drive the integration of data from in vitro and preclinical PKPD, tox and efficacy studies for translational projection of PKPD, potential safety, immunogenicity, and efficacy in human.
Support FIH dose recommendations considering totality of evidence in context of interest.
Authorreview reports and sections of in regulatory filings (INDCTA) and IB updates and provide responses to related regulatory queries. 
Continue to provide mechanistic PKPD expertise to team as needed once program enters clinical development.
Stay abreast of developments in preclinicaltranslational PKPD strategy, including requirements for different formats, relevant and state of the art in vitro and in vivo models, and opportunities for use of non-animal models.

The Ideal Candidate will have:

Ph.D. in Pharmaceutical Sciences, Biomedical Engineering, Quantitative Pharmacology or related disciplines
3-6 years of industry experience with focus on PKPD of protein therapeutics required
experience on PKPD of various formats (antibodies, bi-specifics, fusion proteins, ADCs, etc) and in different therapeutic areas (esp immunology, infectious disease, and cancer immunology) desirable
Experience in regulatory interactions, especially INDCTA enabling activities, preparation, and responses to regulatory questions, required
Familiarity with integrating input from quantitative modeling  simulation of protein therapeutics, especially mechanistic PKPD and QSP, in relevant software (MATLAB Simbiology, R, ADAPT, ) is necessary; hands-on modeling experience is desirable
Excellent collaboration skills and ability to work cross-functionally towards common goals
Excellent presentation and written communication skills

Who Will Love This Job:

A go-getter who embraces new opportunities and complex challenges with a sense of urgency, energy, and enthusiasm.  
Someone who operates effectively in a team environment, and who leads with trust, transparency and a collaborative mindset. 
A deep scientist who relies on a mixture of mechanistic and quantitative analysis, wisdom, experience, and judgement when making recommendations on what to pursue and what not to pursue. 

LI-KC1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.