About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
The Role
We are seeking to expand our high throughput data generation efforts at Generate by recruiting an innovative and experienced Executive Director, High Throughput Data Generation. The successful candidate will lead a group focused on cutting edge assay development, assay automation and digitization and productionizing data generation at scale. We are searching for a creative and scientifically rigorous individual who thrives in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment. An ideal candidate will have extensive experience leading screening and discovery organizations, with a demonstrated track record of success in assay and method innovation, and data generation at scale across multiple platforms. Expertise in digital and informatics tools to support assay automation and data acquisition and analysis at scale is required and experience leveraging data to support machine learning platforms is a plus. The candidate should have a sustained record of being a strategic and innovative thinker and a thoughtful people leader.
Here Is How You Will Contribute

Be a thoughtful and creative leader of the high throughput data generation organization at Generate.
Lead the strategic vision for data generation at scale to support machine learning guided development of therapeutics.
Build and develop a world class data generation team developing cutting edge tools and methods to measure biophysical and functional protein characteristics at unprecedented scale.
Identify and advance new opportunities and methods to guide business development opportunities.
Partner with Computational and Machine Learning Sciences, Protein Sciences, Preclinical Discovery and Development and Research to advance the Generate platform and portfolio of molecules across multiple therapeutic areas.
Be a flexible and inquisitive leader in drug development.

The Ideal Candidate Will Have

Ph.D. in molecular biology, biochemistry, biomedical engineering, or related field with 15 years of direct experience conceptualizing and leading discovery and screening efforts.
Strong people leadership skills as demonstrated by management and mentorship of a diverse scientific team.
Proven scientific leadership in novel methods and assay development.
Extensive track record of being an outstanding leader and collaborator, a creative problem-solver, and a role model for your team and colleagues.
Proven effective collaboration with Digital, Computational, and Research organizations to advance therapeutics andor platforms.
Innovative and disruptive mindset and desire to work in a fast-paced dynamic environment.

Who Will Love This Job

A rigorous and strategic leader who loves to build therapeutics in a fast-paced environment with a driven and collaborative team.

LI-KD1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.