About Generate Biomedicines
Generate Biomedicines is a new kind of therapeutics company  existing at the intersection of machine learning, biological engineering, and medicine  pioneering Generative Biology to create breakthrough medicines where novel therapeutics are computationally generated, instead of being discovered. Generate has built a machine learning-powered biomedicines platform with the potential to generate new drugs across a wide range of biologic modalities. This platform represents a potentially fundamental shift in what is possible in the field of biotherapeutic development.
We pursue this audacious vision because we believe in the unique and revolutionary power of generative biology to radically transform the lives of billions, with an outsized opportunity for patients in need. We are seeking collaborative, relentless problem solvers that share our passion for impact to join us!
Generate was founded in 2018 by Flagship Pioneering and has received nearly 700 million in funding, providing the resources to rapidly scale the organization. The Company has offices in Somerville and Andover, Massachusetts with over 275 employees.
Generate Biomedicines is seeking an experienced and visionary Senior Scientist, CryoEM who can innovate to scale our cryoEM workflows, adopt and develop paradigm-shifting approaches in coordination with members of the cryoEM team, and engage scientists and engineers at Generate and with our partners.  
Generate Biomedicines CryoEM laboratory is located in a recently completed facility in Andover, MA. The facilitys instrumentation includes high-end cryo-microscopes with autoloaders, energy filters, direct detectors, cold field emission guns, as well as standard and emerging vitrification tools in dedicated specimen preparation and protein production laboratories. The position offers opportunities for learning and leadership in a fast paced, team-oriented group. 
Heres how you will contribute:

Take a leading role on the team in eliminating cryoEM bottlenecks from specimen preparation to imaging to analysis
Optimize performance of the facilitys advanced electron microscopes and detectors
Work with team members to implement and refine existing technologies and explore emerging and novel methodologies to prepare and image cryogenic specimens for transmission electron microscopy
Coordinate experiments and communicate results with members of the cryoEM team and project teams
Collaborate with scientists and engineers within Generate, and cultivate relationships with our external partners to achieve unprecedented throughput in cryoEM 

The Ideal Candidate will have:

PhD with 7 years or MSBS with 14 years of research experience in life sciences, chemistry, engineering, materials science, or relevant discipline  
Expertise operating, maintaining, and managing 200 kV and 300 kV microscopes with autoloaders
Demonstrated record of pursuing innovative methods in cryogenic electron microscopy, including protein expression, purification, and biochemicalbiophysical characterization for cryogenic specimen preparation, imaging, and analysis
Strong interpersonal skills and communication skills, eagerness to collaborate, listen, learn, synthesize, distill, and transfer knowledge
Strong organizational skills including ability to prioritize effort toward the most impactful experiments
Attention to detail in reporting and responding to experimental queues including troubleshooting complex experiments and instrumentation
Ability to clearly document issues for service personnel and cryoEM team members to push the boundaries of instrument operation
Ability to independently recognize and collaboratively solve a wide range of problems in coordination with a diverse team in a fast-paced work environment
Provide expertise to the cryoEM team and to project teams at Generate
Experience implementing programs and infrastructure for data ingestion and analysis, imaging, image reconstruction, and model building

Who Will Love This Job:

An ambitious innovator who stretches technological limits and engages teammates toward our common goal

LI-KC1
Generate Biomedicines is committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
COVID Safety:
Generate Biomedicines enforces a mandatory vaccination policy for COVID-19. All employees must be fully vaccinated and have received a booster.  The purpose of this policy is to safeguard the health of our employees, their families, and the community at large from infectious disease that may be reduced by vaccinations.  The company will make exceptions to this policy if required by applicable law and will consider requests for an exemption from this policy due to a medical reason, or because of a sincerely held religious belief, or any other exemptions that may be recognized by applicable.
Recruitment  Staffing Agencies: Generate Biomedicines does not accept unsolicited resumes from any source other than candidates. The submission of unsolicited resumes by recruitment or staffing agencies to Generate Biomedicines or its employees is strictly prohibited unless contacted directly by Generate Biomediciness internal Talent Acquisition team. Any resume submitted by an agency in the absence of a signed agreement will automatically become the property of Generate Biomedicines, and Generate will not owe any referral or other fees with respect thereto.