We are seeking a highly motivated individual to be our first US BDR to lead our inbound and outbound sales development efforts. 
This person is not only passionate about our mission and developer tooling, but can also gain a clear understanding of our product and articulate its value proposition to potential customers. Youll be at the forefront of our customer acquisition and business growth strategy and will play an integral role in our go-to-market strategy. The ideal candidate will have a talent for connecting with people, a strong sense of initiative, and a persistent drive to achieve their goals. Youll work closely with our CEO, the Head of Sales, AEs and our Chief of Staff. 
Through our brand love, community and product-led-growth efforts, we have a high level of inbound leads and a very mature data and sales tool stack to provide you everything you need in order to succeed in this role.
Sales Tools we use: Salesforce, Apollo.io, LinkedIn SalesNav, Dripify, ReverseContact, Customer.io and others
What youll do

Effectively plan and execute multichannel inbound and outbound prospecting initiatives that fit our messaging framework and ICP
Make dozens of phone calls to prospects every day and send highly customized, high quality emails
Drive new prospect meetings into calendars of AEs with pre-qualified leads that have a high propensity to buy
Manage, track, and report on all activities and results using Salesforce
Conduct high-level discovery conversations in target accounts
Collaborate with and leverage Sales and Marketing to develop targeted lists, call strategies, and messaging to strategically prospect and drive opportunities
Utilize business and industry knowledge to research accounts, identify key personas, generate interest, createidentify compelling events, and develop accounts
Improve our sales development processes and function

What were looking for
 Ambitious  proactive self-starter Youre highly ambitious and want to win. You do what it takes to get the job done and reach your quota. Youre a self-starter with a track record of successful, credible achievements. You can anticipate and respond to needs of the sales team by setting up new initiatives, incubating new ideas.
 Highly structured and autonomous You are highly organized and strive for operational excellence. You have the ability to take a complex, ambiguous problem and break it down into manageable parts. You drive projects autonomously involving others to support you whenever needed.
 Pragmatic with an experimental mindset You understand that doing the right thing gives you momentum while doing a thing perfectly can cost a lot of time. You use data and insights to drive and evaluate your actions.
 Curious about tooling  automation To increase operational efficiency, you constantly identify potential for and execute on automation. You dont need to be a wizard in but should be excited about leveraging tools to achieve higher degrees of automation.
 Excellent communicator You know the impact words can have and are excellent in written and oral communication. You are able to adapt according to the persona. You are also a reliable note taker during your meetings.
 Share our values We aim for a frictionless experience when interacting with our product, our company, and our brand: no hurdles, no BS, and no unnecessary steps. We are open-minded, inclusive, transparent, and curious and believe its everyones responsibility to support a safe, productive, asynchronous culture.
You also have most of the following:

US timezone, ideally East Coast
Previous B2B Enterprise experience, ideally selling to technical personas

The Process
We are fully remote - so is our hiring process. We value written and async communication, building relationships, and ensuring that peoples strengths align with the responsibility of their role. This process is designed to showcase and evaluate these topics and give you the opportunity to see how we work at Gitpod.
Stage 1: Submit your application - The more information you give us, the better. Well review your submission and will reach out to you if your strengths and experience are aligned with what we are looking for.
Stage 2: Asynchronous questions - Well send you a few questions to get to know you and learn more about what excites you about Gitpod. Youll also have a chance to share more about your strengths and experience and demonstrate your ability to work asynchronously.
Stage 4: Intro interview - Youll have the chance to meet our Chief of Staff, learn more about the work, and share your background and what makes you great for the role.
Stage 3: Challenge - We are building Gitpod in the open, so we are interested in how you would tackle solving some of the challenges we are currently solving. We are conscious of your time and will come to a decision quickly.
Stage 4: Interviews - Youll meet the Head of Sales, CEO and Head of People, and review your completed challenge. This step is designed to ask you questions and give you the space to do the same.
Stage 5: References - We like to hear from people youve worked with in the past before we move to the offer stage.
Stage 6: Offer - Join Gitpod 
Benefits
 Fully remote, flexible work day
 Flexible paid time off including holidays that are most meaningful to you
 Parental leave for all parents
 Equity
 Regular company off-sites
 Monthly mental and physical health stipend
 Monthly educational budget
 Health insurance (country dependent)
 Premium work-from-home equipment