About Glean
Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.
About the role
Glean is searching for an experienced Head of Communications who is passionate about helping enterprises bring cutting-edge AI into the workplace. As our Head of Communications, you will play a critical role in accelerating awareness, driving key external narratives, and overseeing Gleans public relations strategy and execution through a period of unprecedented growth. 
What you will do and achieve

Drive our external communications strategy for product and corporate public relations, including building relationships with media, analysts, and influencers across trade, tech, and broader business outlets, as well as seeking out speaking and award opportunities and developing creative ways to position Glean as a thought leader and subject matter expert.
Develop and maintain the in-market narratives for Gleans public positioning, partnering closely with Marketing leadership and cross-functional teams to maintain clearly articulated and differentiated corporate communications, product communications, and developer communications strategy.
Be a thought partner to the broader Marketing and Glean company leadership, by staying abreast of the latest trends, having a point of view on which PR activities to prioritize, knowing who we should engage with, and knowing who influences conversations in the market— all while linking these activities back to supporting Gleans growth.
Partner closely with Product Marketing and company executives to support Analyst Relations strategy and execution. 
Partner closely with Content and Social Media to identify trending topics, determine key awareness channels, and experiment with campaign tactics.
Oversee our PR agency, collaborate with leadership to determine the metrics for success, and lay the foundation for our broader awareness opportunities.
Drive internal communications strategy, including employee communications and executive communications, by partnering with senior management and People team to build, refine, and anticipate needs for internal company messaging.

Who you are

BABS in communication, marketing, liberal arts, or related degree
10 years in communications and PR with experience managing teams and agencies responsible for communications, PR, analyst relationship, andor brand
Stellar written and verbal communication, with experience simplifying concepts and influencing stakeholders, and impeccable attention to detail
A get-it-done attitude with ability to roll up your sleeves while driving strategy
A proven track record in understanding ROI, reporting and analytics, and success metrics for PR
Experience working closely with software development processes, familiarity with developer teams, andor experience with a technical B2B SaaS product
Ability to balance and prioritize competing opportunities, customer needs, and business priorities

Benefits

Competitive compensation
Healthcare
Flexible work environment
401k
Unlimited PTO
Transparent culture
Learning and development opportunities
Company events
Free meals

For California based applicants: 
The standard base salary range for this position is 150,000 - 235,000 annually. Compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Certain roles may be eligible for variable compensation, equity, and benefits.
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.