
About Glean
 

Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.



What you will do and achieve:

Generate new business opportunities to fuel the sales pipeline
Efficiently respond and qualify inbound leads
Drive net new business meetings by conducting targeted campaigns, emails and cold calls
Conduct high level discovery calls with senior executives in target and prospect accounts
Help create and prioritize strategic target account lists within a defined territory
Research and build new and existing accounts (i.e.: adding contacts, emails, strategic calling)
Achieve monthly quotas of qualified opportunities and meetings




Minimum REQUIRED Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

6 months to 1 year of sales or related professional experience
Basic knowledge of workplace SaaS software a plus
Excellent writtenverbal communication skills
Strong problem solving skills
Highly motivated, driven and self-starting individual with a positive attitude
Ability to work in a fast paced, team environment
Ability to understand business requirements and organizational structure
Excellent time managementorganizational skills
Track record of success in a performance and metrics driven role
The ambition and hope to grow and advance a career in sales
Bachelors degree from an accredited university

Benefits:

Competitive compensation
Healthcare
Flexible work environment and time-off policy
401k
Transparent culture
Learning and development opportunities
Company events
Free meals

The standard OTE range for this position is 65,000 - 90,000 annually. Compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Certain roles may be eligible for variable compensation, equity, and benefits.
 
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
 
