About Glean
 
Were on a mission to bring people the knowledge they need to make a difference in the world. 
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers, who wondered why we dont have an easier way of finding what we need at work. In our personal lives, we have tools to help us find pretty much whatever we need. Why dont we have that at work? And that was the beginning of Glean.
Glean searches across all your companys apps to help you find exactly what you need and discover the things you should know. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.
What you will do and achieve:

Generate new business leads to fuel the sales pipeline and collaborate with other BDRs and AEs
Drive net new business meetings by creating and executing targeted campaigns leveraging email, social media, and other emerging prospecting technologies  
Help create and prioritize strategic target account lists within a defined territory
Research and build new and existing accounts (i.e.: account research, adding contacts, emails)
Data clean-up and maintenance (list building, list enrichment, process optimization for Sales Dev tech stack)

Minimum REQUIRED Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Minimum 1 year of experience as SDR preferably in a SaaS company
Excellent writtenverbal communication skills
Experience working with prospecting tools like Linkedin Sales Navigator, Zoominfo, LeadIQ etc 
Proficient in cold calling, emailing and LinkedIn outreach campaigns
Highly motivated, driven and self-starting individual with a positive attitude
Ability to work in a fast paced, team environment
Ability to understand business requirements and organizational structure
Worked with US prospects and customers.
Excellent time managementorganizational skills
Track record of success in a performance and metrics driven role
Bachelors degree from an accredited university
Basic knowledge of workplace SaaS software a plus

 
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.