
ABOUT GLEAN

Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.

 
ABOUT THE ROLE
 
Glean is looking for creative engineers to launch beautiful, smooth user facing features from within a modern React and TypeScript codebase. In a rapidly growing startup, this entails developing ideas with product designers to best balance constraints with requirements, delivering best-in-class user interfaces that run in modern mobile and desktop browsers, as well as creating frontend infrastructure to support rapid experimentation and development.
 
What you will do and achieve:


Build delightful user interfaces with React.js in collaboration with stellar product designers and backend engineers
Oversee the entirety of your features from inception to launch and beyond
Write robust code thats easy to read, maintain and test
Push the boundaries of platform constraints to integrate an instant Scio experience into every workflow
Mentor more junior engineers or learn from battle tested ones

Who you are:

B.Tech in computer science, or related degree
Experience with a highly polished consumer grade React.js app, or 3 with any web app

Key knowledge and skills:

Thrive in a customer-focused, tight-knit and cross-functional environment
A proactive and positive attitude to lead, learn, troubleshoot and take ownership of both small tasks and large features
Passionate about using open web technologies (HTML5CSSJS) to build pixel perfect, zero-latency, 60FPS user interfaces that run on all devices 
Comfortable in TypeScript, or JavaScript and type-curious
Experienced in or desire to master one or more of: Progressive Web Apps (PWA), Web Extensions, Electron, Capacitor, React, Redux, Webpack

We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
