About Glean

Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.

Role
We are seeking a creative and experienced Social Media Manager to join our Marketing team. The Social Media Manager will be responsible for developing and implementing social media strategies to increase our online presence, engage our audience, and drive growth.
What you will do and achieve

Social Media Strategy and Execution:

Develop and implement social media strategies in line with company goals and objectives
Create engaging content for various social media platforms, including Twitter  X, LinkedIn, and emerging platforms
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to source content and to ensure consistent messaging and brand voice across all channels
Stay up-to-date with the latest social media trends and best practices

Social Media Advertising and Analytics:

Manage social media advertising campaigns, including budget allocation and performance analysis
Monitor and analyze social media performance, adjusting strategies as needed to optimize results
Utilize social media management tools and analytics to track performance and inform future strategies

Community Management and Influencer Relations:

Respond to comments and messages on social media platforms in a timely and professional manner
Develop and maintain relationships with influencers and industry professionals
Identify opportunities for partnerships and collaborations to expand Gleans reach and influence


Who you are

Bachelors degree in Marketing, Communication, or a related field
Proven experience as a Social Media Manager or similar role
Excellent knowledge of social media platforms and best practices
Excellent copywriting and content creation skills
Familiarity with social media management tools and analytics
Excellent attention to detail and organizational skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Strong communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to multitask and prioritize tasks in a fast-paced environment
Creative thinking and problem-solving abilities
Excellent time management and project management skills
A passion for staying current with industry trends and emerging technologies
A strong understanding of and passion for Gleans brand, mission, and values

Benefits

Competitive compensation
Healthcare
Flexible work environment and time-off policy
401k
Transparent culture
Learning and development opportunities
Company events
Free meals

For California based applicants: 
The standard base salary range for this position is 115,000 - 179,280 annually. Compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Certain roles may be eligible for variable compensation, equity, and benefits.
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.