About Glean

Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.

Role

Glean is looking for an experienced B2B SaaS product marketer to join our team. This role will require translating customer insight into action, cross-functional elegance mixed with hands-on execution, clear and compelling communication, creativity, and a genuine passion for Gleans mission and product. Specifically, this role requires wearing many hats to identify and build solutions that grow customer and prospective customer engagement. Youll drive an effective product marketing strategy, including understanding customer needs, translating user and market research into actionable insights for Product, Sales, and Marketing, and creating content and programs to nurture existing customers and drive new customer interest.

What you will do and achieve


Research and articulate customer needs, and translate findings into actionable insights for Product and Marketing
Drive product and feature launches that position Glean as a category leader, engage existing customers, and drive new qualified leads
Drive customer and prospective customer engagement with sales and success enablement materials, marketing collateral, and marketing programs that span discovery, consideration, purchase, usage, and advocacy


Who you are

BABS in business, marketing, liberal arts, or related degree
4-8 years of B2B SaaS product marketing experience
Action-oriented self-starter with a love of making people and companies more effective, an eagerness to learn the ins and outs of how a product works, and a growth mindset driving you to roll up your sleeves to make things happen
Passionate about Gleans mission and product and representing our customers needs


Key Knowledge  Skills

Excellent communication— both written and verbal— with experience simplifying concepts, influencing stakeholders, and creating compelling messaging and content for external audiences
Strategic and resourceful cross-functional collaborator with a track record of consistently delivery excellent results in a fast-paced environment
Excels at putting structure on ambiguity and taking a results-driven approach to work (testing, measuring, iterating)
Strong critical and analytical thinking, reasoned judgment, and impeccable attention to detail

Benefits

Competitive compensation
Healthcare
Flexible work environment
401k
Unlimited PTO
Transparent culture
Learning and development opportunities
Company events
Free meals


For California based applicants: 
The standard base salary range for this position is 119,600 - 185,000 annually. Compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Certain roles may be eligible for variable compensation, equity, and benefits.
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
 
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.

