

About Glean
 
Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.
What you will do and achieve


Source and close net new logos within a given territory
Have the ability to navigate complex organizational structures and identify executive sponsors and champions
Research and understand the business objectives of your customers and have the ability to perform a value drive sales cycle
Collaborate with internal partners to move deals forward and ensure customer success 
You will consistently deliver ARR revenue targets and drive success through a metric based approach
Develop and execute sales strategies and tactics to generate pipeline, drive sales opportunities and deliver repeatable and predictable bookings
Provide timely and insightful input back to other corporate functions
Create ROI and business justification reports based off of a data driven approach
Run tight POCs based off of business success criteria



Who you are

Candidates are required to reside in the New York Metropolitan  
6 years of closing experience in Sales with a track record of being a top performer
Ability to learn, pitch and demonstrate a highly technical product and have the ability to adapt in a fast growing and changing environment 
Have clear examples of closing complex deals and selling into complex organizations
Effectively use a repeatable method for uncovering greenfield opportunities and building out a new territory 
Previous experience building relationships and selling face to face to C level executives
Knowledge of best of breed softwares and a technical understanding of integrations, APIs, infrastructure management, security and analytics
Experience selling technical SaaS and cloud based software solutions

Bonus skills and attributes

Basic understanding of search infrastructure is a plus
You have previous experience working with multiple teammates including SEs, BDRs, PMs, Executives  Engineers
Experience with target account selling, solution selling, and using MEDDIC and Challenger (or similar) methodologies is a plus

Benefits

Competitive compensation
Healthcare
Flexible work environment and time-off policy
401k
Transparent culture
Learning and development opportunities
Company events
Free meals

The standard OTE range for this position is 235,000 - 265,000 annually. Compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Certain roles may be eligible for variable compensation, equity, and benefits.
 
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
LI-REMOTE
