

About Glean

Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.

Role
 
Glean is looking for ML and NLP engineers to help build the worlds best work assistant.  Creating an intelligent and magical experience for users requires applying the latest and greatest technologies to challenging, open problems like LLM applications, NLU, domain adaptation, question answering, semantic search, and many more.
 
What you will do and achieve:




Design solutions and train models to build the intelligence powering our products
Work with rich, diverse, and novel datasets
Make progress on challenging, open research problems with direct product impact
Write robust code thats easy to read, maintain and test
Mentor more junior engineers, or learn from battle-tested ones


Who you are:




3 years of experience 
BABS in computer science, or related degree
Experience building and shipping ML models andor solving NLP problems


Key knowledge and skills:




Strong analytical skills and ability to work with data
Proven ability to design, build, and ship production-ready models
Proficiency in your ML framework of choice
Strong coding skills (Python, Go, Java, C, ...)
Thrive in a customer-focused, tight-knit and cross-functional environment - being a team player and willing to take on whatever is most impactful for the company is a must
A proactive and positive attitude to lead, learn, troubleshoot and take ownership of both small tasks and large features


Benefits

Competitive compensation
Healthcare
Flexible work environment and time-off policy
401k
Transparent culture
Learning and development opportunities
Company events
Free meals

For California based applicants: 
The standard base salary range for this position is 160,000 - 250,000 annually. Compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Certain roles may be eligible for variable compensation, equity, and benefits.
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
