 
About Glean:
 
Were on a mission to bring people the knowledge they need to make a difference in the world. 
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers, who wondered why we dont have an easier way of finding what we need at work. In our personal lives, we have tools to help us find pretty much whatever we need. Why dont we have that at work? And that was the beginning of Glean.
Glean searches across all your companys apps to help you find exactly what you need and discover the things you should know. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.
 
About the Role
 
As a founding member of our global partnerships team, you will be a key player in driving our partnerships priorities across the generative AI landscape by building deep relationships with the best Cloud, VAR, and SI partners in the enterprise search and knowledge management category. You will be responsible for strategically planning and delivering cross-functional strategies to achieve sales and partnership goals across our current and potential Cloud, VAR, and SI partners. You will partner with cross-functional teams in Product, Sales, and Go-To-Market to execute on strategic initiatives, including product, partnership, and marketing launches. The ideal candidate will have a strong business development and sales background along with a track record of building and growing GTM partnerships in an extremely fast moving, high growth environment.
 
Key Responsibilities:

Strategic Partnerships: Develop and manage our alliances with Cloud, SI, and VAR partners, including understanding their business goals, needs, and our joint value proposition. You will also be responsible for managing and overseeing the launch of marketplace listings (NAMER only); creating and driving a co-sell motion; supporting partner marketing and pipeline generation via events and GTM campaigns; and managing deal pipeline. 
Go-to-Market Strategy: Collaborate with partners to develop and execute joint go-to-market plans, including sales, marketing, and co-selling initiatives.
Cross-Functional Collaboration: Work closely with sales, marketing, product, and engineering teams to align partner strategies with company objectives.
Customer Success: Ensure that partner-driven projects are delivered successfully and that customers derive value from our solutions.
Performance Monitoring: Track and report on key performance metrics, such as partner revenue, pipeline, and customer satisfaction, and make data-driven recommendations for improvements.
Market Analysis: Stay current on market trends, competitor activities, and emerging technologies to identify new opportunities for partnerships and growth.
Partner Support and Enablement: Work with our Partner Ops  Enablement team to ensure that our partners have the necessary training, resources, and support to effectively sell and implement our product. 

 
You are:

A strategic and structured thinker who enjoys building new processes, relationships, and revenue streams, while setting and driving towards long-term goals
Resourceful and scrappy in order to build new processes and improve existing ones
Extroverted, collaborative, and eager to develop partner relationships and execute cross-functional teamwork
Thoughtful about strategy and metrics, but also able to hustle and execute
Knowledgeable about the enterprise SaaS sales motion and how to make partners successful in replicating that when selling Glean
Able to design and present business plans, track and articulate program progress, and design and document program guidelines for distribution throughout the organization and for external use
Comfortable working in remotedistributed environments
6 years of industry experience within partnershipalliances, primarily in a sales capacity
3 years of direct saleschannel salesmanagement experience within the data, cloud or SaaS space
You will be measured primarily on quota attainment, as well as MBOs such as  partnerships launchedmanaged,  pipeline generated, and successful completion of operational and strategic initiatives, defined and agreed to in advance as clear quarterly goals. 
