
About Glean
Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.
Role
We are seeking an experienced HR Generalist to join our team. The ideal candidate will have a broad knowledge of Human Resources as well as general administrative responsibilities. They will be able to work autonomously and efficiently to ensure the end-to-end running of HR projects and operations. To succeed in this role, you should be familiar with HR technology, including payroll systems and Applicant Tracking Systems.
Who you are


Proven experience as an HR Generalist.
Understanding of general human resources policies and procedures.
Good knowledge of employmentlabor laws.
Outstanding knowledge of MS Office; HRIS systems (e.g. PeopleSoft) will be a plus.
Excellent communication and people skills.
Aptitude in problem-solving.
Desire to work as a team with a results-driven approach.
BScBA in Business Administration or relevant field; additional education in Human Resource Management will be a plus.
HR Credentials (e.g. PHR from the HR Certification Institute).
Able to commute to Palo Alto.


What you will do and achieve

Conducting or assisting with new employee onboarding.
Implementing HR strategies and initiatives aligned with the overall business strategy.
Bridging management and employee relations by addressing demands, grievances, or other issues.
Supporting the development and implementation of HR initiatives and systems.
Providing counseling on policies and procedures.
Being actively involved in performance management processes.
Ensuring legal compliance throughout human resource management.
Collaborating with recruiting to ensure a smooth transition into Glean.
Assisting in the development and implementation of human resource policies.
Undertaking tasks around performance management.

How Do I Apply?
If you are passionate about shaping an exceptional workplace culture, driving growth, and nurturing talent, we would love to hear from you. Please submit your resume and a cover letter outlining your relevant experience and why you are interested in this position.
Benefits

Competitive compensation
Healthcare
Flexible work environment and PTO
401k
Transparent culture
Learning and development opportunities
Company events
Free meals

The standard base range for this position is 70,000 - 125,000 annually. Compensation offered will be determined by factors such level, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Certain roles may be eligible for variable compensation, equity, and benefits.
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
