About Glean
Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.
Role
Glean is looking for a highly skilled and motivated Infrastructure Security Engineer to join our team. In this role, you will play a crucial part in architecting and securing the cloud infrastructure of our organization, with a focus on Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and Amazon Web Services (AWS). You will be responsible for identifying security gaps, designing solutions, and utilizing cloud-native technologies to enhance our security posture. Additionally, you will be expected to develop security-specific features related to authentication, authorization, and audit logging (AAA), and contribute to the overall security strategy of the organization.
What you will do and achieve

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design and architect secure cloud infrastructure solutions on GCP and AWS.
Identify potential security vulnerabilities and gaps in existing infrastructure and propose remediation plans.
Implement cloud-native security technologies and best practices to address identified gaps.
Analyze security logs and metrics to proactively detect and respond to security incidents.
Develop and deploy security controls, such as identity and access management (IAM), network security policies, and encryption mechanisms.
Leverage software engineering skills to create security-specific features, particularly in the areas of authentication, authorization, and rate limiting.
Create documentation and train and guide team members and other stakeholders on security best practices.

Who you are

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Security, or a related field (or equivalent work experience).
Strong software engineering skills, with proficiency in at least one programming language (e.g., Python, Go, Java).
Experience with cloud platforms, preferably GCP or AWS, and a willingness to become proficient in both.
Familiarity with cloud-native security tools and services (e.g., AWS IAM, GCP Identity and Access Management, VPC security).
Knowledge of authentication and authorization protocols and technologies (e.g., OAuth, OpenID Connect).
Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently and collaboratively.
Excellent communication skills, with the ability to convey complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.

Key knowledge and skills

Thrive in a customer-focused, tight-nit and cross-functional environment - being a team player and willing to take on whatever is most impactful for the company is a must
A proactive and positive attitude to lead, learn, troubleshoot and take ownership of both small tasks and large features
Good coding skills (for example in GoPythonJavaC etc) 
Familiarity with cloud native development practices in GCPAWSAzure is a plus.

Benefits

Competitive compensation
Healthcare
Flexible work environment
Transparent culture
Learning and development opportunities
Company events
Free meals 

We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.