

About Glean
 
Were on a mission to bring people the knowledge they need to make a difference in the world. 
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers, who wondered why we dont have an easier way of finding what we need at work. In our personal lives, we have tools to help us find pretty much whatever we need. Why dont we have that at work? And that was the beginning of Glean.
Glean searches across all your companys apps to help you find exactly what you need and discover the things you should know. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.



What you will do and achieve

Partner with Account Executives to navigate complex, multi-stakeholder deal cycles with C-level executives
Create and demo custom environments based off of customer industry and line of business
Run and manage a technical POC cycle
Perform customer facing activities including technical discovery calls
Lead security based conversations to make customers comfortable with Gleans security posture
Work cross functionally with product and engineering to deliver customer request and be a voice of the customer
Develop ROI and business justification reports and presentations



Who you are

5 years of sales engineering or solution consulting experience in a SaaS organization
Bachelors degree in CS or a related field
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Highly motivated, driven and self-starting individual
Ability to work in a fast paced, team environment
Clear examples of partnering with AEs to run technical deal cycles with Enterprise customers
A consultative approach with solving your customers business challenges and having a track record of successfully overcoming technical and security objections
Familiarity with any cloud environment (GCP, AWS, Azure)
Proficiency in Python or Java
Ability to configure, monitor and maintain API based integrations.

 
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
 
