About Glean
Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.
Role
Glean is seeking a talented Solutions Architect (RSA) to join our rapidly expanding, venture-backed startup.  Glean is the work assistant with intuition. Find exactly what you need, right when you need it so you and your team can get big things done. Join our hard-working team and elevate your career. We are professional, creative, passionate, and, most importantly - customer-obsessed.
You will be the primary technical advisor to our customers post-sale, focusing on our Enterprise  Strategic segment, where the architecture and integration demands are high.  You will guide customers through their architecture, design, and implementation of Glean within their enterprise architecture.
What you will do:

Establish and maintain your role as the customers primary technical advisor. Think of yourself as the CTO of the customer relationship.
Work with customers to onboard new datasources and implement custom integrations of Glean into their work environment and business application architecture
Build and provide tools, templates, and documentation for customers to leverage in integrating with Glean based on their business application stack
Identify opportunities with the customer to expand the use of Glean within their business application architecture
Provide training and guidance to customer technical resources to enable them to manage, support, and extend Glean in their environment
Align technical plans with customers and Glean Customer Success to ensure priorities between Glean and the customer are fully aligned and executed against
Assist with issue identification, troubleshooting, and remediation for your assigned customers through resolution
Work with Product Management and Engineering to drive improvements to the product helping customers expand their adoption of Glean
Be an active member of the Glean customer technical community

Your core attributes include:

Clear Communicator: professional presentation and interaction skills with both customers and internal teams
Analytical: taking multiple inputs and approaches to issues to ensure the troubleshooting and resolution path is optimal
Drive: ability to engage in and handle multiple issues of different priorities gracefully
Detail-oriented: highly organized and methodical, ensuring all issues are managed to completion

Key knowledge and skills required:
Technical skills:

Software development experience in at least two of the following: Python, Java, Go
API and custom data integration experience in a Hybrid or SaaS environment
Technical debugging: log analysis, code analysis, end-to-end transaction tracing
Networking expertise: a deep understanding of networking, including cloud and on-premise networking
Experience in at least two of the following disciplines: Software Engineering, Pre-Sales Engineering, Post-Sales Engineering, Professional Services, Support Engineering
Hands-on experience with Cloud technologies in at least one of the following: Google Cloud Platform (GCP), Amazon Web Services (AWS), or Microsoft Azure
Security  audit experience: able to fully understand the technical and audit framework of the product and represent it with customer security  audit stakeholders

Interpersonal skills:

Communication: professional presentation and interaction skills with both customers and internal teams
Project planning: plan and execute the implementation of customer projects
Self-motivated: a proactive approach to delivering service to customers
Detail-oriented: highly organized and methodical, ensuring all issues are managed to completion
Data-driven: utilize metrics and objective measurements to assess success and improvement opportunities for customers
Pre or Post-sales Solution Architect experience in a product-led company is a huge plus

Education:


Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent with at least three years of industry experience or Masters in Computer Science or equivalent with at least 1 year of industry experience.


We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.