

About Glean

Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.
 

Role
 
Glean is looking for engineers with strong analytical skills to build and grow various aspects of our search stack including search ranking models, query parsingunderstanding, document understanding, query suggestionsautocomplete, synonyms mining, spell correction, natural language question answering, search engine evaluation methodologies, search experimentation framework. In the context of a workplace search engine, each of these areas present unique opportunities and challenges. This work requires deeply understanding the needs and pain points of users and building, evaluating, and launching innovative solutions leveraging latest MLNLPIR techniques.
 
What you will do and achieve:



Build and grow various features of our search stack like search ranking models, query parsingunderstanding, natural language question answering, etc.
Deeply understand search usage and user needs and identify gaps in the search stack
Design, experiment with, and iterate on MLNLPIR solutions to address gaps in the search stack
Design and evolve experimentation framework to help evaluate improvements the search stack
Write robust code thats easy to read, maintain and test
Mentor more junior engineers or learn from battle-tested ones

Who you are:



BABS in computer science, or related degree
2 years of experience
Strong analytical skills and ability to work with data
Experience working in fields like recommendation systems, natural language processing, applied machine learning, large scale production searchranking system or other related systems

Key knowledge and skills:



Thrive in a customer-focused, tight-knit and cross-functional environment - being a team player and willing to take on whatever is most impactful for the company is a must
A proactive and positive attitude to lead, learn, troubleshoot and take ownership of both small tasks and large features
Proven ability to design and build complex searchrankingrecommendation or other related systems
Strong coding skills (for example in GoPythonJavaC etc)

Benefits:

Competitive compensation
Healthcare
Flexible work environment and time-off policy
401k
Transparent culture
Learning and development opportunities
Company events
Free meals

For California based applicants: 
The standard base salary range for this position is 105,000 - 250,000 annually. Compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Certain roles may be eligible for variable compensation, equity, and benefits.
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
