 
About Glean
Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.
Job description
Glean is building a modern knowledge assistant personalised to every employee in your organisation, making all information within your company accessible, contextual, and fresh.
Our team works hard and plays hard. We are professional, creative, passionate, and most importantly - customer-obsessed.
We are looking for a Quality Assurance Engineer to assess the quality of our web application through manual testing. You will be responsible for finding and reporting bugs and glitches with the initial level of RCA. You should have a keen eye for detail and excellent communication skills.
 
Responsibilities:


Create, Execute and Maintain test plans thoroughly to qualify product releases and features
Do initial RCA on bugs found using developer tools - network and console tabs, GCP server logs, SQL analysis etc
Report bugs and errors using Jira with in depth details to help engineering team identify and fix the issue
Help reproduce bugs raised externally
Execute extendededge cases around the main use case to help evolve the test plans
Work with development team to keep Test plans upto date with new changes

Requirements:

Proven 4 years of experience as a Manual Tester testing responsive web pages
Experience in testing on different OS platforms and browsers
Experience in testing RBACpermission models a plus
Working experience with tools like Jira, Chrome Developer tools etc. to report and troubleshoot errors
Working knowledge of basics of web based applications
Strong organisational skills and thoroughness in executing test plans
Attention to detail and an analytical mind to come up with hard to find edge cases
Experience working in agile teams with multiple product releases per week
Excellent communication skills
Experience in testing mobile applications a plus
BEBTechBSc in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field

We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
