
About Glean
Were on a mission to make knowledge work faster and more humane. We believe that AI will fundamentally transform how people work. In the future, everyone will work in tandem with expert AI assistants who find knowledge, create and synthesize information, and execute work. These assistants will free people up to focus on the higher-level, creative aspects of their work.
Were building a system of intelligence for every company in the world. On the surface, you can think of it as Google  ChatGPT for the enterprise. Under the hood, our platform is the connective tissue between AI and knowledge. It brings all of a companys knowledge together, understands it at a deep level, provides industry-leading search relevance over it, and connects it to generative AI agents and applications.
Glean was founded by a seasoned team of former Google search and Facebook engineers who saw a need in the enterprise space for their technical depth and passion for AI. Were a diverse team of curious and creative people who want to help each other get big things done—so we can help other teams do the same. 
Were backed by some of the Valleys leading venture capitalists—including Sequoia, Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, and General Catalyst—and have assembled a world-class team with senior leadership experience at Google, Slack, Facebook, Dropbox, Rubrik, Uber, Intercom, Pinterest, Palantir, and others.
Additional highlights about Glean
With AI breakthroughs in Generative AI and LLMs in particular, Glean is perfectly poised to deliver disruptive value to our customers. Several Tier 1 VCs from the Silicon Valley (Kleiner Perkins, Lightspeed, General Catalyst, and Sequoia) share our vision and have invested 155M in Glean. Our valuation at Series C in May 2022 was 1B. 
Glean is looking for an energetic, creative, ambitious, and data-driven Head of Sales Development Leader to play a key role in setting up and scaling our East Coast Sales Development team. You will own the day-to-day responsibilities of building and leading a high-performing team of BDRs from the ground up. From recruiting, to coaching, to delivering on KPIs - you will have an opportunity to shape our Sales Development processes. 
What you will do and achieve

Ability to drive cross functional alignment and coordination across sales and marketing teams
Build a word-class Sales Development Organization. Recruit, train, and develop a global team of SDRs, BDRs, and Business Development managers across Palo Alto (HQ), Atlanta, and India
Plan, forecast, and understand ramp adjusted capacity to ensure the team is grown effectively, in tandem with the needs of our sales organization.
Consult with Gleans GTM leadership to build and execute on a strategic growth plan
Partner with regional managers to develop campaigns that align to their regional goals based on a territory plan.
Develop scalable sales systems and processes that drive predictive revenue growth
Continuously evaluate and optimize results, and make KPIdata-driven recommendations
Focus on the quality of opportunities without sacrificing quantity. The four core metrics this role should care about are the impact on the sales cycle, close rates, pipeline contribution and average deal size.
Effectively manage paths for career advancement within the sales development functions as well as to closing sales roles.
Enable the team with company standard sales methodologies and productindustry understanding
Partner with sales and marketing operations to ensure the BDR team has the best tools to do their job, and that they are configured to optimize BDR efficiency and productivity, especially salesforce.com, Outreach, and Orum
Work with the Marketing team to provide feedback on MQLs and campaigns
Ensure team members are adhering to Gleans values, driving diversity and inclusion practices 
Foster an amazing culture for the BDR team rooted in respect, honesty, and transparency

Who you are

Candidates are required to work in Atlanta, Georgia.
2 years leading multiple teams in different locations
5 years leading BDR teams andor programs
Multiple repeatable proof points of recruiting, hiring, developing, and retaining talent that make-up a high performing sales development organization
You find it second-nature working in a fast paced dynamic environment
You have carried a bag of pipeline of your own before and were able to get great results while in the seat yourself
Experience with funnel management across multiple channels(inbound, upsell, outbound, marketing)
High proficiency with Salesforce and other sales enablement tools
Proven data-driven results - you should know your results and brag about them!
A love for making an impact and supporting your teams professional and personal growth
A quick learner, self-starter, and an eagerness to handle the pressures of increasing levels of responsibility
Thrives in a fast-paced, do what it takes startup culture
A passion for customers and desire to build authentic relationships

Benefits:

Competitive compensation
Healthcare
Flexible work environment and time-off policy
401k
Transparent culture
Learning and development opportunities
Company events
Free meals

We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organization. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse company. We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
