About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
The Brand Marketing Services department embodies both marketing and sales competencies. We are a cross functional division that focuses on creating and demonstrating value that Glovo has to the Brands that can benefit from our marketing tools. Our main goal is to boost our Partners sales among the constantly growing Glovos user base. We focus on bringing incremental profits to the company via various brand campaigns we craft and sell to the Bands.We are looking for passionate, creative marketeers with a sales spirit or marketing-curious sales top dogs to join Glovo BMS division!  
Be a part of a team where you will:

Drive sales of Glovo Brand Marketing Services to the Brand Partners
Implement Glovo Brand Marketing Services strategy in Romanian market with the support of the Romanian Marketing Manager.
Fully understand your partners and make recommendations of marketing activities, data services, consumer insight analysis and sales boosters
Develop  execute Partner campaigns to perfection through multiple touch-points 
Coordinate across departments to execute best in class activities
Analyze and report impact of activations to brands and to Glovo business
Build success stories which helps roll-out the partnerships strategy across categories and countries
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

At least 2 years of Marketing or Sales experience at a leading Consumer Goods company or e-commerce business
Highly analytical and comfortable dealing with high growth and complex business challenges
Experience on executing integrated marketing campaigns or promotion plans across digital and non-digital channels
Experience in project management
A deep understanding of paid, owned and earned media channels, being comfortable tracking and reporting on established performance marketing KPIs
Strong skills in Office, especially in Excel
Excellent communication skills, both oral and verbal, in English and Romanian language
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Top-notch private health insurance


Meal tickets and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
