 THIS POSITION WILL BE BASED IN TBILISI, GEORGIA
About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
The Growth Marketing Manager leads growth and engagement initiatives for Glovos most important products. The team is data-driven and results-focused. The person will have a strong technical, analytical, and product background  with a hunger to make products grow. 
Role performance will be evaluated based on New Customer and Recurrent Customer KPIs as well as reaching profitability within a 6-month period. You may also be involved in other tasks requested by your manager due to business needs.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Define Glovo local Marketing strategy, adapting global playbook to local needs.
Define promotional, pricing and point of sale strategy.
Understand local media landscape and define the right mix of digitalnon-digital investment to maximize user base growth within the agreed CAC (Cost of Acquisition) targets. Own the Marketing budget and use it efficiently and wisely
Track and monitor key Growth and Content metrics providing the appropriate visibility to HQ, the General Manager and the Regional Marketing Director.
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products, identify growth opportunities, and execute on projects to drive growth and engagement.
Establishing meaningful business relationships on behalf of the business (Top partners, Media agency, Social Media agency, PR agency, etc).
Work together with Pricing, CRM, Performance Marketing, Brand  Comms teams in HQ to get the local message through.
Spread and enact the companys culture
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

Minimum un graduate level in Business y Master level is a plus
Min 3-4 years of experience in a leading FMCG company or in the E-commerce sector performing in a role of similar or larger responsibilities. 
Proven track record of delivering business growth, experienced defining investment strategy and executing integrated marketing campaigns across digital and non-digital channels
You are aligned with our company values and enact them both in your personal and professional life
Effective English written and communication skills
Highly analytical and comfortable dealing with high growth and complex business challenges
Strong consumer understanding skills
Have a deep understanding of paid, owned and earned media channels, being comfortable tracking and reporting on established performance marketing KPI

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefita


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
