About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
 

The way we manage our company is built on the belief that by giving a WOW service to our clients, we will be able to change the delivery market. How are we doing it? By paying attention to all the details. Glovo is a hyperlocal marketplace featuring the most trendy places in each city and delivering their products in less than 60 mins.
As a Junior Account Manager, you will be a key representative on the Glovo Account Management team, helping handle one of the top partnerships of the company. The person will be liaising with the most popular brands, stores, and restaurants in the city as well as growing revenues for their respective stores. 
BE A PART OF A TEAM WHERE YOU WILL:

Establish excellent relationships with Glovos partners through consistent and proactive communication, identifying their needs and building engagement (Partners meetings and business reviews).
Evaluate, follow up and build reports of your portfolio and KPIs periodically. Take actions to reach your goals and company OKRs.
Draw and execute plans, making your partners grow through promos negotiations, marketing activations and menu performance (selling items, AOV, Conversion Rate, cross-selling and upselling) . 
Ensure that Glovo has the best content by signing exclusivities with partners.
Optimize Glovo visibility through marketing actions with our partners (using marketing kits, merchandising, etc)
Improve Glovos revenue through commission renegotiation and selling assets. 
Understand, build action plans, and follow up on churned and inactive partners.
Improve operational efficiency of our partners by making sure we always deliver the best service to our customers.

YOU HAVE:

At least 1 year of experience in high-performance account management or Business Consultancy.
Currently pursuing a Bachelor in Business Administration, Marketing, Industrial Engineering or Public Relations is a plus. Preferably with experience in FMCG, food-hospitality or on-demand delivery industry.
Comfortable working in a high growth and high-performance start-up with a fast pace. 
Computer literate; good knowledge of Google Docs and MS Office, Excel
Excellent Local Language and English skills.
Strong Commercial skills.
Good communication and interpersonal skills
Project management skills, highly organized and detail-oriented.
Problem solver, data-driven with an analytical approach

MAIN KPIs:

Partner growth GMV and Orders
 Of orders in promo paid by partner
Achieve other revenues from selling assets  Monetization
Ops Kpis that affect Ux such as cancelations due to partner or Wrong or missing items
Active Partners.


Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
