About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:
The Q-Comm team is directly responsible for partnering with both smaller local stores and with bigger brands to display them on our Glovo platform.As a Glovo Sales Specialist, you will be responsible for creating a pipeline and signing up local stores while ensuring partner engagement and retention of existing portfolio by finding ways to boost the number of orders, generate additional revenue and facilitate smooth partner operations.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Seal partnerships with the best accounts, always aligned with the company goals
As the owner of Glovos revenue, youll make sure that all deals follow the required profitability of your country
Build long term partnerships and ensure a fast and smooth onboarding
Keep your pipeline updated on a daily basis
Establish excellent relationships with Glovos partners through consistent and proactive communication, identifying their needs and building engagement (Partners recurrent meetings and business review presentations).
Evaluate, follow up and build reports of your portfolio and KPIs periodically. Take actions to reach your goals and company OKRs.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

Native in Romanian and fluency in English is a must
Minimum 1 year of experience in Sales  key contacts in the industry is a plus
For you never is enough, you have to hunt like a hungry wolf
Impossible is not Glovo, you make everything happen
Overachieving targets is a must
You are a methodological fast learner who is familiar with CRM tools (Salesforce, Dynamics, etc)
Experience in a start-up environment is a plus
Bachelor of Business Administration, Marketing or Public Relations is a plus
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly meal tickets and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)

Mental well-being platform: iFeel

What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com

 