About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
Glovo is looking for a passionate, proactive, data-driven and hands-on professional to support our Strategy Operations department in our headquarters in Barcelona. You will act and operate as a startup within a startup, providing both strategic thinking and analytical skills to help building excellence in operations in Glovos Groceries vertical.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Lead projects to improvedevelop On-Demand  Services vertical, in a proactive and autonomous way. We understand the position as in between a Project Manager and a Data Analyst: Autonomy to extract data, analyze it, raise projects and manage them to make them happen. More specifically:
Understand Partner experience in  On-Demand business, identify main pain points  help with smooth product launches.
Perform analysis to come up with insights and strategic initiatives to solve the key challenges that partners are facing.
Own KPIs related to On-Demand operations, to provide an excellent user experience, such as delivery times, cancellations, user ratings, etc. Main goal is to improve this KPIs in order to increase user NPS
Define reasonably ambitious goals, globally and per country, to motivate teams to improve their KPIs
Coordinate as well with other UX Project managers to align projects
Give life to your craziest, most innovative ideas and have an immediate impact on business.
Be a part of Innovation team in Georgia and help grow new business verticals with out of box thinking and quick execution.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

Bachelor in Business or similar
Consulting experience is a plus
Experience in LogisticsShipment company is a plus
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills
Strong strategic vision and business mindset
Comfortable working in a high growth and high performance start-up with a fast pace
Excel proficiency
Professional English
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
