ABOUT GLOVO:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 
BE A PART OF A TEAM WHERE YOU WILL:

Work closely with product managers, business operations, data engineering and development teams to guide product in problem discoveries, monitor and give visibility of product metrics and KPIs.
Translate product and business questions into analysis and actionable insights.
Develop and maintain scalable and self-service visualization tools and storytelling dashboards.
Own end-to-end everything analytics related to Fintech products development cycle, from data requirement gathering and opportunity sizing, to experimentation and post-launch impact analyses.
Build robust relationships with stakeholders acting as a strategic and supportive link between the technology, business, and product.
Apply various advanced mathematical and statistical modeling techniques and analyses (AB test, multivariate test, clustering, supervised learning, etc) to solve for product and business problems that drive the highest impact.

YOU HAVE:

2-5 years of professional experience outside of an academic and internship setting, in a quantitative analysis role, preferably in product facing teams
Knowledge or experience in digital product development
Experience with the application of statistical modeling and advanced analytics to provide product-shaping insights
Good understanding of software development and agile methodologies
Excellent SQL skills
Solid proficiency in statistical programming (Python) and experience working with popular tools such as Pandas, SciPy, JupyteriPython notebooks
Demonstrated experience in designing and analyzing experiments in digital products (AB test, multivariate, etc)
Knowledge of visualization tools like Tableau and Looker
Excellent spoken and written English
Interest and experience in Fintech domains like payments and invoicing

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
 
EXPERIENCE OUR GLOVO LIFE BENEFITS:

Competitive Pay and Enticing Equity plan 
Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products 
Zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders! 
Discounted gym memberships 
Flexible time off (take the time you need) 
Flexible working model - Combining 32 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support
External learning opportunities 
Office fun activities from drinks to cinema nights!


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!
Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. 
For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
