About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:
As Content Lead in Q-commerce  you will be responsible for delivering a best-in-class user experience for our customers. Leading the implementation of the right assortment, categorization, content, promotions and overall assuring the best UX for the customer. 
Be a part of a team where you will:
Team:


Lead a team responsible for all the category management processes: assortment review, Add to cart, UX, activation and results analysis, pricing analysis and promotool. 


Coordinate and follow up team tasks and scope on a weekly basis.


Weekly team meetings (one on ones) with direct reports to discuss opportunities, feedback and other topics related or not related with work. 


Responsible of onboarding new team members  assure day-to-day supporttraining


Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


Stakeholders management:


Align with the Global team on Content guidelines  store structure and maintain a strong communication. 


Weekly communication with the Brand Ads team to implement pre-agreed projects: events, collections, banners, virtual stores. 


Daily communication and alignment with the MFC Micro Fulfillment Center (Buying  Instock ) teams to oversee product implementation, category tree and products front end movement. 


Participating in weekly business review with local or HQ team having data  information input of the business


Key Performance Indicators:


Responsible for Catman Performance Masterplan content related KPIs results: ATC, Packs penetration, Search analysis 


Curate and categorize products in-app to create an intuitive and user-friendly shopping experience increasing the ATC rate and optimize the CVR;


Analyze category performance metrics, sales data, and user behavior to identify areas for improvement and growth;


ATC ( Add to cart ) owner of working files and follow up results: work with content team to impact actions, give visibility to buyers and commercial team on slow performing collections, take decision into merging or deleting super-collections, collections, sections.


Business Plan accountability and KPIs monetization.


Identify opportunities to improve KPIs and impact numbers on a weekly basis 


Processes:


Creation and tracking of incidents filedashboard in order to support MFCs on their day-to-day business. 


Owner of Quality Check calendar; collectionsupercollection  sections review quality, based on a clear calendar share within the team and stakeholders


Owner of content related part of Category Reviews process, working closely with the MFCs teams  HQ performance teams


Ensuring the flow of implementation and creation of new products, new suppliers and the settings of vendor conditions  in the management systems.


Ensuring correctness in the implementation of purchase prices, sales prices, VAT rates, packaging as well as other product details


Coordinating implementation of promotions and their categorization at store level  category level, depending on the specifics of the products.


Owner of main projects that could appear with direct impact on content performanceATC performance  business overall. 


Post implementation follow up in order to assure quality and enforce global guidelines. 


You have:


Knowledge of Microsoft Office pack  Spreadsheets 


Ability to learn and understand various photo editing software


At least level B2 proficiency in English written  spoken


Attention to detail and creativity 


Ability to analyze things like industry trends or key performance indicators 


An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly meal tickets and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
