About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

 
Be a part of a team where you will:


Understand Ivory Coasts operational challenges in order to adapt the strategy and maximize the results
Be responsible for Operational Excellence levers, including courier profitability and incentives management, supply and demand balance, delivery times optimization, courier positioning, and zoning, implementing logistics features on a regional level, and many more from a data perspective: providing deep analytics, creating dashboards, bots, simulations, data models
Propose (be an enthusiast), track and consolidate new ideas to improve the operations by being obsessed with Glovos KPIs
Create postmortem documents to analyze the results of each project and be able to replicate them for future projects  with rest of the countries
Use your data visualization skills, in order to support delivered messages in the most efficient way.
Have a blank page for you to create! We dont stick to a single playbook, and we expect you to build your own as the business and market evolves
Report directly to the Head of Operations
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference
Contribute towards the continuous improvement of the Glover lifecycle through out-of-the-box thinking especially in key events management, where the demand is way higher than the supply 
Coordinate forecasts at a city level  improve it in consister manner by being in contact with Ops Managers, Growth and Marketing and Sales.

You have:


Bachelor Degree in Engineering, MathematicsStatistics
Passion about analytics: you enjoy deep diving into problems to find the root cause
Problem-solving skills: no problem is too small or too big
ExcelGoogle Sheets proficiency is a must
SQL proficiency is a must 
Python knowledge (basic-intermediate level)
Knowledge of visualisation tools like Tableau, Looker andor Qlikview
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills (fluent in English is a must)
Proactive approach, great organisation skills and obsession with details
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
