Technical Product Manager - Machine Learning Platform
About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:
Glovo is a global on-demand delivery player that is making everything in a city accessible to anyone. We are expanding at a significant rate as we now operate in 160 cities globally with new launches happening frequently. To support this growth, we are also expanding our engineering team significantly and building an engineering platform and tools that will keep our systems highly available, developers productive and produce a product of high quality. Our platform team which is responsible for this is seeking a technical product manager to help drive forward the priorities for the team and act as the interface between product engineering and platform engineering ensuring that the team is focusing on the right challenges and delivering on its commitments.
As the Technical Product Manager for the Machine Learning Platform,  you will work closely with the engineering team to drive forward key priorities across areas such as infrastructure, observability, automated testing and developer tooling. We are still in the beginning of the machine learning journey at Glovo and you will drive the roadmap of the platform. You will be a key player of the team and represent the platform to our internal customers, the product tech teams, to ensure they have the tools to deliver high quality models efficiently while our platform is rock solid and performant.
Be a part of a team where you will:


Drive prioritization processes for the machine learning platform team and ensure key projects are delivered on-time.


Ensure the machine learning platform team is solving the most important problems for the end-users


Nurture experimenting and iterating fast with the team to validate new product ideas


Help with regular planning sessions and define scope of stories and tasks that the platform teams will work on iteratively and long term


Own and be responsible for the machine learning platform roadmap


Lead and motivate your teammates to build amazing products


You have:


3 years of product experience in machine learning industry


Software engineering background is highly desirable


Good understanding and experience in platform-specific areas such as cloud services, integration, infrastructure as code, automated testing and observability


Great communication and presentation skills. Can turn complex problems into clear technical requirements and project plans


Demonstrated track record of taking large, complex technical projects and delivering them on-time


Good understanding of software design and architecture;


Outstanding analytical and data driven decision-making skills;


Practical experience with Agile methodologies and ceremonies


Excellent spoken and written English


Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Competitive Pay and Enticing Equity plan 


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products 


Zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders! 


Discounted gym memberships 


Flexible time off (take the time you need) 


Flexible working model - Combining 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support


Wellbeing via free online therapy and emotional support solutions 


External learning opportunities 


Office fun activities from drinks to cinema nights! 


WHAT YOULL FIND WHEN WORKING AT GLOVO:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


 
If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
At Glovo we believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!
Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com