
About Glovo:Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 

Your work-life opportunity:
Glovo is looking for an Operations Manager to join the Spanish team in Seville. You will need to have a data-sensitive approach to identify, manage and track key performance indicators. We are looking for a person with a positive attitude, lots of gas, creativity to think out of the box, and passion for the work you will develop. Are you passionate, proactive, data-driven and hands-on? Do you want to evolve into one of the fastest growing Start-ups of Barcelona, building a product that will change peoples day-to- day and disrupt the on-demand market?
Be a part of a team where you will:

Lead a team of Ops Specialists, guiding them and helping them both to achieve their goals and to develop their skills.
Lead by example by being incredibly truth seeking, making data-driven decisions, and setting the high standards for the team
Establish the monthlyquarterly goals of your cities and be responsible for their Operational metrics, continuously monitoring their achievement
Be able to perform any required analysis and provide actionable ideas to improve indicators and solve any possible problems in the cities of your region.
Track the impact of all the new implementations that you propose by checking the daily metrics of the cities
Provide the appropriate visibility to all stakeholders
Build, maintain and scale detailed reporting models aiming to support your cities performance and make data driven decisions
Define, implement and monitor procedures together with local teams to improve the performance of any individual city
Be an active part of the onboarding process of new riders, including commercial speeches.
Support Commercial team on operational issues, identifying areas for improvement and possible actions, always with a didactic and positive attitude.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You Have

2-5(max) years of experience in highly demanding positions (operations, logistics, technology, consulting, investment banking, etc.).
Hands-on attitude and willingness to challengeimprove the status quo
Passionate about analytics
Problem-solving skills: no problem is too small or too big 
ExcelGoogle sheets proficiency
Proficient in Spanish and English is a must
Experience in SQL is a plus

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!

Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Enticing equity plan (if applicable)
Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Discounted gym memberships
Flexible time off, 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit






What youll find when working at Glovo:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com





