ABOUT GLOVO:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 
BE A PART OF A TEAM WHERE YOU WILL:

Work closely with our media director and his team to develop a measurement framework for awareness media such a TV and Out of home advertisement. 
Be the contact point for our local analysts when it comes to media measurement approaches.
Coordinate with our measurement team in order to create a holistic testing plan. 
Apply various advanced mathematical and statistical modeling techniques and analyses (AB test, causal inference techniques , clustering, supervised learning, etc) to solve for product and business problems that drive the highest impact.
Translate product questions and hypotheses into analysis and actionable insights.
Develop and maintain scalable and self-service visualization tools and storytelling dashboards.
Owning everything analytics end to end in the product development cycle, from ideation and opportunity sizing to experimentation and post-launch impact analyses.
Collaborate with data science projects development through exploration analysis, proof of concepts ML models and experimentation.

 
YOU HAVE:

1-3 years of professional experience outside of an academic and internship setting, in a quantitative analysis role, preferably in product facing teams
Knowledge or experience in digital product development
Experience with the application of statistical modeling and advanced analytics to provide product-shaping insights
Good understanding of software development and agile methodologies
Excellent SQL skills
Solid proficiency in statistical programming (PythonR) and experience working with popular tools such as Pandas, SciPy, Seaborn, JupyteriPython notebooks, R Markdown
Demonstrated experience in designing and analyzing experiments in digital products (AB test, multivariate, etc)
Knowledge of visualization tools like Tableau, Looker, Qlikview
Excellent spoken and written English

Nice to have:

Proven track record of applying causal inference techniques to measure real world problems.
Experience in measuring the short and long term impact of awareness media.
Having worked in a marketing environment and being familiar with the its unique characteristics

 
We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
EXPERIENCE OUR GLOVO LIFE BENEFITS:

Competitive Pay and Enticing Equity plan 
Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products 
Zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders! 
Discounted gym memberships 
Flexible time off (take the time you need) 
Flexible working model - Combining 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support
Wellbeing via free online therapy and emotional support solutions 
External learning opportunities 
Office fun activities from drinks to cinema nights! 

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 