About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:

Join our International Strategy team as International Strategy Associate Jr, and become part of a small, high-performing team with a diverse range of backgrounds such as ex-consultants, data and finance specialists.
As part of the International Strategy team, you will play a key role in shaping Glovos international strategy as well as working on critical strategic projects across the countries. Expect the work to be challenging, varied, and analytical.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Lead and execute cross functional projects of all types, including areas such as growth, revenue, profitability, headcount planning, MA, product  tech, among others.
Analyze business performance and measure KPIs of different business areas, such as operations, sales, marketing, business development and finance. Identify issues and potential improvement opportunities, and give strategic recommendations.
Support our general managers and functional heads in analyzing their countries or areas, developing their strategies, testing solutions, and implementing key changes at regional or local level.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference within the organization.

You have:

Bachelor degree in Engineering, Business Administration, or Economics.
2-3 years experience in top-tier management consulting firms or fast-growing global tech companies.
Ability to work with data, find patterns, draw meaningful conclusions and sound judgment.
Ability to clearly define a problem, identifying its root cause, prioritizing and selecting potential solutions, and successfully implementing them.
Excellent oral and written communication skills, and high standards of document creation and data visualization.
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to influence stakeholders in order to help achieve your goals.
Proficient in English.
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude.

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
 
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

An attractive equity plan (if applicable)
Private health insurance with Cigna
Free deliveries  70 monthly credit (for restaurants) in your GlovoApp 
Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model
Volunteer during your working hours
Cobee: Flexible compensation plan
Gympass: Gym partnership

What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you! Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook! Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com