 

If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride.
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone.
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together.
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique?
 Our culture and strong values.

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do!
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift!
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way. We also celebrate the wins (a lot!).
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work.

Our career development philosophy.

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential.
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams!
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope.

Our commitment to being a force for good.

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact.
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives.
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.


YOUR MISSION:

In the context of giving users easy access to anything in their city, Q-commerce is the business unit that covers 3 verticals: Groceries, Retail and Micro Fulfillment Centers (our own fulfillment channel). We aim to provide immediacy to all product needs that a user might have, from delivering a video game, to sending a gift... to filling up their fridge.The way we want to grow is making everything in cities immediately accessible!!! To reach this goal we need a 360, analytical and results driven person to lead the groceries business in a startup where the time to market is a crucial factor. You will act and operate as a startup within a startup, so you must be a builder. Responsible for Growth (user and orders penetration)  NPS (user satisfaction with Groceries Partner AND Partners satisfaction)  Profitability for Groceries category

 
THE JOURNEY:


Be owner of groceries PL 
Manage groceries local team 
Develop partners business model
Work with a cross-functional team (marketing, operations, procurement) to achieve quick and flawless execution
Lead project implementation analysis and translate it into actionable tasks to ensure continuous improvement 
Give visibility to main stakeholders of the project status and follow up on next steps


What You Will Bring To The Ride:


Minimum 5 years of experience in retail. 
Experience managing and inspiring people
360 role
Analytical mindset 
Problem solver, results-driven, creative thinking with perfect written and spoken communication
Build from scratch
Interest in start-ups, technology, and a fast-paced environment
Proactive, organized, and obsessed with details
Out of the box thinking
Also, our core values are very important to us:



 
We Believe Driven Talent Deserves:


 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.


Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard.
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life?Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 
 