About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:











The Retail category is the fastest growing category in Glovo Ukraine. You will have an opportunity to develop new sub-verticals, tackle interesting challenges, and take the lead in ensuring the triumph of our retail partners. If youre ready to guide a team of dedicated professionals and make a significant impact in the retail sector, we encourage you to apply.












 

Be a part of a team where you will:

Be an owner of retail PL
Manage retail local team and partners
Work with a cross-functional team (marketing, operations, procurement, finance) to achieve quick and flawless execution
Lead project implementation analysis and translate it into actionable tasks to ensure continuous improvement
Give visibility using analytical reports to the main stakeholders of the project status and follow up on next steps

You have:

3 years of experience in retail or groceries vendor management
Analytical mindset - experience in data analytical tools
Experience managing and inspiring people
Interest in start-ups, technology, and a fast-paced environment
Problem solver, results-driven, creative thinking with perfect written and spoken communication
Proactive, organised, and obsessed with details
Out of the box thinking

Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan


Top-notch private health insurance

Gym membership compensation

Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com

 