About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:
Step up to the ambitious challenge of achieving less than 45 minutes delivery time in some of the worlds most complex cities. Glovo offers an exciting opportunity for a data-focused, analytical professional who obsesses over details and is always looking for how to improve the performance of our couriers, and restaurant partners. You will have access to unlimited data to facilitate creative decision-making and access to a world-class tech team that can turn your recommendations for the countrys operations into an efficient reality.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Analyse data obsessively to identify trends and build successful implementation strategies for our on-demand operations
Evaluate strategic opportunities, performing a broad range of quantitative and qualitative analyses.
Grow, develop, and make a difference while encouraging you to bring your unique perspective to the table
Contribute to stratospheric job creation and earnings for thousands of people
Collaborate together and learn from each other
Be the owner of the operational metrics for Romania.
Work closely with Regional OPS and the GM of Romania.
Manage Operations Specialists (team of 15 professionals). You will hire, train and mentor them.
Understand, deep-dive, have under control and improve the supply status to ensure we deliver operational excellence and great customer experience.
Implement, standardize and execute processes across all cities.
Contribute towards the continuous improvement of the global operations through out-of-the-box thinking.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

Strong analytical skills - you are always running pivot tables and looking for more data to drive decisions.
The ability to negotiate contracts with large organisations AND explain Glovos value proposition to couriers and micro and small enterprises
A can-do attitude about building a fleet of 10,000 couriers and optimising the performance of 2000 restaurants and stores
Endless curiosity - you wonder why problems exist, spend hours figuring out why, and cant stop thinking about solutions
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude
A passion to make a positive impact on the life of millions of people through technology
7 years of experience in high demanding positions (operations, consulting, investment banking, etc.). Experience in on-demand is a plus.
Experience managing high-performance teams
Strong organisational skills and delegation, ability to prioritise and multitask, work well under pressure, handle multiple issues simultaneously in a dynamic environment.
An openness to change (changes seeker).
Effective communication skills (both to the team and upstream).
Out of the box thinker and high level of self-initiative (proactive in finding new solutions to new issues).

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Enticing equity plan (if applicable)
Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit

What youll find when working at Glovo:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!

 