
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
 
THE JOURNEY


Implement and ensure compliance with labor regulations within the Company.


Be the main point of contact for People Team, and  or managers and external legal counsel in topics related to Employment Law.


Draft operating rules, contract proposals, and counter-proposals for labor negotiations with employees, management leaders, and other collective bargaining parties.


Interpret legal contracts and collective bargaining agreements (CBAs) to ensure compliance with contract provisions, wage laws, and standard regulations.


Provide guidance to the business and people partners in terms of disciplinary sanction policies.


Provide technical assistance and guidance on labor inspection topics.


Address work grievances. Work to resolve conflicts and communication difficulties. Handle collective bargaining and negotiate to prevent legal action and address worker complaints.


Advise the People department on any doubts or problems that arise in people matters, after analyzing the tools at your disposal (regulations, agreement, disciplinary regime, etc.) and prepare the reports that are necessary, propose alternatives that respond to the needs and, where appropriate, execute the chosen solution.


Implement training for Managers and People Department, and identify specific training and development needs to improve performance and operation.


Responsible for the correct implementation of hiring, disciplinary procedures, dismissals and compensation.


Develop and implement the disciplinary process in investigations, recommendations and corrective actions.


Establishes relations with Workers Representatives and Works Committees.


Responsible for the correct implementation of previously validated disciplinary and dismissal processes.


Translating business strategy into People strategy.


Manage and develop continuous improvements to programmes, measures and controls in accordance with regulatory changes and industry requirements.


Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE


Bachelors degree or higher in Labor Law.


Knowledge of labor regulations and legislation, payment and control of payroll and labor relations.


Experience of at least 67 years in a similar position or function is essential.


Experience in representation of Company Committees and negotiation of collective agreements.


Experience in managing labor relations in companies with different groups and areas of application.


A business first attitude.


Experience in highly demanding environments and in a similar role for 3 years.


Excellent interpersonal communication skills at all levels.


Excellent negotiation and influencing skills.


Ability to adapt, execute 360 and coordinate with the team.


Fluency in English, perfect verbal and written communication. Spanish is a plus.


An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and we
