About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
Glovo is looking for team oriented, results driven and passionate individuals to join our Regional team in Poland as Territory Managers. The Regional team is deployed in all the top cities in Poland, leading our growth and working on delivering on our vision of giving everyone easy access to anything in every city in Poland.Territory Managers will be responsible for the growth and performance of our business in several cities in a particular area of Poland, contributing to Glovos market leadership. Reporting to the Area Manager and working with the area team and with other relevant central teams, Territory Managers will set the commercial strategy,, sign and grow strong partnerships with top local partners, and monitor and improve supply, growth and profitability KPIs.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Own Glovos business in a set of cities with a 360 perspective, looking after our customers, partners and couriers
Define winning sales, growth and operations strategies for your cities, and own its implementation, with the support of your Area manager, the area team and relevant central teams
Acquire and manage top local partnerships in your cities, with 12 direct reports
Own key performance metrics in your cities: growth, operations, profitability
Monitor and analyze all relevant KPIs to track progress towards defined targets and find ways to improve the service
Stay up to date with market and competitive developments
Generate best practices and processes which can be replicated across all areas
Lead by example in accordance to our values and set high standards for the team
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

You have 3 years of experience in consulting  business development  start-up  sales  account management or similar. Previous experience managing and developing small teams is a plus
A strong track record of excellent performance delivering challenging KPIs and  or projects
Business acumen, ability to grasp all the key drivers in a business PL and how to affect them
Highly polished communication skills - speaking, writing, presenting and negotiating. Ability to work with remote teams through clear and concise communication
You are a methodological fast learner who is familiar with CRM and productivity tools (Salesforce, Google suite, etc)
Be an owner mindset: committed to growing Glovo in your cities, and digging deep to solve bottlenecks. Youre solution-oriented and dont take no for an answer. 
Ability to balance swift pace of execution with attention to detail 
Superior analytical skills and willingness to roll up your sleeves to get it done
Excellent Polish and English, written and spoken
Based in Krakw. If not, youre willing to relocate or to spend a minimum of 3 daysweek at our office there andor in field visits to your citiesAn empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
Glovo is looking for team oriented, results driven and passionate individuals to join our Regional team in Poland as Territory Managers. The Regional team is deployed in all the top cities in Poland, leading our growth and working on delivering on our vision of giving everyone easy access to anything in every city in Poland.Territory Managers will be responsible for the growth and performance of our business in several cities in a particular area of Poland, contributing to Glovos market leadership. Reporting to the Area Manager and working with the area team and with other relevant central teams, Territory Managers will set the commercial strategy,, sign and grow strong partnerships with top local partners, and monitor and improve supply, growth and profitability KPIs.
THE JOURNEY


Own Glovos business in a set of cities with a 360 perspective, looking after our customers, partners and couriers
Define winning sales, growth and operations strategies for your cities, and own its implementation, with the support of your Area manager, the area team and relevant central teams
Acquire and manage top local partnerships in your cities, with 12 direct reports
Own key performance metrics in your cities: growth, operations, profitability
Monitor and analyze all relevant KPIs to track progress towards defined targets and find ways to improve the service
Stay up to date with market and competitive developments
Generate best practices and processes which can be replicated across all areas
Lead by example in accordance to our values and set high standards for the team
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE


You have 3 years of experience in consulting  business development  start-up  sales  account management or similar. Previous experience managing and developing small teams is a plus
A strong track record of excellent performance delivering challenging KPIs and  or projects
Business acumen, ability to grasp all the key drivers in a business PL and how to affect them
Highly polished communication skills - speaking, writing, presenting and negotiating. Ability to work with remote teams through clear and concise communication
You are a methodological fast learner who is familiar with CRM and productivity tools (Salesforce, Google suite, etc)
Be an owner mindset: committed to growing Glovo in your cities, and digging deep to solve bottlenecks. Youre solution-oriented and dont take no for an answer. 
Ability to balance swift pace of execution with attention to detail 
Superior analytical skills and willingness to roll up your sleeves to get it done
Excellent Polish and English, written and spoken
Based in Krakw. If not, youre willing to relocate or to spend a minimum of 3 daysweek at our office there andor in field visits to your citiesAn empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!

