About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
Join us as a Glover Specialist and become a key member of Glovos local operations team! We offer a challenging and dynamic environment with many opportunities for learning and development. 
Be a part of a team where you will:

Be responsible for implementing processes and optimizing strategies involving the acquisition and retention of Glovers
Have a Data Sensitive approach, making sure that all the information is transferred to our database and reports
Be responsible for all documentation and contracts of Glovers in the city
Be there for the Glovers when they need support (30 of your time)
Take care of procurement, ensuring that all Glovers receive the work kit and are ready to spread the Glovo brand
Manage scheduling, attendance and general administration of Info-Sessions while supporting daily operations through operational supervision and analysis of KPIs
Maintenance and analysis of business reports and information to aid in the basic decision-making process of supply chain operational needs, including daily, weekly and monthly reports indicating full operational status concerning the flow
Analyze daily and weekly operation metrics with a macro view of the long-term success of the city
Optimize delivery times and Glover earnings
Develop analytical frameworks and models for your city and the region

You have:

Have previous experience in on-demand fleet management
Good communicator with ability and agility to solve problems
Being highly motivated to work for a fast-growing startup
Advanced Excel and Data Interpretation Skills
Analytical skills are a must
Have initiative, be proactive and autonomous - Glovo is also yours!
Have good energy and like what you do, even on bad days
University degree 
Fluent in English
Knowledge of SQL preferred

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
