About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
Were looking for someone to join our local Finance team. Youll be working with and alongside talented and passionate people bringing support and owning finance processes. We are looking for a highly accountable, flexible individual, who is technically excellent, works hard, can nurture productive working relationships, and is willing to be hands on and contribute to our team.
Be a part of a team where you will:



Give you the trust and support to grow, develop, and make a difference while encouraging you to bring your unique perspective to the table


Collaborate together and learn from each other


Support the accounts payable function and track priority items to be actioned by the Accounting team and Finance Lead


Assess invoicing reconciliations with Operations and Commercial teams


Createmaintain filings processes for accounting functions and vendor records


Perform data entry for accounts payablereceivable


Assist the Finance team with financial reporting to HQ


Support the implementation of the departments projects


Support the Companys decision-makers with any ad-hoc requests





Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


You have:



A passion to make a positive impact on the life of millions of people through technology


Bachelor or Master student


Office and G-Drive knowledge to work with Google Docs, Spreadsheets, etc. Excel advanced skills are a must.


Problem solver, data-driven with an analytical approach, proactive, autonomous, good vibes


The ability to summarise and present complex issues in a simple way


Obsessed with continuous improvements, delivering value and allergic to manual tasks


Ability to work at least 40h per week (8hday) during at least 6 months





An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!



 



Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


Discounted gym memberships


Paid internship


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
