If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
We are looking for a Government Relations Global intern to join our team in Barcelona as soon as possible. If you are an analytically-minded, highly-motivated problem solver with strong interpersonal skills — who loves the idea of working in a fast-paced start-up environment — then Glovo is the place for you! 
THE JOURNEY

Analyze policy developments at local and EU level to highlight their implications for Glovo.
Draft and support the deployment of national, regional and local policy plans and projects.
Help organize and join key meetings and contribute to office backup and team coordination for key projects.
Perform benchmark and policy research activities and coordinate with policy agencies.
Draft newsletters, internalexternal briefs, speaking points among other documents.
Find new opportunities for Glovo to engage and collaborate with relevant stakeholders, in line with policy discussions.

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

Currently studying a degree or recently graduated.
Availability for 6 months full-time internship.
Excellent communication skills in English, Fluent in Spanish is a must.
Efficiency, flexibility and proactiveness.
Versatility: we are looking for somebody who can provide support to the whole team.
Ability to understand the business and its challenges.
Ability to adapt to a changing and dynamic environment.
Rigorous in organization and planning.
Social abilities and team-worker.
Ability to develop in a multicultural environment.
Design and Wordpress management skills are a plus.
Our core values are very important to us:




Gas: Fear mediocrity over mistakes. Think big, work hard, be proactive, take smart leaps and lead the way.
Good vibes: Build a team of people that radiates positive energy. No assholes allowed: Always be upfront, honest and kind. The road we chose is very bumpy. Stay optimistic no matter what.
Care: Dont settle for growth alone. Build a sustainable Glovo that benefits everyone. Consider how every decision makes for the most positive impact possible in the long-term.
Stay Humble: Always act humble: Everybody has to roll up their sleeves and get their hands dirty to make our big plans a reality. We invest smartly and keep a close eye on our costs.
Glownership: Act as one company—one team: Pro-Glovo, not pro-department. Think beyond your role; help before youre asked. Learn Glovo A to Z. Figure stuff out on your own. Make sure your shit works!



Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days), the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 