About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:

Were looking for someone who has a mix of operational prowess to get great work done, the negotiation and collaboration skills needed to bring out the best from our partners, the strategic, innovative and creative thinking thats required to develop outside the box solutions, and the emotional intelligence and humility required to lead a fast-paced business and inspire a team of people across different countries.

Be a part of a team where you will:

Give you the trust and support to grow, develop, and make a difference while encouraging you to bring your unique perspective to the table
Collaborate together and learn from each other
Lead your team to greatness
Have full PL responsibility and own business objectives
Devise the long-term strategy for your country or region and leverage HQ resources towards your objectives
Establish and maintain partnerships with partners on our platform
Hire top talent, help them perform, grow and develop as professionals
Be informed, get involved and make things happen
Be the legal representative of Glovo and act accordingly
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

A passion to make a positive impact on the life of millions of people through technology
Youre persuasive in the most pleasant possible way and have no trouble selling anything
Youve got a good judgment but own up to your mistakes
Youre extremely curious and have a desire to acquire a deep understanding
You find smart and elegant solutions to complex, multi-disciplinary problems
Youre extremely agile and thrive in ambiguous environments
You are always respectful, kind and fair. Youve managed large or multiple teams and all of your (former) reports speak highly of you as a manager and leader
You have an ambition that makes some people think youre crazy while inspiring others

An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
 
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)

Volunteering during working hours

Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit

Friday after-hours fun
Dynamic and passionate environment 

What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
