About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Hispanic America and Africa. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
Our vision and ambition are not only to make everything immediately available in your city but it is also to offer our employees the job of their lives. A job where youll be challenged and have the most fun working in through tech-enabled experiences.
Your work-life opportunity:
The Customer cluster is responsible  for creating and maintaining the platform and the apps that give millions of customers around the world easy access to anything in their city. By joining one of the teams in the Customer cluster you will be able to see the direct impact of your work on our users, making a tangible difference in their daily lives. We work in a small, focused and autonomous product team, make data driven decisions, and ship the code to production instantly through our continuous delivery pipeline. We have full ownership over our systems, including infrastructure decisions, ensuring quality through automated tests, running AB tests and operating our services in production.
We face unique challenges that require creative and innovative solutions. Our architecture is complex, and we need talented engineers to help us evolve a reliable and scalable platform. As part of our team, you will have the opportunity to work on cutting-edge technology and tackle exciting architectural challenges.
Come be a part of our team!
Be a part of a team where you will:

Be a part of a cross-functional team working closely with backend and frontend engineers
Develop software using modern engineering approaches and agile principles
Make our technology and our team scale as the business grows
Own your deliverables from start to finish
Deliver high-quality solutions
Participate in the teams life and contribute to decision-making
Mentor and empower other developers around you

You have:

Computer Science or similar degree
4 years of relevant full-time experience
Strong Swift skills and working with XCode
Deep knowledge of iOS SDK
Understanding of reactive programming (ReactiveKit, ReactiveCocoa, UIKit etc)
Deep understanding of AutoLayout and ability to create UI from code
Extensive knowledge of object-oriented programming and software architecture
Ability to write good unit tests is a must
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Vivid interest in at least one area outside of coding (architecture, algorithms, optimization, automation, scalability, etc.)
Attention to details
Good English

Nice-to-haves:

Experience with Full stack technologies (JavaKotlin)
Participation in open source projects
Basic knowledge of DataDog, Crash reporting on iOS

Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Yearly equity package
Work-life balance: 2 daysweek of work from home and up to 3 weeksyear to work from anywhere, flexible schedule and non-tracking holidays
Attractive Relocation package
Comprehensive Private Health Insurance
Cobee discounts on kindergarten, transportation, and foodFree monthly Glovo credits to spend on our restaurant products (and zero Glovo delivery fee on all Glovo orders!)
Cool perks such as fresh fruit and healthy snacks every day, beers on Fridays, Culture Days every 2 months!
Discounted Gym memberships

What youll find when working at Glovo:

Gas: We work hard with energy and passion for what we do.
Care: We act in the best interest of a sustainable future.
Good vibes: We always see the positive side in every situation and act with fairness and honesty with everyone.
Stay Humble: We embrace mistakes and feedback to learn from them.
Glownership: We roll up our sleeves and get work done no matter our position and level.
High Bar: We set high standards in everything we do.

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
At Glovo we believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.
Want to take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!
Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. As of September 30, 2019, were currently present in more than 22 countries across Europe, Latin America, Africa, and Asia. 
For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:glovoapp.com  Twitter: Glovo_ES  Facebook: https:www.facebook.comglovoappES  LinkedIn: https:www.linkedin.comcompanyglovo-app
 