About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:

Glovo is looking for an Operations intern to work in our Spain team. Are you passionate, proactive, data-driven and hands-on? Do you want to evolve in one of the fastest growing Start-ups of Europe, building a product that will change peoples day-to-day and disrupt the on-demand market.

Be a part of a team where you will:

Analyze data generated by our core operations in order to improve our stakeholder experience (Couriers, Users and Partners);
Process standardization: Improve processes on behalf of Glovers through projects (when necessary)
KPIs tracking: Manage scheduling, attendance and general administration of Info-Sessions while  supporting daily operations through operational supervision and analysis of KPIs  Communicate effectively with the local Operations Manager on customer support  processes and operations
Work close with the other departments to monitor any structural process optimization;
Come up with data insights to help improve most important KPIs for the whole Country (e.g., Delivery time, Cancellations, efficiency, Cross departmental projects... );
Proactively spot inefficiencies, understand root causes and propose data driven actions;
Give life to your craziest ideas and have an immediate impact thinking out of the box!

You have:

Bachelor in Engineering, Maths or any technological domain
Passionate about analytics: you enjoy deep diving into problems to find the root cause
Problem-solving skills: no problem is too small or too big
Excel proficiency
Experience in SQL andor coding is a must
Professional English
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
