About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work life opportunity:
Glovo is building the future of cities by enabling anyone to get any product from any store delivered in minutes. Our goal is to provide an on-demand delivery infrastructure for every city in the world.At Glovo, we are looking for a Financial Controller to join the local Finance team in UKRAINE. 
Be a part of a team where you will:


Prepare and present monthly, quarterly and annual finance and accounting reports and analysis (PL and BS).


Be involved in management control: definition of procedures, the design of budget processes


Prepare analysis and justifications of real data, forecasts, and deviations


Reconciliation of management reports with financial reports


Contributing to the continuous improvement of the processes promoting solutions to possible problems detected, and reduce manual tasks


Attention to inquiries and claims from internal and external clients


Manage finance operations related to all contractors and stakeholders (partners, couriers, vendors)


Work with a cross-functional team (operations, marketing, finance, procurement, etc.) to ensure a profitable and flawless execution


Implement new procedures focused on standardization and optimization


Support in the implementation of software solution for Financial Close as well as Reporting, to execute the self service vision of the department


You have:


5 years of experience in Finance


Fluent in English


An ability to take any problem, deep dive, reveal route cause, draft improvement solutions and communicate to stakeholders


An ability to summarize and present complex plans to Management and key stakeholders


Obsessed with continuous improvements, delivering value and allergic to manual tasks!


G Suite expert (Sheets, Presentations), Office Suite expert (Excel)


SQL knowledge is a plus

Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference together!

Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


An attractive equity plan (if applicable)
Private health insurance with Ingo Ukraine
Free deliveries  1,440 UAH monthly credit (for restaurants) in your GlovoApp
Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model
Volunteer during your working hours


What youll find when working at Glovo:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance



Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
