About Glovo:

Glovo is a pioneering multicategory delivery app connecting users with businesses and couriers across 25 countries in Europe, Central Asia, and Africa.
Over the past years, we have grown from a start-up to a prominent global tech platform, offering on-demand services from local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, pharmacies and retail.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the challenges and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:

As a General Manager of Kazakhstan you will have the unique opportunity to build and scale our on-demand delivery platform.Were looking for someone who has a mix of operational excellence to get great work done, the negotiation and collaboration skills needed to bring out the best from our partners, the strategic, innovative and creative thinking thats required to develop outside the box solutions, and the emotional intelligence and humility required to lead a fast-paced business and inspire a team of around 60 people.

Be a part of a team where you will:


Have full PL responsibility and own business objectives.


Lead and develop a team of 60 individuals (10 direct reports).


Oversee directly multiple departments and areas of responsibility.


Hire top talent, help them perform, grow and develop as professionals.


Devise the long-term strategy for the country.


Analyze business and financial data to take key decisions for the country.


Establish and maintain relationships with CEOs of the top restaurant companies, retailers, CPG and financial institutions.


Establish and maintain relationships with regulators, unions and the government.


Get into details, deepdive and problem solve. You will make things happen together with your team.


Develop new business opportunities, anticipate issues and improve processes.


Be the legal representative of Glovo and act accordingly.


You have:


7yr experience in fast-paced environments (startups, e-cmmerce, FMCG, top consulting firms, top internet firms).


Experience leading 40 people cross functional team, have hired senior management and have been involved in re-organizations.


Led negotiations of multi-million contracts and youre comfortable of building relationships with C-level of other organisations.


Led PL with full ownership and multiple departments including operations, marketing and main core functions of a company


You are capable of inspiring teams, including senior management of 7yr of experience. You attract talent and are obsessed about high performance and raising the bar


Youre persuasive in the most pleasant possible way and have no trouble selling anything.


Youre an expert on managing stakeholders, working with peers and leveraging other teams aspiring to do whats best for the company.


Data-driven mentality: takes decision based on data and makes business judgment when necessary.


Youre an owner, you have a natural bias for action, always pushing for things to happen, objective and deadline oriented.


You ensure the highest standards for you and your team with the deliverables and business objectives.


You have an ambition and energy that makes some people think youre crazy while inspiring others.


You are always a step ahead, proactive with potential problemsopportunities and always thinking how to be better


You have fluency in Russian and English.


Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan 


Private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
