About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
Glovo is looking for a talented and ambitious Brand Ads Junior Associate to help us grow our Brands. Are you up for a challenging experience in one of the fastest growing startups in Europe?
Be a part of a team where you will:

Help FMCGCPG companies boost their sales with the support of all Glovo marketing services you may provide.
Build true long-term relationships with the CPG Brands you manage. Fully understand your partners and make recommendations of marketing activities, data services, consumer insight analysis and sales boosters.
Coordinate and execute all the marketing activations with these Brands through the different available channels (Restaurants, Supermarkets, Retail Stores) and across internal departments to execute best in class activities.
Gather all the insights from our marketing activities to create amazing reporting experience for our clients, tackle problems and to raise the bar.
Identify growth opportunities to increase Brands investment in a sustainable way.
Own your Brands assortment and work close to the category management team to negotiate vendor conditions and guarantee the correct implementation of each update. 
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

Full time availability. 3 days a week at the office, 2 optional remote. 
At least 2 years working experience. 
Bachelor in Engineering, Economics, Business Administration or Marketing, preferably.
Strong analytical skills and experience with reporting, driving data driven insights is a must. 
Great interpersonal and project management skills, problem solver and capability to adapt fast to unexpected situations
Comfortable working in a high-growth and high-performance start-up with a fast pace. Strong drive for continuous improvement. Creative and a self-starter. Proactivity is in your DNA.
Advanced skills in MS Office ExcelGoogle Sheet is a must
Excellent communication and presentation skills (oral and verbal) in English and Spanish is a must
Commercial mindset and experience in negotiation is a plus 

An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
