
About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 

Your work-life opportunity:
Q-Commerce is the second biggest category inside Glovo and we are currently building a strong Local team in order to re-invent how consumers buy their groceries and any other product in their city making it more convenient and easy than ever before.As Category Manager - Q-Commerce you will be responsible for delivering a best-in-class user experience for our customers and keep win-win relations with our suppliers. Leading the implementation of the right assortment, categorization, content and UX, pricing and promotion strategies.
 
Be a part of a team where you will:

Be responsible of offering an amazing shopping experience by categorizing  sorting the assortment based on user needs (guarantee products with right images, descriptions and location)
Leading assortment definition and optimization strategy
Dynamic pricing execution and analysis
Make partnerships and manage negotiation processes with partnerssuppliers.
Promotions management and cross-selling opportunities, working closer with brand activation team to implement campaigns
Develop, implement and track projects to guarantee strategy execution
Raising the bar with hero content
Engage with regional and local teams to implement strategies proposed by Global Teams

You have:

At least 1 year experience in Category Management, RetailGroceries sector or similar role
Knowledge of Portuguese Market and User habits and traditions
Strong analytical skills, willing to test and solve problems based on data
Great interpersonal skills
Project management skills, assuming from the beginning ownership of tasks
Comfortable working in a high growth and high performance start-up with a fast pace
Native Portuguese, Fluent in English. Spanish is a plus.


Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Discounted gym memberships
Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit

