About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
Glovo is looking for team oriented, results driven and passionate individuals to join our Regional team in Poland as Territory Managers. The Regional team is deployed in all the top cities in Poland, leading our growth and working on delivering on our vision of giving everyone easy access to anything in every city in Poland.Territory Managers will be responsible for the growth and performance of our business in several cities in a particular area of Poland, contributing to Glovos market leadership. Reporting to the Area Manager and working with the area team and with other relevant central teams, Territory Managers will set the commercial strategy,, sign and grow strong partnerships with top local partners, and monitor and improve supply, growth and profitability KPIs.  
Be a part of a team where you will:

Own Glovos business in a set of cities with a 360 perspective, looking after our customers, partners and couriers
Define winning sales, growth and operations strategies for your cities, and own its implementation, with the support of your Area manager, the area team and relevant central teams
Acquire and manage top local partnerships in your cities, with 12 direct reports
Own key performance metrics in your cities: growth, operations, profitability
Monitor and analyze all relevant KPIs to track progress towards defined targets and find ways to improve the service
Stay up to date with market and competitive developments
Generate best practices and processes which can be replicated across all areas
Lead by example in accordance to our values and set high standards for the team
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

You have 3 years of experience in consulting  business development  start-up  sales  account management or similar. Previous experience managing and developing small teams is a plus
A strong track record of excellent performance delivering challenging KPIs and  or projects
Business acumen, ability to grasp all the key drivers in a business PL and how to affect them
Highly polished communication skills - speaking, writing, presenting and negotiating. Ability to work with remote teams through clear and concise communication
You are a methodological fast learner who is familiar with CRM and productivity tools (Salesforce, Google suite, etc)
Be an owner mindset: committed to growing Glovo in your cities, and digging deep to solve bottlenecks. Youre solution-oriented and dont take no for an answer. 
Ability to balance swift pace of execution with attention to detail 
Superior analytical skills and willingness to roll up your sleeves to get it done
Excellent Polish and English, written and spoken
Based in Wrocaw . If not, youre willing to relocate or to spend a minimum of 3 daysweek at our office there andor in field visits to your cities
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
