About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 

Your work-life opportunity:
In Glovo, we want to change the way consumers buy groceries, and we believe that if we want to revolutionize the industry, we need to deliver a WOW experience to our clients. To reach this WOW effect you will be managing and coordinating our different darkstores within your city. Your goal will be to quickly adapt the operation of each dark store, co-managing the assortment and pricing and to be a hero leader to your team.
Be a part of a team where you will:


Build strong partnerships with category management and operations teams to drive toward common goals.


Manage inventory availability and inventory health, improving in-stock rates and inventory planning for a region.


Coordinate with Sales and Marketing to discuss planned product promotions in order to produce more accurate forecasts.


Drive process improvement and operational excellence within our local suppliers by reducing costs, defects, and lead times, while increasing innovation, automation, and economies of scale


Partner with internal teams to help drive tools and process improvements that affect supplier operational excellence.


Work together with the Global Instock team to optimize key system inputs to achieve highly automated inventory management.


Coordinate the product inventory strategies with the local team (high runners, new products, substitutions, end life)


Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


You have:


Bachelors degree in Business, Engineering or a Supply ChainOperations discipline.


3 to 5 years of experience in the industry and deep understanding of Supply Chain.


Must possess excellent business judgment, strong written and oral communication skills, and a practical, common sense approach to getting things done.

English is a must.

Ability to analyze and use critical thinking skills on a regular basis is key


Proficiency in Google Applications.


An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Nice-to-haves:

SQL knowledge

Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Enticing equity plan (if applicable)
Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit
External learning budget

What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
