About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:


As a Sales Executive at Glovo you will be a key representative of our companys sales team, responsible for creating a pipeline and signing up local stores and corporate customers around the city.
The Commercial team is directly responsible for partnering with both smaller local stores and with bigger brands to display them on our Glovo platform. You will work with the support of a sales team and a local Head of Sales.

Be a part of a team where you will:


Seal partnerships with the best accounts, always aligned with the company goals
As owner of Glovos revenue, youll make sure that all deals follow the required profitability of your country
Build long term partnerships and ensure a fast and smooth onboarding
Keep your pipeline updated on a daily basis
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


You have:


Minimum 1-2 years of experience in B2B Sales  key contacts in the industry is a plus
Full professional level in the local language of the country and fluency in English is a must
For you never is enough, you have to hunt like a hungry wolf
Overachieving targets is a must
You dont redempt, you have to hunt like a hungry wolf
Impossible is not Glovo, you make everything happen
You are a methodological fast learner who is familiar with CRM tools (Salesforce, Dynamics, etc)
Experience in start-up environment is a plus
Bachelor of Business Administration, Marketing or Public Relations is a plus
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!

Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
