About Glovo:
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together.
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
As Head of Brands Ads for the SEE Region, you will be part of the Glovos Brands Ads team, that is a cross functional division that focuses on providing a series of advertising assets that CPG Brands can invest to increase awareness, consideration, conversion and loyalty. You will support via dotted line management the Brands Ads Leads from the following countries: Romania, Republic of Serbia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Montenegro, Bosnia, Slovenia and Republic of Moldova.Our priority will be to work backwards from the customer, identifying inputs to grow all brands and improve their performance. You will supervise and support each country while facilitating great business relationships and ensuring brands satisfaction with the service.
THE JOURNEY

Creating best practices for all our markets and sharing them with the entire regional team
Keeping up to date asset playbooks for each market, including pricing
Assisting the teams in complex Joint Business Plan negotiations with the brands
Traveling on a monthly basis to the markets in order to keep in touch with the local teams as well as with the specific market situations
Offering support to the local team in developing business plans per quarter together with the local GMs and Brands Ads teams
Constantly monitoring the business plan of the Brands Ads department in each country as well as investigating gaps or preparing action plans should any variations occur
Having biweekly 1:1 meetings with the Brands Ads lead in each country, as well as weekly regional calls with the whole dotted line team
Working together with your teams to ensure their growth and development on both professional and personal levels

You will be supervising a team whose scope is to: 

Build up and grow partnerships with key strategic partners within banking, financial institutions, telcos, FMCG and retail industries.
Lead the research, identification, prioritization and execution of new partnership opportunities in order to achieve increased brand awareness, new customers as well as revenue for both Glovo and the partner brand
Partner internally with key functions (Groceries, Food, BI, CRM) to contribute to the definition of priorities and operational goals according to the brands needs.
Define joint business plans and assist in delivering impact for the brands you support.
Regularly audit metrics to continually analyze the progress and make sure targets are reached and new opportunities are identified across verticals  countries.
Contribute to continuous enhancement and innovation.
Business Advice: Providing business advice based on deep analysis and reporting, to identify areas of opportunities
Selection: Helping grow the selection of products by managing the launch of new products and improving product assortment
Marketing campaigns: Work on initiatives and assets to generate traffic by supporting the development, execution of marketing campaigns inside Glovo.
Review and analyze performance of partnerships after each campaign and advise opportunities for improvements  further developments.

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

BachelorsMasters degree in management, business administration, engineering, marketing
6 years of professional experience in the field
Strong analytical skills
Planning, prioritization and time-management skills
Ability to sale at scale and communicate efficiently both internally and externally
Excellent written and spoken English
Ability to learn new systems and tools quickly
Tenacity to develop ideas independently and thrive in a fast-paced start-up environment
Familiarity with the marketing mix is required - i.e how and when to leverage different marketing channels for strategic partnerships.
Excellent knowledge of the market, CPGFMCG Brands and their products and deep understanding of consumer insights.

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!

Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com