About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
In this role you will be part of the Commercial Team at Glovo, working closely with the Head of Commercial and Account management of your country and region. You will be directly responsible for impacting all partners to make them grow and improve UX.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Lead and build a high performance account management team
Train and motivate the Account Management team
Assure your team establishes excellent relationships with Glovos partners through consistent and proactive communication, identifying their needs and building engagement (Partners meetings and business reviews)
Evaluate, follow up and build reports of your teams portfolio and KPIs periodically
Take actions to reach your goals and company OKRs
Help your team draw and execute plans, making your partners grow through promos negotiations, marketing activations and menu performance (selling items, AOV, Conversion Rate, cross selling and upselling)
Ensure that Glovo has the best content by getting sure we sign exclusivities with partners
Optimize Glovo visibility through marketing actions with our partners (using marketing kits, merchandising, etc)
Improve Glovos revenue through commission renegotiation and selling assets plans
Understand, build action plans and follow up on churned and inactive partners
Improve operational efficiency of our partners by making sure we always deliver the best service to our customers
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:
Background 

At least 3 years of experience preferably in Food Retail Industry or fast-paced environment (start-ups, FMCG, retail, telecoms, advertising, food-hospitality or on-demand delivery industry)
Bachelor in Business Administration, Marketing, Operations Management or Public Relations is a plus. 

Leadership, Business Acumen and Collaboration 

Team leadership: at least 1 years of experience in leading and motivating a team to achieve collective goals.
Business acumen: proven track record of understanding and empathizing with clients  partners business models, challenges, and objectives in order to create synergistic strategies and deliver value through collaboration.
Partner collaboration: Proven experience of at least 2 years in working with external partners to align on strategic initiatives, foster mutual growth, and ensure seamless collaboration on account-related matters.

Skills

Great communication and interpersonal skills. 
Project management skills, highly organized and detail-oriented approach. 
Problem solving skills, data-driven with strong commercial and analytical skills.
Excellent knowledge of Google Suite andor MS Office, Excel.
Excellent written and spoken Bulgarian  English skills. 

Culture

Ability to work in a high growth and high-performance start-up with a fast pace. 
Adaptable, positive mindset: possess a flexible attitude towards evolving roles within the commercial domain. we value versatility and the ability to adapt to new challenges while ensuring a stable and consistent job scope.

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Enticing equity plan 
Top-notch private health insurance 
Monthly meal benefit and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders! 
Discounted gym memberships 
Flexible time off and hybrid working model  (at least 3 days at the office)
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support! 
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit

What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
