If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. A ride that will fuel your ambitions and make a difference in peoples lives. At Glovo, we believe in paving the way forward together!
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia, where we operate in 3000 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
 
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
 
What makes our ride unique? 
 
 Our culture and strong values. 


We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 


Our career development philosophy. 


We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 


Our commitment to being a force for good. 


Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.


We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
 
YOUR MISSION
 
We are looking for a world class and experienced billing professional to join the Billing Team within our Global Finance Operations Department in our HQ. As a Billing Assistant, you will have full responsibility for the complete billing cycle for designated portfolios of accounts. 
 
THE JOURNEY


Generate invoices and payments accurately in a timely manner. 
Process credit and debit adjustments, as necessary. 
Update and maintain billing records and master data when applicable. 
Ensure quality of accounting data by monitoring and implementing control checks. 
Collaborate closely and proactively with other departments  local teams; Resolve all billing and payment related inquiries within established SLAs. 
Maintain and update billing documentation thoroughly and accurately, in accordance with department guidelines. 
Establish effective back-up support processes (cross-training and knowledge transfer) to ensure seamless support for all portfolio matters; ensure adequate coverage when out of office. 
Assist with reconciliations  support month-end-closing. 
Assist in the identification of process improvements. 
Other duties as assigned.


WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE


Minimum 2 years experience in billings andor Accounts Receivable 
Minimum 1 year experience in Accounting department 
Eye for detail and accuracy are imperative
Highly organized and able to multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment 
Ability to work effectively under pressure and deadlines 
Ability to develop in a multicultural environment; a true team player 
Excellent organizational skills 
Analytical and problem-solving skills. 
Display initiative, proactive and adaptable 
Hands-on experience with a world-class ERP system—SAP experience is a plus 
Advanced Excel proficiency, SQL knowledge desirable 
Excellent English communication skills[Requirements  nice to have]


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:


 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.


Here in Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!