If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
As a Head of Operations, you will be responsible for ensuring operational excellence in Morocco. You will lead the team and help them building a top-notch supply structure, owning the operational KPIs of 60 cities, engaging with and retaining couriers (or glovers, as we like to call them), coordinating projects across these geographic areas, while pushing our partners towards Operational excellence. Your main responsibility is to make sure the long-term sustainability of the fleet, its satisfaction, as well as its daily performance, combined with partners operations for both Top accounts  Long tail. 
THE JOURNEY


Lead the Supply Operations  Partner Operation teams of Morocco
Be the owner of Operations PL (courier cost, compensation cost, Live Operations, Materials etc..).
Define the medium and long-term strategy to achieve growth and profitability targets.
Be responsible for Operational Excellence levers, including courier profitability and incentives management, supply and demand balance, delivery times optimization, courier positioning and zoning  implementing logistics features
Improve the operations by ensuring our ambitious targets
Hire, train, and mentor the team members
Standardize processes across the different geographies under your scope
Build tools to speed up Local teams autonomy
Commit to contributing to Glovos growth, getting the job done
Work with local providers and legal teams, to ensure the best-in-class operations in the region
Bring the operations team to the next level!
Get feedback from our couriers  our partners and translate it into product and operations improvement.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference.
Give visibility using analytical reports to the main stakeholders of the project status and follow up on the next steps. Evaluate strategic opportunities, performing a broad range of quantitative and qualitative analyses.
Improve the operational efficiency of our partners by making sure we always deliver the best service to our customers
Contribute to stratospheric job creation and earnings for thousands of people
Implement, standardize and execute processes across all cities.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE


5 to 10 years in fast-paced environment, preferably in opsstrategy consulting, in an operationslogistic company or in FMCGretailtop tech firms
The skills to manage the big picture and the smallest details. Youre always on top of your deadlines and you demonstrate to be an organization freak!
Track record of success delivering and implementing new solutionsprocessesstandardization
Experience in KPIs tracking and creation and optimization expertise
Problem solver, data-driven decision-making with a strong analytical approach
A Masters degree in Engineering, Business, Economics are a plus
Ability to manage small work teams and lead changes
Excellent communication skills
An empathetic, inclusive, and curious attitude
Proficiency in Excel is mandatory. SQL knowledge is a plus
Excellent French, English  Arabic

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 