If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
 
YOUR MISSION
Were looking for someone to join our Accounting team, youll be working with and alongside talented and passionate people around the world. We are looking for a highly accountable, flexible individual, who is technically excellent, works hard, can nurture productive working relationships, and operate with a considerable degree of autonomy.
THE JOURNEY
Perform a variety of accounting activities including but not limited to:


Participation in establishing new accounting processes and streamlining existing processes


Reconciliation of GL account balances and bank statements, maintaining general ledger and preparing month-end closing procedures


Stock management


Work with primary accounting documents


Ensuring that financial transactions are properly recorded


Spot errors and suggest ways to improve efficiency


Fixed assets ledger maintenance


Inter-company accounts reconciliation and confirmation process


Preparing the monthly profit and loss, and balance sheet reports


Reconciliation between Trial Balance and Management Reporting     


Assisting the Finance Manager and HQ with developing and documentation of business processes and accounting policies to maintain and strengthen internal controls


Ensure compliance with local GAAP principles


Maintain and develop relationship with internal and external parties of the Company


Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE


Bachelors degree in accountingfinance (ACCACPA Certification would be considered an advantage)


5 years accounting experience in a similar position


Experience of working in the Retail sector or in Accounting Consultancy Services 


Thorough knowledge of the International Accounting Standards (IAS)


Experience with accounting systems (NAVision and Pantheon are strong advantage)


Advanced MS Excel Skills (pivot tables, sumifs, vlookup, Charts etc)  Google Workspace


Knowledge of the English and local language (advanced)


Analytical and problem-solving skills


Excellent organizational skills


High levels of professionalism, initiative, and energy


An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude



Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.


We believe driven talent deserves:

An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.


Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com

 