
About Glovo:Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 
Your work-life opportunity:
The way we manage our company is built on the belief that by giving a WOW service to our clients, we will be able to change the delivery market. How are we doing it? By paying attention to all the details. Glovo is a hyperlocal marketplace featuring the most trendy places in each city and delivering their products in less than 60 mins.  
As a Jr. Account Manager in the Expansion Team, you will play a key role in the Glovo Account management team. You will be directly responsible for impacting the most relevant partners of the region to make them grow, sell assets and improve user UX.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Account Management: 

Draw and execute plans, making partners grow through promos negotiations, marketing activations and menu performance (selling items, AOV, Conversion Rate, cross selling and upselling).
Evaluate, follow up and build reports of portfolio and KPIs periodically. Take actions to reach goals and companyteam objectives. 
Strong business acumen and know how to negotiate big marketing campaigns with food partners. 
Problem solving attitude with fast thinking decision making. 
Developed communication and commercial skills. 
Get feedback from our stores and translate it into process improvements
Maintain good relationship between Glovo and our partners
Forecast and track key account metrics
Work closely with all the departments within Glovo Portugal organization and occasionally globally on temporary projects

Project management: 

Data-driven mentality: take decisions based on data and make project judgments when necessary. 
Improve operational efficiency of partners by making sure Glovo always delivers the best service to customers.
Knowledge on how to manage budgets, identifying main prioritiesopportunities, while being aligned with the company objectives.

Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference
You have:


Degreemaster in business, marketing or sales is not mandatory, although knowledge in this area is required. 
Preferably with experience in FMCG, food-hospitalityfood-tech or on-demand delivery industry.
Experience in a similar role for more than 1 year .
Proficiency in Portuguese and English is mandatory - If you dont speak or write both languages, you will not be considered and your application will be automatically declined. 
Good skills in MS Office, Looker and Salesforce is a plus
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
 
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Enticing equity plan (if applicable)
Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Discounted gym memberships
Flexible time off, 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit






What youll find when working at Glovo:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com





