If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
Glovo is looking for a world-class Payroll  Admin Manager to join the People (HR) team in our Headquarters in the Barcelona office. Are you someone full of energy in driving initiatives and other people to accomplish and succeed? Do you have a mindset of disciplined execution that takes the best out of people around you and inspires them to give their best? Are you an organization freak very familiar with tools, processes, and automation? As the Payroll  Admin Manager, you will play a key role in leading a highly motivated and performing team to deliver excellence to our associates and employees, providing high standards of payroll delivery, aiming for optimization, accuracy, and flawless execution.
THE JOURNEY


Obtain a strong understanding of company needs, key deliverables, priorities and process to define new ways of working automating the actual process.


Manage the different payroll vendors in the region and aim for scaling-up and automatization  optimization opportunities


Actively participate in and contributing to global workshops and design review sessions with Payroll key customers and stakeholders to have all processes more scalable and efficient.


Lead and inspire a team of Payroll specialists and Analysts, training, mentoring and coaching them as necessary to support their career growth and engagement.


Ensure appropriate workload allocation, sharing of knowledge, review performance and instill a culture of continuous improvement and outstanding customer service.


Oversee general payroll processes for the legal entities in the countries in which Glovo operates, ensuring their accuracy and timeliness delivery to support a best-in-class employee experience


Support Master Data accuracy by keeping late data at bay, implementing metrics to analyze payroll health and accuracy, supporting audits  forensics as required


Maintain updated and accurate SOP and handbooks and ensure their alignment with stakeholders


Liaise with internal and external Auditors, assisting as necessary and providing any required information


WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE


Expertice in Spanish Payroll processing


Deep experience managing Payroll and admin process in more than 10 countries


Experience automating Payroll Process


Fluency in English verbal and written communication. Spanish is a nice to have


Excellent communication, organization skills and attention to detail              


Teamwork, leadership and project management skills


A collaborative style with the ability to influence others into action and to think creatively about solutions


Excellent organizational, facilitation and analytical skills


Professional maturity to keep and protect confidential information and to work with autonomy


A taste for processes and HR technologies (Workday specially), while enjoying ambiguity and change and suggesting innovative and non-conventional solutions


6 years of payroll experience in an international organization or company; experience in the tech industry andor in big payroll services delivery companies shall be major assets


3 years of leader  people management experience (approx.)


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 