
About Glovo:Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:
Be a Part Of a Team Where You Will:

Support the Partners team with all aspects of the daily Operational tasks
Perform analysis to come up with some insights to help improve the preparation time and decrease bad rating
 Develop, maintain and strengthen relations with partners on the field
 Bring important insights from the local operations and cooperate with relevant stakeholder to drive important changes which can make operations more efficient
Work alongside and communicate effectively with all other teams involved, such as the Finance and the Live Operations Departments to give our Partners the best support
Bring innovation to and assist in the implementation of successful processes and automation opportunities
 Give status reports for each account and review weekly with internal team
 Coordinate with the external provider on the topic of the content activation and manage the important metrics for the activation of new partners.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You Have:

 Effective English written and communication skills
Problem-solving skills: no problem is too small or too big
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude
 Computer literate; good knowledge of Google Docs and advanced knowledge in MS Office (Excel)
Salesforce and SQL experience is a plus
 Proactive, organised, and obsessed with detail and accuracy
Socially active. Have good relationships in your team and have an ability to empathize with new people you meet
Project management  coordination skills. Determined to get things done
Comfortable working in a high growth and high-performance start-up with a fast pace

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Top-notch private health insurance

Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!

