About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 

Your work-life opportunity:
We are looking for an Operations Manager to join our Team, who will be in charge of improving and optimizing courier fleet metrics and performances across the cities within the Area assigned.This role will require a mix of operational experience, stakeholder management, analytical skills, and creativity to tackle different challenges. The couriers are a key player in Glovos marketplace and you will need to ensure the fleets long-term sustainability, as well as its healthy contribution to the operational performance and user experience Casablanca Area.
Be a part of a team where you will:


Support the Central Operations Team (Functions) and the Local Teams (Areas) with scalable processes that leverage data and directly impact their KPIs.


Collaborate closely with all the internal stakeholders from other departments (Sales, Account Managers, Africa regional team...) to plan, execute, and monitor projects related to operations and the couriers contribution to user experience.


Analyze daily and weekly operation metrics with a macro view of the long-term success of the city, having a complete understanding of the local supply situation at all times.


Think out of the box to bring new ideas of process improvements that will be game changer to ensure the best user experience related to couriers.


Drive projects to improve the quality of KPIs such as Delivery Time and Cancellations in all the cities that are part of Casablanca area.


Continuously enable local teams with analysis and dashboards to give visibility on the performance of the main operational KPIs.


Work closely with all the verticals from the Operations team (Courier Ops, GX, Excellency).


Maintain and analyze business reports and information to aid in the decision-making process of supply chain operational needs, including daily, weekly and monthly reports.


Make sure that we are delivering the best support to Glovers through CAS Glover Center.


Manage a team of Glover Specialists. Hire, train and mentor the Team Members.


You have:


3-5 years of experience in highly demanding positions (operations, consulting, investment banking, etc.).


Experience in startups, technological platforms, or the on-demand industry is a plus.


Deep understanding of the user experience and operational levers to improve it.


Results oriented, analytical mindset to re-think our processes is a must.


Experience in gaining actionable insights from large amounts of granular data and ability to translate them into measurable projects for short and long term improvement.


SQL skills are not required but valued.


Ability to manage small work teams and lead changes.


Excellent communication and ability to engage internal and external stakeholders.


Combine a day by day and tactic management with a strategic and long term view.


Fluency in English is a must.


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


Internal learning tools


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
