About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your Work-life Opportunity
Our People Operations team is looking for a highly-motivated and amazing person to join us as People Care Intern in our Headquarters in Barcelona.
 
Be a Part Of a Team Where You Will


Support employees with day-to-day HR transactions and queries through our ticketing system.
Ensure consistent service delivery of agreed process and complete tracking
Identify process improvement opportunities in the assigned process
Day-to-day maintenance of HR Systems to Managing the maintenance of employee documents as well as taking care of our employee database in Workday to ensure 100 data accuracy and confidentiality of all employee records
Learn on how to process the People Operations on-boarding procedure for new hires: Administer employment contracts and ensure the terms and conditions are in line with internal and legal processes, as well as local governing laws.
Ensure the employees on-boarding process is completed and processed
Contribute to the employee benefit administration process;
Prepare employment contracts and new hire documentation
Explain HR-Related policies, procedures, laws and standards to new employees
Ensure that all pertinent payroll information is submitted and communicated to Payroll Department on a timely manner
Maintain employee files with all updated employee data
Ensure the knowledge documents are updated
Collaborate in the Internship Programs or the Company: Coordinate with Universities
Prepare the Internship Agreements
Coordinate the internship extension, termination or change of conditions
Managing employee documentation for the purpose of internal audit and making sure the employee files have all necessary in line with local labor law regulations.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


 
You Have


University degree in Human Resources, Business or relevant fields
Fluency in English and Spanish, both verbal and written communication skills
Russian, French, Italian, Polish or Romanian language knowledge will be a huge asset
Excellent communication, organization and time-management skills
Customer service mindset, ideally youve had some work experience or exposure to an administrative andor operational role supporting diverse nationalities
Great attention to detail
A strong team player
Proactive work mentality, reliability and great sense of urgency
Ability and openness to learn how to work effectively in a fast-paced environment, with a problem-solving mindset
Ability to work with different geographies and cultural experience sensitivity
Strong MS Office G-Suite skills essential


What youll find when working at Glovo:



Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
