
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.

YOUR MISSION:

Glovo is looking for a talented and ambitious Brand Ads Data Analyst Intern to help us grow our Brands. Are you up for a challenging experience in one of the fastest growing startups in Europe? 

THE JOURNEY:

Manage projects focused on building data reports and processes together with the team, to improve our current ways of working and reporting services for the brands.
Design, document, and implement processes and tools for efficiency and effectiveness.
Continuously refine processes to align with team goals.
Lead or contribute to project teams, tracking milestones, and proactively addressing issues.
Analyze brands performance to identify business opportunities,  spot trends and develop effective strategies for the Brand Ads Team.
Gather all the insights from our marketing activities to create amazing reporting experience for our clients, tackle problems and to raise the bar. 
Collaborate cross-functionally to pinpoint process improvements and innovate workflows with the Global team.
Help FMCGCPG companies boost their sales with the support of all Glovo marketing services you may provide. 
Build true long-term relationships with the CPG Brands you manage. Fully understand your partners and make recommendations of marketing activities, data services, consumer insight analysis and sales boosters. 
Identify growth opportunities to increase Brands investment in a sustainable way.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

What You Bring To The Ride:

Full time availability. 3 days a week at the office, 2 optional remote. 
1 previous working experience is preferable.
Bachelors degree in Engineering, Economics, or a related technological or business field preferably. 
Strong passion for analytics and reporting, demonstrated by your enthusiasm for problem-solving, driving data driven insights.
Advanced skills in MS Office ExcelGoogle Sheet is a must.
Advanced in using analytical tools, such as pivot tables, to drive data-informed decision-making.
An ability for identifying opportunities for process improvement in various aspects.
Great problem solver skills and capability to adapt fast to unexpected situations.
Comfortable working in a high-growth and high-performance start-up with a fast pace. Strong drive for continuous improvement. Creative and a self-starter. Proactivity is in your DNA. 
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you! 
We Believe Driven Talent Deserves:

Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being. 
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized. 
 Paid internship

What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com

 