
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
You will be joining the Supply and Demand Balance team within the Logistics cluster. It is a product team responsible for ensuring the healthy marketplace at all times and operational conditions through different levers (availability of the restaurants, availability and incentives for couriers, etc). The team leverages operations research techniques, optimization and machine learning models to build tools that support the health of the marketplace. It is a combined team of software developers, data scientists, data analysts and product managers that work closely together and leverage their expertise to bring the highest value features to the platform.THE JOURNEY


Work closely with product managers and development teams to define the product roadmap and strategy, monitor and give visibility of product metrics and KPIs.
Apply various advanced mathematical and statistical modeling techniques and analyses (AB test, multivariate test, clustering, supervised learning, etc) to solve for product and business problems that drive the highest impact.
Translate product questions and hypotheses into analysis and actionable insights.
Develop and maintain scalable and self-service visualization tools and storytelling dashboards.
Owning everything analytics end to end in the product development cycle, from ideation and opportunity sizing to experimentation and post-launch impact analyses.
Build robust relationships with stakeholders acting as a strategic and supportive link between the technology, business, and product.
Collaborate with data science projects development through exploration analysis, proof of concepts ML models and experimentation.


WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE


1-3 years of professional experience outside of an academic and internship setting, in a quantitative analysis role, preferably in product facing teams
Experience with the application of statistical modeling and advanced analytics to provide product-shaping insights
Excellent SQL skills
Solid proficiency in statistical programming (PythonR) and experience working with popular tools such as Pandas, SciPy, Seaborn, JupyteriPython notebooks, R Markdown
Demonstrated experience in designing and analyzing experiments in digital products (AB test, multivariate, etc)
Knowledge of visualization tools like Tableau, Looker, Qlikview
Good understanding of software development and agile methodologies is a plus
Knowledge or experience in digital product development is a plus
Excellent spoken and written English


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
