About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:
To create the team and structure needed and define our growth strategy across the different countries that Glovo is expanding to, providing both expert strategic thinking and leadership skills. To drive the markets growth through main customer acquisition and retention levers. Role performance will be evaluated based on New Customer and Recurrent Customer KPIs as well as reaching profitability within a 6-month period.
Be a part of a team where you will:
Definition and implementation of Growth strategies:

Define Glovo Marketing and Growth strategy in alignment with HQ
Lead all consumer understanding programs and define the communication strategy per country
Manage and optimize Glovo marketing budget, understand the media landscape and define the right mix of digital  non-digital investment to maximize user base growth within the agreed user acquisition targets.

Strategy:

Reviewing and approving all strategies in the application by all teams.
Initiates and implements measurable strategies that aid in driving the businesss revenue goals and increasing awareness at all levels of the businesss reach  regional, national, or beyond.
Develops marketing plans that reach target segments promptly and effectively and dispenses them to relevant marketing teams for adoption.

Collaboration:

Mobilizes the communications department in launching strategies and ensuring clear communication within the marketing department as well as the other departments, which will ensure alignment and efficiency of efforts within different departments, for example, the sales department, in reaching for the businesss targets and objectives.
Measuring the marketing program and campaign results, formulating solutions, and adjusting these programs in order to reach aggressive targets and objectives promptly.

Online Initiatives: 

Ensuring the establishment of a first-class web presence that will drive aggressive awareness for the business and significantly assist in the acquisition and retention of the businesss consumers.
Evaluates online marketing performance and leads the marketing team in creating excellent web and social media presence that enables the awareness of the businessbrand to spread virally.
Development of innovative campaigns that will increase quality spectators with a view of turning them into loyal consumers.

Awareness BuildingOffline Initiatives: 

Builds awareness for the purpose of ensuring that the business is seen as a thought-leader in the field or market, building and leveraging connections that ensure that market influencers within the businesss industry and demographics are aware of and support the brand.

Brand BuildingStory Telling: 

Continuous development of the businesss unique and compelling voice, which also aids in building awareness, uniqueness, relevance, esteem, and reputation, among target consumers.
Ensures that the brands story is communicated creatively and dramatically in order to attract as much attention as possible.
Leads the creation of inspiring designs, content, and campaigns that will build the businesss brand, eventually driving acquisition and revenue.
Ensure that the brands standards are maintained across all channels.

Relationships:

Establishing meaningful business relationships on behalf of the business.
Establishes strong relationships with market influencers as well as media outlets.

Stakeholder Communications:

Executes innovative stakeholder communication strategies in order to inform the relevant parties about activities and accomplishments of the department and its programs.
Designs stakeholder communication plans that motivate further cohesion within the business.
Compiling and presenting reports on marketing programcampaign performance and the results conceived through their collaboration with the analytics department and reports of further analyses conducted by various marketing teams.

People Management

Lead a team of Marketing managers across different countries and cities in the region
Help a team with a marketing activation (offline and online) and manageoptimize Content to deliver on the agreed growth goals
Set up marketing objectives per country and lead a team toward the company aims

Business Development and Brand Partnerships:

Define pricing strategy and promotional calendar with key partners
Identify and execute partnerships to build brand awareness in the region
Work with the different Country Managers to deliver Growth and PL targets
Track and monitor key Growth and Content metrics providing the appropriate visibility to HQ

Manage Global Brand identity and messaging for Glovo.

Develop and drive global brand architecture for Glovo brands and ensure consistency in messaging across all consumer touchpoints  packaging, displays, collateral, media, PR, online, and avenues.
Lead all global PR messaging and marketing communication strategy
Align with overall business goals and ensure every consumer touchpoint is in line with the business objectives.
Evaluate and engage outside agenciesconsultants as needed to drive best in class execution

Spread and enact the companys culture

Work hard as a team and execute fast
Act with initiative, anticipating the consequences of our decisions and always seeking the long-term benefit
Embrace feedback as a core part of our jobs
Be direct, honest, and trustworthy
Stay generally lean. We spend company resources as we spend our own money—carefully
Work hard to learn Glovo A to Z to understand the consequences of our actions individually and at a company level
If you see a problem thats not in your department, try to fix it anyway. We follow up and we brainstorm until its solved
Be humble - Never say, Thats not my job!

You have:


MBA or a Masters level university degree in Marketing, Business, Engineering or Computer Science is required as a minimum.


Min 8 years of experience in a leading FMCG company or in the E-commerce sector performing in a role of similar or larger responsibilities.


Proven track record of building a marketing team, experienced budgeting and executing integrated marketing campaigns across digital and non-digital channels


International Marketing experience, experience in the market is required


Aligned with our company values and enact them both in your personal and professional life


Highly analytical and comfortable dealing with high growth and complex business challenges


World-class consumer understanding skills


Have a deep understanding of paid, owned and earned media channels, being comfortable tracking and reporting on established performance marketing KPIs


Outstanding people management and talent development skills


Excellent English Proficiency, both oral and written skills


Romanian or any other local language is an advantage


Passport holder


An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Enticing equity plan (if applicable)
Top-notch private health insurance
Meal tickets and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Flexible time off, 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit

What youll find when working at Glovo:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you! Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook! Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com





 





 