About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
We are looking for an experienced accountant, to undertake all accounting activity for different companies and partner with the business to ensure that the requirements are being met whilst at the same time ensuring that Glovo meets all its internal and external reporting and control requirements.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Bookkeeping
Support in the preparation of statutory financial statements in accordance with the UoR
Executing and streamlining closing procedures
Create reports for group reporting
Calculations of transformations between UoR and IFRS
Development of the accounting policy and accounting procedures
Work in projects related to the implementation and testing of financial software
Conducting tax settlements with the support of a tax advisor
Communication with external auditors and control authorities
Cooperation with other units belonging to the Glovo group

Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


You have:


A solid academic background, preferably with a university higher degree in Business Administration or related field: Finance, Business, Economics or other Social Sciences


2-3 years of proven working experience in Audit or as an Accounting controller 


Experience working with CIT and VAT, a must


Thorough knowledge of accounting principles and procedures


Excellent MS Excel skills


Experience with ERP, and implementing new solutions is a plus


Team player and good vibes


Multi-tasker


Local language is an advantage




An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
