About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:
As a People Partner for Bulgaria and Serbia, you will play a key role in impacting business results by helping leaders to make great people decisions. You will be the main point of contact for the entire team, providing both expert strategic thinking and leadership skills, working directly with the Business Line Managers, and the country leadership team.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Partner with the leaders in the team, always aligned with People processes, to translate strategic objectives into project delivery
Design and implement employment guidelines and integrate global People processes relevant to your client areas.
Ensure compliance with each country and EU legislation Design strategic initiatives through the generation of relevant data and analysis Act as a Business Partner, strategic solution provider, advisor and coach for the leaders in the team.
Support line managers by providing valuable input and expertise to the team on Hiring processes, Employment laws, HR policies, HR processes, Compensations, Relocations, Expats, etc.
Lead growth projects within the teams you support as well as reorganizations according to business needs.
Partner with the other People teams to manage employee relations, labor relations and disciplinary actions regarding the. Keep perspective and possible impacts on the Business.
Partner with client areas leadership to identify business needs aligned with organization plans and team growth (structure, costs) and partner with the People Acquisition team to ensure and enable the correct recruitment process: design JDs, understand current markets, benefits offered, etc.
Support the business to identify mid and long-term capability needs, in order to implement a learning and development process and ensure a continuous learning environment.
Ensure development is a key topic in Glovo, making it a core topic at the leadership level within the client teams.
Ensure the performance review process with high-quality discussion, and implement and manage a career path for key roles and secure succession planning.
Maintain a strong focus on employee relations, monitor employee engagement, and retention activities.
Be responsible for key people processes implementation: performance  recognition, compensation cycles, talent review, employee relations, engagement.
Build strong ongoing relationships with the People and partner areas team, in order to identify new opportunities for the development of different initiatives regarding People processes.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference
Ensure, with responsibility over the office management, the life at Glovo culture is being lived and enjoyed in your scope. Fostering a positive and productive work environment in alignment with our values! 

You have:

Bachelors degree or higher in Business Administration, Psychology or related fields.
A business-first attitude.
Experience in highly demanding environments and in a similar role for more than 4 years.
Experience in startups will be highly valued, either by having directly worked in a similar company or managing a new project unit in a larger organization.
Excellent interpersonal communication skills at all levels.
Ability to adapt, execute 360 and coordinate with the team.
Fluency in English. Any local language will be a big plus.
Knowledge of Country employment and labor law as a strong plus.
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude 

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan


Top-notch private health insurance


Zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
