 
About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:

The way we manage our company is built on the belief that by giving a WOW service to our clients, we will be able to change the delivery market. How are we doing it? By paying attention to all the details. Glovo is a hyperlocal marketplace featuring the most trendy places in each city and delivering their products in less than 60 mins.
This role is focused on Glovos Q-Commerce (quick commerce) business unit, which focuses on working with Supermarkets, Pharmacies, Shops (e.g., electronics, beauty, flowers, toys, video games, etc.)
Q-Commerce is the second biggest category inside Glovo and we are currently building a strong Local team in order to re-invent how consumers buy their groceries and any other product in their city making it more convenient and easy than ever before.
As a buyer for our Micro Fulfillment CenterMFC (which is just like a supermarket that only does deliveries (no access for end customers in the actual store) you will be responsible for delivering a best-in-class experience for our customers. Leading the implementation of the right assortment, categorization, content, pricing and promotion strategies.

Be a part of a team where you will:

Responsible for managing supplier relationships and negotiate best commercial and operational deals 
Increase the number of direct suppliers according to business needs
Be responsible of offering an amazing shopping experience by categorizing  sorting the assortment based on user needs
Lead assortment definition and optimization strategy
Focus on dynamic pricing execution and analysis
Implement and track processes to guarantee content strategy execution
Understand  and implement promotions and cross-selling opportunities
Work closely with store managers to assure flawless execution of category management process at store level
Engage with regional and local teams to implement the global strategy

You have:

At least 2 years experience as a Buyer or Category Management in the RetailGroceries sector or similar
Great interpersonal skills
Comfortable working in a high growth and high performance start-up with a fast pace
Fluent in English and Bulgarian. Additional languages are a plus

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Top notch private health insurance
Free deliveries  80 BGN monthly to be paid in food vouchers
Multisport card with discount for employees (40 BGN per employee) 
Flexible time off and hybrid working model (at least 3 days at the office)
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit
Fresh fruit, coffee and snacks

What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com

 
 