About Glovo: 
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 
Your work-life opportunity:
At Glovo we are constantly looking for passionate and experienced engineers to join our ML Platform  team. Glovo depends heavily on machine learning to make decisions in different areas of the business. The ML Platform team is responsible for providing the infrastructure and the necessary tooling for both data scientists and engineers to experiment, deploy and monitor machine learning solutions at scale. We are currently developing the next generation ML platform in order to take machine learning at Glovo to the next level of scale.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Architect, build and maintain the next generation platform that enables engineers and data scientists to create, evaluate, deploy and monitor machine learning solutions at scale
Scale our machine learning platform products and the team around them as our business grows
Work closely with data scientists to understand their needs and challenges and help them architect solutions to the specific problems they are solving.
Actively participate in hands-on coding tasks as part of the ML Platform team using modern engineering approaches and agile principles
Define and lead ML solutions across the entire Glovo business and deliver them in an  efficient and timely manner..
Actively contribute to improving the observability of ML solutions for the entire company.
Actively mentor and grow other Machine Learning Engineers and form a strong MLE community.

You have:

An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude
Advanced Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related field
7 years of relevant full-time experience as a Machine Learning Engineer
Experience leading impactful machine learning projects from inception to production.
Strong programming skills in Python.
Experience with CICD tools and DevOps best practices
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes
Extensive knowledge of software architecture and best practices with application to highly scalable services (millions of requests per day)
Strong will to adhere to best practices in software development and a need to write clean and well structured code
Experience in driving cross team projects from technical perspective
A well demonstrated test-driven mindset
Outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong knowledge of   Machine Learning Ops and other related Machine Learning technologies and practices.
Experience developing production machine learning models observability solutions.
Good English

Nice-to-haves:

Experience building  ML Platforms.
Experience building Feature PlatformsStores.

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
EXPERIENCE OUR GLOVO LIFE BENEFITS:

Competitive Pay and Enticing Equity plan 
Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products 
Zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders! 
Discounted gym memberships 
Flexible time off (take the time you need) 
Flexible working model - Combining 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support
External learning opportunities 
Office fun activities from drinks to cinema nights! 

WHAT YOULL FIND WHEN WORKING AT GLOVO:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance
