About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 

Your work-life opportunity:
As a Glovo Senior Sales Executive, you will be a key representative of our companys sales team, responsible for creating a pipeline and signing up local stores. Glovo is a hyperlocal marketplace featuring the trendiest places of each city and delivers their products in the next hour.The Sales team is directly responsible for partnering with both smaller local stores and with bigger brands to display them on our Glovo platform. You will work with a high performing sales team and a Head of Sales
Be a part of a team where you will:

Build a partner portfolio from scratch and negotiate the best products in your city to deliver it to our customers
Lead from the front in closing deals, on-boarding them and account management for your citys partners
Meet monthly objectives defined by the Sales Director
Build and maintatin relationships with top partners in the city
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude
A passion to make a positive impact on the life of millions of people through technology
At least, 5 years of experience in high-performance sales
Previous work experience in a startup  high-demanding environment is preferred
Sales hunger is a must! You may never take a no for an answer.
Experience in training and motivating a sales team
Highly motivated, results-driven, strategic thinker, with strong leadership and business fundamentals
Strong communication abilities with ability to influence and drive change
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
 
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
