 
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
Glovo believes that, by giving amazing service to our partners, we will be able to change the on-demand delivery market. 
How are we doing this? By thinking big, and paying attention to small details. Glovos core product is a marketplace featuring the best restaurants in each city and delivery in less than 60 mins. 
Glovo has recently introduced GaaS (Glovo as a service) to provide for all of our partners food ordering and delivery needs. Our SaaS allows partners to easily launch their online channel, and on-demand delivers it to the Customers with Glovo couriers. 
Our vision is to offer our partners end-to-end solutions that help them grow and optimize their online and offline businesses. We believe most restaurants and stores will opt for a strategy that combines their channels, with marketplaces (like Glovo). We want Glovo to be the delivery partner of choice, and give them various opportunities to grow their delivery channel, together with marketplace sales (as Glovo). 
As On-Demand Sales Executive, you will have a key role in the growth and success of the OD Team.
This role is the perfect mix of the analytical with the creative - with the gravitas to represent a rapidly growing startup internally at HQ, and externally to the local partners.
THE JOURNEY

Be responsible for selling and implementing On-Demand solutions in Romania
Support defining medium and long-term strategy to achieve growth and profitability targets for Romania in the established time
Prioritize top accounts in Romania, identify the solutions, that each partner needs (working closely with local Account Managers), pitch and activate them in Glovo OD;
Build and adapt customized proposals for each partner, coordinating with development teams for technical and operations matters, also commercial teams for pricing
Lead contract negotiations (w partner Account Manager) to establish a strong working partnership grounded on sustainable economics for both parties
Understand partner needs and evaluate product-market fit - collect, compile, and share feedback with the HQ team
Own the relationship with the partner for everything related to On-Demand solutions. This means that you will be the main point of contact for new requests, negotiations, development, implementation, and roll-out 
Share feedback from partners with product, and operations teams to generate improvements 
Understand the local environment, and constantly adjust our product to the needs of the market 
Monitor the daily performance of our partners, and help them proactively with ongoing issues and questions 
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

Minimum 1 year of experience in Account Management andor Sales Roles;
Hunter profile: strong commercial skills;
Ability to understand complex software needs, and translate between restaurant partners and technical teams. Comfortable working with technical product, and API integration teams.
Accountability and ownership for projects from start to finish - can understand the entire funnel and identify where to take actions
Willingness and ability to coordinate all technical, operational, and commercial aspects
Good communication and interpersonal skills 
Project management skills, proactive, highly organized, and detail-oriented 
Problem solver, data-driven, analytical profile 
Motivated by working in a high-growth and high-performance start-up with a fast pace and multiple responsibilities 
Computer literate; good knowledge of G Suite and MS Office, Excel
Excellent Romanian Language and English skills
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

Way of working: 

This person will be locally based reporting to the On-Demand Manager in Romania;
Needs to be in constant contact with local account managers (mid-size and XL accounts particularly) to push all potential deals

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 
 