If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. A ride that will fuel your ambitions and make a difference in peoples lives. At Glovo, we believe in paving the way forward together!
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia, where we operate in 3000 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales and over 20M customers get their good delivered in minutes. 
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION:
Hello candidate, Oscar here!
Im extremely excited for the next two years in Glovo Tech and Id like to tell you why. The last three years have been all about scaling (it was hire, hire, hire time!) and building the foundations. We have achieved strong platform stability, a very solid culture and engagement levels, good talent density and created an employer tech brand that is now attracting top notch talent across the globe. 
After 8 years since I founded Glovo, I would say things are now finally well oiled and moving at decent speed. The important stuff gets well prioritized and things get shipped. However, to cope with our business ambition, we want to speed up tech. I firmly believe we can 2-3x our product velocity with better ways of working, accountability and talent density. Achieving this, while keeping a fun, engaging and challenging place to work, is the 1 mission for our future CTO. 
I am really looking forward to start working closely with you!
IN THE JOURNEY YOU WILL

Embrace Passion and Energy: Continue driving a fast, responsive approach to organisational needs, promoting a YES attitude, prioritising speed over perfection, and approaching challenges with a problem-solving mindset.
Obsess with product velocity: we believe we can still 2x our product velocity through better ways of working, alignment and tooling.
Uphold Values and Culture: Advocate for a high talent bar, accountability, ownership, efficiency, speed and a stance against entitlement, aligned with Glovos core values.
Lead with Curiosity: Stay abreast of new technologies and developments, driving innovation and embracing emerging opportunities. 
Continue Raising the bar: Show continued obsession with increasing talent density, keeping high engagement and implementing programs that nurture team excellence. 
Continue building Glovos Tech Brand: Continue efforts to position Glovo as a leading tech employer in Europe, with a focus on high bar.
Demonstrate Approachable Leadership: Balance high standards with an understanding, reasonable approach that challenges and supports the team, sharing context and encouraging open dialogue.

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

Strong emotional intelligence: You are relatable and inspire as a confident leader.
Positive Attitude and a collaborative mindset: Known for energetic, positive approach, ease of collaboration and calm under pressure. 
Results-Driven Approach: A proven track record of strong contributions, acting with a clear ambition to build a reference brand and displaying high results aligned with company values
Office-first mindset: Commitment to a fast-paced, high-growth environment, with a shared belief in the benefits of time spent in the office every week.
Innovation and Learning Mindset: Contagious curiosity about new technologies, defying the status quo and committed to continuous learning.
Tech Excellence Focus: Track record of continuously pushing platform availability and maturity ahead of the curve.
Alignment with our values: Our Values
Ability to attract top talent: The pull to attract exceptional talent globally, scale high-performance teams, and foster growth and retention.
Understanding of business: Commitment to swift product shipping and efficient problem-solving while understanding operational challenges and technical architecture.

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, including nursery support.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here in Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into  our culture by taking a peek at our  Instagram and checking out our Linkedin and website!