
About Glovo:Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 

Be a Part Of a Team Where You Will

Support the Partners  Brands team with all aspects of daily operations
Perform analysis to come up with some insights to help identify worst performers and improve the preparation time and cancellations of our Partners 
Develop, maintain and strengthen relations with Top Partners on the field
Coordinate and supervise a team of agents where you will have direct responsibility on their KPIs, results and quality of their performance.
Bring important insights from the local operations and cooperate with relevant stakeholder to drive important changes which can make operations more efficient
Work alongside and communicate effectively with all other teams involved, such as the Finance and the Content Departments to give our Partners the best support
Bring innovation to and assist in the implementation of successful processes and automation opportunities
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You Are Have

Effective English written and communication skills. 
Problem-solving skills: no problem is too small or too big
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude
Experience managing, coordinating and motivating teams of 3-5 people
Computer literate; good knowledge of Google Docs and advanced knowledge in MS Office (Excel)
Salesforce and SQL experience is a plus
Proactive, organized, and obsessed with detail and accuracy
Socially active. Have good relationships in your team and have an ability to empathize with new people you meet
Project management  coordination skills. Determined to get things done
Comfortable working in a high growth and high-performance start-up with a fast pace


Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Enticing equity plan (if applicable)
Private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Discounted gym memberships
Flexible time off, 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit






What youll find when working at Glovo:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com





