About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 

Your work-life opportunity:

Were looking for a strong leader to manage the biggest region for Glovo Morocco (Grand Casablanca)  own the growth of a portfolio of 6 cities  top partners
Were looking for someone who has a mix of operational prowess to get great work done, the negotiation and collaboration skills needed to bring out the best from our partners, the strategic, innovative and creative thinking thats required to develop outside-the-box solutions, and the emotional intelligence and humility required to lead a fast-paced business and inspire a team of people. 
Playbook Glovo culture - Link

Be a part of a team where you will:

Lead a team in charge of managing a group of existing partners, cities and driving them to success.
Owning the PL, as well as the key growth and profitability metrics for your area.
Work together with the Director of Regions and the functional heads to define winning sales, growth, and operations strategies for your cities, and own its implementation.
Build, manage an account management dream team, help them perform and inspire them to grow
Constantly look for ways to improve the service in your area, staying up to date in terms of news and trends, and looking after operational excellence.
Build, scale, communicate and maintain detailed reporting models to assist regional efforts, both on a strategic and operational level.
Assure your team establishes excellent relationships with Glovos partners through consistent and proactive communication, identifying their needs and building engagement (Partners meetings and business reviews).
Work hard with your team, helping and guiding them during difficult negotiations to close important deals with top chains and smaller partners
Lead by example in accordance to our values and set high standards for the team.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

You have 6 years of experience in consultingbusiness developmentstart-up or similar. 
A strong track record of excellent performance delivering challenging KPIs and  or projects
Managerial, 360 view: good understanding of all the key drivers in a business PL and how to affect them
Highly polished communication skills - speaking, writing, presenting and negotiating. Ability to work with remote teams through clear and concise communication
You are willing to travel several days per month in the cities under your ownership 
Be an owner mindset: You are committed to growing Glovo in your cities, and digging deep to solve bottlenecks. Youre solution-oriented and dont take no for an answer.
Ability to balance swift pace of execution with attention to detail
Superior analytical skills and willingness to roll up your sleeves to get it done
Excellent French, Arabic and English
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
