If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
Step up to the ambitious challenge of achieving less than 45 minutes delivery time in some of the worlds most complex cities. Glovo offers an exciting opportunity for a data-focused, analytical professional who obsesses over details and is always looking for how to improve the performance of our couriers, and restaurant partners. You will have access to unlimited data to facilitate creative decision-making and access to a world-class tech team that can turn your recommendations for the countrys operations into an efficient reality. 
THE JOURNEY


Analyse data obsessively to identify trends and build successful implementation strategies for our on-demand operations


Evaluate strategic opportunities, performing a broad range of quantitative and qualitative analyses.


Grow, develop, and make a difference while encouraging you to bring your unique perspective to the table


Contribute to stratospheric job creation and earnings for thousands of people


Collaborate together and learn from each other


Be the owner of the operational metrics for Serbia.


Work closely with Regional OPS and the GM of Serbia.


Manage Operations Specialists (team of 5 professionals). You will hire, train and mentor them.


Understand, deep-dive, have under control and improve the supply status to ensure we deliver operational excellence and great customer experience.


Implement, standardize and execute processes across all cities.


Contribute towards the continuous improvement of the global operations through out-of-the-box thinking.


Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE


Strong analytical skills - you are always running pivot tables and looking for more data to drive decisions.


The ability to negotiate contracts with large organisations AND explain Glovos value proposition to couriers and micro and small enterprises


A can-do attitude about building a fleet of 10,000 couriers and optimising the performance of 2000 restaurants and stores


Endless curiosity - you wonder why problems exist, spend hours figuring out why, and cant stop thinking about solutions


An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


A passion to make a positive impact on the life of millions of people through technology


5 years of experience in high demanding positions (operations, consulting, investment banking, etc.). Experience in on-demand is a plus.


Experience managing high-performance teams


Strong organisational skills and delegation, ability to prioritise and multitask, work well under pressure, handle multiple issues simultaneously in a dynamic environment.


An openness to change (changes seeker).


Effective communication skills (both to the team and upstream).


Out of the box thinker and high level of self-initiative (proactive in finding new solutions to new issues).


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
