If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
 
Your work-life opportunity:
Glovo uses Salesforce to manage and automate partner sales, account management and operations processes, as well as business processes for other Glovo verticals as B2B, Content, and Communications. As the Partners CRM Manager, you will be responsible for developing and leading the strategic vision for the Salesforce platform. You will manage the team responsible for its daily administration, data quality, user support, and ongoing enhancements, including system architecture, design, custom development, data integration, and ongoing release management.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Manage a team consisting of technical, support and data analysis specialists.
Provide guidance to the Salesforce team on designing, building processes on the Salesforce platform, using products such as Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Community Cloud, Marketing Cloud and Analytics Cloud, testing, deploying changes to production and providing after-deployment support.
Determine business and technical objectives to set appropriate expectations of the Salesforce platform, and define criteria for success.
Understand the needs of the different business stakeholders as well as their internal processes, and recommend and execute on automation of their business processes.
Identify and prioritise improvements to the Salesforce platform through understanding of the Salesforce roadmap and the processes and needs of end user teams.
Keep business sponsors and senior leaders well informed during the development lifecycle.
Develop best practices to enhance and increase effectiveness and reliability of Salesforce.
Review changes in upcoming releases of Salesforce and provide recommendations regarding new features.
Manage solutions, delegate resources and help ensure quality assurance principles are met across projects and deliverables.
Foster learning on your team.
Foster adoption and adherence to the Salesforce platform.
Improve Salesforce user support process and time to resolution.
Enforce strategies to ensure data is clean and consistent across the different Salesforce processes

You have:

Fluent English.
Minimum 5 years of hands on experience on the Salesforce platform.
Minimum 8 years of professional experience.
Expertise on the Sales, Service, Community and Marketing Clouds. Knowledge of Analytics Cloud is a plus.
Experience mentoring, managing, and coaching teams.
Worked closely with Salesforce stakeholders and senior leadership to develop Salesforce roadmaps.
Demonstrated ability to translate business needs into solutions on the Salesforce platform.
Experience in working across sales, product, operations and data teams to plan, prioritise and execute complex cross-departmental Salesforce projects that involve multiple technologies and data sets necessary to achieve objectives.
Excellent analytical, problem-solving and root-cause analysis skills and ability to identify issuesopportunities, recommend solutions and develop methodologies.
Experience presenting concepts to clients, stakeholders or other decision makers of all levels (technical and non-technical).
Salesforce Certifications are a plus.


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!





 



