If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
Were looking for an experienced Paid Social Team Lead to manage the global Paid Social team and manage acquisition, (re)activation and reengagement campaigns across primarily app, but also web.
THE JOURNEY


Be focused on establishing the paid social teams vision, design  update the channels data grounded strategy and help scale efficiently our App and web performance programs.


Be ensuring trackingsignal resilience, overseeing optimization strategy, you will explore new ad products, solving via automation (vendor based or homegrown), implementing reporting that leads to action and aligning it with local marketing leaders.


Collaborate closely across functions (regional marketing leaders, data science, adtech, product  engineering, design  comms etc.).


Design marketing automation in collaboration with your tech or data science resources, conduct regular performance checks and periodic business reviews to surface opportunitiesaction-plans.


Be responsible for developing a team of paid social specialists, hiring and training new hires working on paid social channels


Drive budgetingforecasting, vendor alignment, experimentation,  short term execution and long term vision.


Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE


At least 5 years of work experience and 2 as a manager in GrowthPerformance marketing role (Facebook, Instagram focus) in a pure-play ecommerce or mobile marketplace (local, travel, hail riding, food delivery) with international experience


Highly technical and analytical drive; You are comfortable dealing with high growth and complex business challenges


Passion for Paid Social: audience selection, bidding strategies, attribution (web and mobile via MMP), tracking, incrementality testing, different ad formats (dynamic, newsfeed etc.), execution via an FMP (eg. smartly.io)


Ease with OKRs, tracking reporting on established performance marketing KPIs and turning insights into actions


Experience managing cross-functional projects


Hands-on attitude: alternating between communicating your vision, strategy and rolling up your sleeves to show how its done, is not foreign to you.


Fluency in English


An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 
 
 