About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:

We are looking for a highly motivated candidate to lead Glovos PR strategy in Georgia, driving our Tech  Responsibility vision to make a positive and sustainable change in Georgian society. The journey will not be short neither easy, but the reward will be worth working for. You need to be a natural and resilient problem solver, with strong interpersonal and communication abilities, always showing a positive attitude.

Be a part of a team where you will:



Lead the short and long term strategy to drive and protect the brand reputation in Georgia.


Execution of the companys Comms  PR strategy adapted to the Georgian Ecosystem


Lead day to day communications task  initiatives


Work on a daily basis with the Georgian PR agencies to create and curate engaging content and lead press releases management.


Coordinate the creation  execution of a detailed yearly calendar with key campaigns  events  based on the company business  comms objectives


Analyze KPIs and measure the success of the campaigns.


Work closely with Legal  Public Affairs teams to understand business moves and changes to have a constant creation of stories that can engage media


Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference



You have:



Bachelors degree in Communication, Public Relations, Journalism, Marketing or related fields


2-3 years of experience in Brand Reputation andor PR roles


Excellent verbal and written communication skills


Demonstrable analytical thinking and attention to detail 


Excellent project management skills and self-starter that can deliver results


An execution mindset with an ability to take an idea and run with it


Outstanding organizational and time management skills

Fluent Georgian and English language skills (Please, submit your resume in English language)

An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude



We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:



Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com



 
