If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual Internship program. Just as we are not your usual delivery app, our Tech Internship Program is not your typical career beginning.
 
We are the fastest-growing multi-category delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia, operating in over 3.000 cities across 25 countries. Our 200k merchants annually generate over 4B in sales, while more than 20M customers experience the convenience of getting their goods delivered in minutes.
 
Our vision extends beyond deliveries; its about revolutionizing the way people connect with their everyday needs. As a graduate at Glovo, youll play a pivotal role in this transformation. We empower you with innovative solutions powered by technology, enabling you to contribute to our ecosystem of users and shape the future of on-demand services.
 
With us, every day is filled with purpose. Our Internship Program will be your gateway to an exciting, challenging, and impactful journey. Together, well create opportunities, drive innovation, and inspire change, as we embark on this ride of your life! 
 
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
As  a member of the Courier  Logistics Clusters, your role is pivotal in ensuring that all orders are not just delivered swiftly and efficiently, but also meet the expectations of a diverse user base. Your daily projects will revolve around creating an environment where couriers thrive, from seamless onboarding to fostering lasting engagement and rewards. 
 
THE JOURNEY 
 Proactive Learning: Demonstrate a proactive approach by actively seeking support from the team and mentor when needed, showcasing a strong willingness to learn. 
 Design Pattern Mastery: Seek to continuously learn design patterns and gain insights from the teams overall system design.
 Documentation Review: Be keen to identify and rectify issues in the current documentation to ensure accurate and up-to-date resources.
 Code Quality: Deliver tested code that adheres to Team guidelines and best practices.
 Debugging Proficiency: Show enthusiasm for learning various debugging tools and processes common to our tech stack.
 Security Awareness: Use security standards to understand the teams systems compliance and apply them in your daily work to ensure a secure development environment.
 Task Understanding: Always seek to understand the why behind all the tasks at hand to contribute effectively to the project.
 360Feedback Seeker: Actively reach out and provide quantitative, qualitative, and constructive feedback to improve your skills and performance.
 Team Support: Actively reach out for or provide support to the team and mentor when required, fostering a collaborative and supportive work environment.
 Issue Reporting: Actively raise any issues you encounter to colleagues andor managers, contributing to the overall projects success and improvement.
 
WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE
 

Your eagerness and gas to start a ride in the industry and embrace the challenges! 
Effective Communication (English) 
Youre currently on the thrilling STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math) journey. 
Strong Computer Science knowledge
Knowledge of Java, Python or other programming languages 
Problem-Solving Acumen and proactive approach to innovation. 
Willingness to learn and adapt to various roles.
Cross-Cultural Awareness - appreciation of diverse perspectives.
You are available to start at the end of January 2024


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 Top-notch learning experience that will fuel your career and enhance your professional and personal growth 
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Inspiring learning opportunities! You will have access to all our learning portals and be supported by our incredible mentors group. 
Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

 
Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!