
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION

We are looking for a highly skilled and motivated  Business Analyst to become part of our Loyalty team within Growth HQ. The Loyalty team is responsible for the strategy definition and product development of Glovos loyalty subscription based program (called Glovo Prime). Glovo Prime aims to increase customer retention and frequency by offering a set of exclusive amazing benefits: unlimited free deliveries, no extra fees and exclusive promotions! Its successfully reaching high and fast growing user penetration in most of our markets (and were planning to keep expanding it in current and new markets!). 
As a Business Analyst in the Loyalty team, you will play a key role in keeping scaling and optimizing the impact of our successful and loved Glovo Prime. You will work with Product, Data, CRM and local Growth teams, and obsess with turning Glovo Prime into a vital engagement lever for us with outstanding performance metrics. 
Glovo is a fast moving, dynamic environment where flexibility and adaptability are key attributes. The successful candidate is a self-starter with a passion for data analytics and continuously demonstrates an ability to tackle complex problems and implement solutions.
THE JOURNEY


Define and execute Glovo Primes strategy (including the definition of pricing, benefits, conditions) for the different countries. Youll be responsible for nurturing the relationship between Loyalty HQ and the countries
Create AB test plans and manage them end to end - incl. design, implementation, analysis and communication. Youll be responsible for drawing detailed and actionable conclusions
Own dashboards and build new tools to improve the visibility of key metrics to track Glovo Primes performance. Youll need to ensure these tools are scalable and up-to-date
Understand and deep-dive into the data to find the root causes and the levers we can act upon to improve KPIs (and be accountable for them)
Actively collaborate with your colleagues (Product managers, Data analyst, CRM and local Growth teams) and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference
Contribute towards the continuous growth of Glovo Prime through out-of-the-box thinking

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE


Bachelors degree in Math, Engineering, Stats, Economics or quantitative field
1-3 years of prior experience in a data-driven environment delivering actionable insights
Ninja expertise with Excel  Google Sheets is a must
Advanced SQL is mandatory. Proficiency is a plus
Skilled in Python, R or similar is a plus
Experience working with large data sets
Ease in learning fast and adapting yourself to different business situations
Problem solver and results-driven, with a can-do attitude. You have the ability to work independently and have outstanding stakeholder management skills
Great communicator and people skills
Fluent spoken and written English


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
