About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
As a Partner Growth Senior Analyst at Glovo, your primary responsibility will be to develop and execute strategies to grow Glovos partners performance and drive revenue.
Be a part of a team where you will:


Partner growth strategy: You will be responsible for developing and executing a comprehensive partner growth strategy, which includes setting targets, identifying new partnership opportunities, and developing plans to increase partner engagement and revenue.

Promotions and budgets: You will be responsible for developing promotional calendar and allocate budgets to drive partner engagement and revenue growth. You will own briefing and partner pitching process (brief format, AM partner insights). Ensure smooth AM execution of promos. This includes working with cross-functional teams such as Growth and Operations to develop and execute effective promotions.
Revenue stream management: You will be responsible for forecasting revenue and identifying potential opportunities for revenue growth. This includes analyzing data, price setting for Glovo assets and identifying trends to develop revenue forecasts for Glovos partner network.
New tool implementation: You will be responsible for implementing new tools and resources that will help the Account Management team to optimize partner performance and drive growth.
Reporting and analytics: You will be responsible for providing regular reports on Partners segment performance, revenue forecasting, promotions efficiency and the effectiveness of the partner growth strategy. You will also need to analyze data to identify trends and make data-driven recommendations for improvements.

 
You have:


Bachelors degree in Economic, Business, Marketing, or a related field.


3-5 years of experience in marketing, business analytics, partner management, business development, or a related field.

Strong analytical skills and experience working with data to identify trends and opportunities.
Experience developing and executing promotional campaigns and budgets.
Strong project management skills and ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.

Ability to work independently or cross-functional and take initiative.


Fluency in English and Ukrainian.


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
