If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

 Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

 Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
 
YOUR MISSION
Tracking  Reviews Experience Teams mission is to deliver an exceptional end-to-end tracking experience for customers on our marketplace. As a team with a big scope and a large engineering force, we take ownership of 13 of the customer app and develop solutions for huge projects that are under the leaderships close watch.
We specialize in optimizing geo-related processes such as highlighting addresses and ensuring that our rating and reviews systems are top-notch. Our team is dedicated to providing a seamless order tracking experience, from the moment a customer places an order to its delivery.
 
THE JOURNEY

You will shape the strategy for the team along with defining key metrics and goals, setting team OKRs, driving the team vision and direction
Create a thoughtful roadmap to deliver and iterate on your vision at every release.
Set ambitious objectives for your engineering team, motivate them to embrace your strategy, and create greatl experiences for our customers. 
Work closely with Data and UX to define the best possible paths to solve problems based on data and full analysis.

 
WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

3 years delivering highly successful and innovative products
Experience with testing and analytics (one of our Product Principles is to Test from Day 1).
Ability to work effectively with a UX research and design team and define expectations, focus and timelines.
Leadership  stakeholder management - you can motivate your teammates to build amazing products. Youre great at making tough decisions in a sea of ambiguity and keeping everyone on track. 
Proven ability to lead cross-functional teams of engineers, designers and analysts towards a common objective.
Technical know-how — you have a solid understanding of how software is made and how it works.
Superb communication in English — you have excellent written and verbal English communication skills. You make complex ideas understandable and craft specs that are easy for multiple audiences to consume.

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

 
Here in Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into  our culture by taking a peek at our  Instagram and check out  our Linkedin and website!