If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride.
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone.
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together.
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique?
 Our culture and strong values.

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do!
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift!
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way. We also celebrate the wins (a lot!).
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work.

Our career development philosophy.

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential.
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams!
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope.

Our commitment to being a force for good.

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact.
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives.
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION:
We are the leading delivery player in Spain, and the way we want to grow is making every city and every vertical profitable. To reach this goal we need a 360, analytical and results driven person to take ownership of our Finance in one of our verticals function in Spain. The time to market is a crucial factor, so we need a problem-solver person with a 100 hands-on attitude.
THE JOURNEY:

Report into Head of Finance  Strategy, Spain and be part of the Finance  Strategy Team in Spain to help us take decisions that will shape the future of our business in the country
Take ownership of the FPA and controlling functions (Business Plan, monthly closings, etc) both at a country and regional level
Lead and participate in finance related projects in order to improve our processes and data reliability
Team with MFCs (Glovos own Supermarkets) department to drive financial discipline and improve overall profitability, maximizing outputs
Work closely with Global Finance Teams (Billing, Treasury, Accounts Payable, Accounting, etc) to solve any day-to-day issues and ensure a 100 satisfaction of Spains customers, partners in any topic related to Finance
Work with cross-functional teams (operations, marketing, finance, procurement) to ensure a profitable and flawless execution, and to develop profitability analysis for new ideasbusinesses 
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

What You Will Bring To The Ride:

Advanced English and Spanish
Educational background in Economics, Business, Finance, Engineering or similar
Advanced level in Microsoft Excel  Google Sheets is a must
Relevant experience in similar roles  area
Previous strategyoperations consulting background is a plus
Experience in controllingFPA is a plus
SQL, Power BI, Python programming is a plus
Proficient Looker knowledge
Analytical and 360 mindset
Hands-on and autonomous 
Ability to influence stakeholders in order to help achieve your goals
Highly motivated in the world of start-ups and new technologies
Problem solver and data-driven
Organized and strong attention to detail
Ability to prioritize and meeting deadlines
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
We Believe Driven Talent Deserves

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.
Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard.
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life?
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!