About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
We are one of the fastest growing startups in Europe and the way we want to grow is making every city profitable!  To reach this goal, we need a 360, analytical and results driven person to take ownership of our Strategy   Finance function in Ivory Coast  Ghana. At Glovo,  we work hard and we love what we do. If you are a problem-solver person with a 100 hands-on attitude, looking for an energizing work environment with big ideas wed love to have you on our team!
Be a part of a team where you will:
 

Be the General Managers right-hand in any strategic and finance decision
Define jointly with the General Manager the long term goals of the countries
Set and review quarterly country and department targets based on long term goals
Implement current corporate strategy throughout the annual planning cycle both at country and city level
Work with cross-functional teams (operations, marketing, finance, procurement and commercial) to ensure a profitable and flawless execution, and to develop profitability analysis for new ideasbusinesses
Study the viability - reports of investmentsprojects, strategic reorientation, etc
Lead cross functional projects to improve profitability
Analyze business performance and measure KPIs, identifying issues and potential improvement opportunities
Prepare and present monthly, quarterly and annual finance and accounting reports and analysis (PL and BS).
Work closely with Global Finance Teams (Billing, Treasury, Accounting etc) to solve any day-to-day issues and ensure a 100 satisfaction of Ivory Coast or Ghanas customers, partners and couriers in any topic related to finance
Manage treasury function and ensure optimal cash flow
Coordinate the preparation of Financial Statements
Lead the relationship with third parties: external auditors, administrations, external consultants,
Analyze of procedures and external audit - Contributing to the continuous improvement of the processes promoting solutions to possible problems detected and reduce manual tasks
Optimize the fiscal policy of the company: VAT tax knowledge, IIBB Multilateral Agreement
Have a full team of 3 HC reporting into you
Report into the General Manager with a dotted line to the Africa Head of Finance  Strategy.

Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


You have: 
 

4 years of work experience in consulting, investment banking, corporate finance within a leading company providing teams with the necessary data to make the right decisions  leading major projects 
Strong understanding of business strategy, implementation and project management
Advanced English
Strong analytical skills, goal-oriented, and teamwork
Hands-on and autonomous
Solid knowledge of accounting and finance
Ability to influence stakeholders in order to help achieve your goals

An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan 


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
