ABOUT GLOVO:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you with the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels included and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc.).
Your work-life opportunity:
The Courier Cluster is responsible for providing the best possible experience for our couriers, and making sure that we have the right number of engaged couriers available at any given time. As part of the cluster you will be working on the projects that help us onboard, retain and reward our couriers in the best possible way.
BE A PART OF A TEAM WHERE YOU WILL:


Work on challenging problems and constantly improve the usability of our applications


Work in a cross-functional team working closely with backend engineers


Develop software using modern engineering approaches and agile principles


Make our technology and our team scale as the business grows


Own your deliverables from start to finish


Deliver high-quality solutions


Participate in the teams life and contribute to decision-making


Take part in product-experimentation


Mentor and empower other developers around you


 YOU HAVE:


Computer Science or similar degree


5 years of relevant full-time experience


Strong Kotlin and Java skills


Deep knowledge of Android SDK


Understanding of reactive programming (RxJava) and Kotlin coroutines


Good understanding Jetpack Compose


Good understanding of Dependency Injection and related tools (Dagger or Hilt)


Extensive knowledge of object-oriented programming and software architecture


Ability to write good unit tests is a must, being experienced with UI testing is highly valued


Analytical and problem-solving skills


Vivid interest in at least one area outside of coding (architecture, algorithms, optimization, automation, scalability, etc.)


Great communication skills in English (verbal and written)


 NICE-TO-HAVES:


Participation in open source projects


UI Testing experience


REST API and HTTP protocols


Experience designing  architecting concurrent code focusing on performance


Knowledge of the observer pattern as used in FluxRedux applications.


EXPERIENCE OUR GLOVO LIFE BENEFITS:


Enticing Shares plan


Attractive Relocation package


Comprehensive Private Health Insurance


Cobee discounts on kindergarten, transportation, and food


Free monthly Glovo credits to spend on our restaurant products (and zero Glovo delivery fee on all Glovo orders!)


Cool perks such as fresh fruit and healthy snacks every day, beers on Fridays, Culture Days every 2 months!


Discounted Gym memberships


Flexible working environment


WHAT YOULL FIND WHEN WORKING AT GLOVO:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!
Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. 
For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com