About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
Elevate your career by taking on the ambitious challenge of achieving delivery times of less than 35 minutes in some of the worlds most intricate cities. At Glovo, we present an exhilarating opportunity for a data-centric, analytical expert who thrives on precision and continually seeks ways to enhance our courier and restaurant partner performance. With unrestricted access to vast data resources, youll empower innovative decision-making. Additionally, youll collaborate with a world-class tech team capable of translating your operational recommendations for the country into efficient, real-world solutions.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Analyze data to spot trends and develop effective strategies for on-demand operations.
Take charge of Croatias forecasting process, scheduling, and courier incentives to enhance customer experiences.
Understand the significance of our key KPIs (Delivery Time, Cancellations, Efficiency, Cost per order).
Gain a deep grasp of our business goals, strategies, and industry context.


Identify KPI interdependencies and their impact on performance.
Manage projects focused on enhancing customer experience, meeting deadlines and resource allocation.
Act as a primary point of contact, ensuring alignment with RegionalGlobal Ops Teams.
Collaborate cross-functionally to pinpoint process improvements and innovate workflows.
Design, document, and implement processes for efficiency and effectiveness.
Continuously refine processes to align with organizational goals.
Lead or contribute to project teams, tracking milestones, and proactively addressing issues.
Coordinate with stakeholders (Operations, Marketing, Strategy) on forecast strategies.
Adjust forecast parameters based on local inputs like marketing strategies and seasonality.
Analyze forecast performance to identify business opportunities.
Define and manage projects in collaboration with stakeholders.
Develop tools to improve forecast accuracy, impacting operational metrics and PL.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

2-3 years of experience in analytical roles with a proven track record of translating insights into actionable strategies. Experience in on-demand industries is a plus.
Strong passion for analytics, demonstrated by your enthusiasm for problem-solving, root cause analysis, and data trend identification.
Proficiency in using analytical tools, such as pivot tables, to drive data-informed decision-making.
A knack for identifying opportunities for process improvement in various aspects.
Exceptional verbal and written communication skills with the ability to compile comprehensive reports.
Proactive and highly organized with a keen eye for detail.
Possess an empathetic, inclusive, and curious attitude.
Bachelors degree in Engineering, Economics, or a related technological or business field.
Proficiency in ExcelGoogle Sheets is essential.
Experience working in a BI tool, such as Tableau, Looker, etc. 
SQL proficiency is a plus.
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
