About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:

As part of the Sales team you will be directly responsible for partnering with both smaller local stores and bigger brands to display them on our Glovo platform. You will work with the support of other sales executives and be part of a local cross-functional team.
As a Glovo Sales Executive, you will be a key representative of our companys sales team, responsible for creating a pipeline of and signing up local stores and corporate customers around the cities of your region. In some cases they will be existing cities that will need you focussing on increasing content or figure out the best restaurants in town and convince them to join our platform; in some others you will have to build our portfolios of restaurants and partners from scratch in a matter of weeks and subsequently grow them to ensure enough content quality in the city.
Be a part of a team where you will:


Identify the most trendy establishments in your cities in categories such as restaurants, snacks, fashion, cosmetics, electronics, florists,...
Always be aware of, and be passionate about, the coolest places, events and products in your city
Be responsible for the whole sales process of visibility assets with current partners to find and negotiate the best products adapted to their needs and according to their cities.
Meet monthly and quarterly objectives defined by the company
Daily report with the tasks executed (calls and visits)
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


You have:


Native level of Spanish
Proactive, organised, and obsessed with detail and accuracy
Have excellent communication skills. Detail oriented, strong grammar and writing skills
Socially active. Have good relationships in your city and have an ability to empathise with new people you meet
Self-starter who is able to work in a highly demanding environment (impossible is not Glovo, you make everything happen)
Overachieving targets is a must
Minimum 1 year of experience in Sales  key contacts in the industry is a plus
Bachelor in Business Administration, Marketing or Public Relations is a plus
Computer literate; good knowledge of Google Docs and MS Office
Experience in Sales andor using Salesforce will be valued
Experience in a high-growth digital startup business is a plus
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you! 
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
