About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:

Join us as a Glover Specialist and become a key member of Glovos local support team! We offer a challenging and dynamic environment with many opportunities for learning and development.

Be a part of a team where you will:

Assist couriers on a diverse range of topics, varying from app. functionalities to payments and other topics they face on a day to day basis. 
Be responsible for implementing processes and optimizing strategies involving the acquisition and retention of the couriers.
Provide logistic support regarding the distribution of the seasonal work equipment.
Be involved in setting and achieving the onboarding targets in the designated cities, while making sure that the overall operation performance is met.
Manage scheduling, attendance and the general administration of Info-Sessions while supporting daily operations through operational supervision and analysis of KPIs
Communicate effectively with the local Operations Manager on customer support processes and operations
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

Good communicator with ability and agility to solve problems
Being highly motivated to work for a fast-growing startup
Basic Excel and Data Interpretation Skills
Enjoy learning and adapting to new technologies
Have initiative, be proactive and autonomous - Glovo is also yours!
Have good energy and like what you do, even on bad days
Fluent in English
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Top-notch private health insurance

Monthly meal tickets and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!

In person support (9:00-18:00, with 1h lunch break)

Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
