About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
We are looking for a proactive and positive Office Manager to organise and coordinate administration duties and office procedures in Warsaw but also supporting the Warsaw office on the daily running.Your role is to create and maintain a pleasant work environment, ensure high levels of organisational effectiveness, communication and safety and organise our great cultural events. In addition,  ensure the smooth running of the office, help to improve company procedures and day-to-day operation. Check this video to understand how life is at Glovo.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Own all of the office operations and procedures. Including, but not limited to:

Workspace arrangement  maintenance
Office supply management
Updating of office policies
Internal communication

Participate in the onboarding process of new joiners.
Coordinate the set up of IT equipment along with the IT department.
Liaise with external vendors including: Co-working space providers, benefits providers, courier services.
Manage contract and price negotiations with office vendors and service providers.
Work closely with other departments to ensure a first class employee experience at Glovo.
Plan and organise in-house or off-site activities, like parties, celebrations and summits.
Office administration related document  invoice flow processing.
Partner with HR to update and maintain office policies and employee documentation  as necessary
Cooperate with our HS Analyst on securing a safe work environment.
Support  mentor our Jr. Office Manager.
Provide general support to visitors.
Develop a career in Human Resources
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

At least 3 years of proven experience as an Office Manager, Project Manager or Event Manager for teams larger than 100 people.
Knowledge and experience with office administration related processes, systems.
Fluent in Polish and English languages in order to be able to communicate with our customers, team and guests
Experience in managing large scale projects and  or initiatives.
Excellent time management skills  ability to multitask and prioritise work.
Attention to detail and strong problem solving skills - thinking outside the box.
Good understand of MS Office  (MS Excel, Powerpoint  and MS Outlook, in particular)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong organisational and planning skills in a fast-paced environment.
A creative mind with a proactive approach to suggest improvements.
Good sense of humour and positive vibe is a must
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Enticing equity plan (if applicable)
Top-notch private health insurance
Life insurance
Bookable parking spot
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Free  gym memberships in Q22 and Multisports Card
Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit
External learning budget
English  Spanish classes 1x  week

What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
