 
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
Back in the past Glovo only connected 3 main parties (Couriers, Customers, and Partner companies) through a renewed sense of synergy, that rolled out back in 2022, a strategic hub for brands has emerged. Its vision is to help brands develop in the e-commerce sector thanks to Glovos existing resources. With Brands Ads we provide a diverse range of tools to support brands in their growth and bring them closer to their customers. 
The Brands ads department embodies both marketing and sales competencies. We are a cross functional division that focuses on creating and demonstrating value that Glovo has to the Brands (FMCG, CPG, etc)  that can benefit from our marketing tools.
Our main goal is to boost our Partner Brands sales among the constantly growing Glovos user base. We focus on bringing incremental profits to the company via various brand campaigns we craft and sell to the Bands.
We are looking for passionate, creative marketers with a strong sales spirit or marketing-curious sales top dogs to join Glovo Brands ads division! 
THE JOURNEY


Drive sales of Glovo Brands ads to the Brand Partners


Fully understand your partners and make recommendations of marketing activities, data services, consumer insight analysis and sales boosters


Help FMCGCPG companies boost their sales with the support of Glovos Marketing services you may provide.


Fully understand your partners and make recommendations of marketing activities, data services, consumer insight analysis and sales boosters.


Develop short  long term marketing  sales strategy for partners within the app


Coordinate across departments to execute best in class activities.


Analyze and report impact of activations to brands and to Glovo business.


Build success stories which helps roll-out the partnerships strategy across categories and countries.


Meet monthly and quarterly objectives dened by the company.


Report quarterly results and key learnings  implications which will dene
the next quarter plan.


Analyze and report impact of activations to brands and to Glovo business


Build success stories which helps roll-out the partnerships strategy across categories and countries


Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

At least 2 years of Marketing or Sales experience at a leading Consumer Goods company, retail or e-commerce business
Highly analytical and comfortable dealing with high growth and complex business challenges
Experience on executing integrated marketing campaigns or promotion plans across digital and non-digital channels
Experience in project management
A deep understanding of paid, owned and earned media channels, being comfortable tracking and reporting on established performance marketing KPIs
Strong skills in Office, especially in Excel
Excellent communication skills, both oral and verbal, in English and Georgian is a must
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 