If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
Not your usual app.
We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
Content Operations is a branch of the Operations team that is responsible for:

Creation and onboarding of all the new partners on our App
Updating the partners-related content during their Life in Glovo
Updating the content on the App based on the marketing campaigns and promotions

The Content Operations Lead manages the local Content Operations processes in 3 countries: Ukraine, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan. They are responsible for ensuring the best partner onboarding experience, facilitating the communication between the local Glovo teams and the content provider and collaborates with Glovo HQ to implement global strategies and processes in the market. This involves improving and monitoring the content teams  performance, implementing improvements, and adapting workflows to the fast paced environment.
Main Stakeholders in this position include: Global Content Operations, Local Commercial team: Sales  AMs, Local Partner Operations and External provider or InternalFreelancer agents (Depending on the model).
THE JOURNEY

Train, coach, assist, supervise, evaluate and provide feedback to the local teams andor provider
Manage a team of 25 people
Execute local  global strategic decisions
Lead App content quality and ensure high level content and partner activation on our marketplace
Be the main point of contact and manage the relationship between the local Glovo teams and the content provider
Assure quality and efficiency of the Content Operations processes
Monitor the achievements of performance metrics on the Activation Funnel and Content Maintenance tasks (Related with speed, quality and budget)
Analyze the third-party provider performances by monitoring the SalesforceKustomerAdmin workflows and following up on corrective actions if needed
Propose and deploy processes for improving speed, quality in the country by coming up with and implementing creative and scalable solutions
Track, control, and report Invoicing and working hours of providers, find ways to keep the costs lean through accurate forecasting
Manage request for Content changesupdates and assure they are processed within the agreed SLAs
Coordinate content-related projects with other departments and the provider
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

 
WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE
MUST-HAVES:

Full verbal and written proficiency in English and Russian
Extensive experience of managing large operational teams and BPOs
Strong strategic and customer focus with a clear understanding of performance evaluation and customer service metrics.
Strong analytical skills with track record of of exceeding targets, KPIs SLAs in fast paced environments
Solid understanding of reporting and budgeting procedures
Determination to get things done: no job is too big or too small
Excellence communication skills and stakeholder management
Ability to motivate and communicate with others at all levels
Being problem solver, data-driven with an analytical approach
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

NICE-TO-HAVES:

Salesforce experience is a big plus
Project management experience is a big plus

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
