
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.

YOUR MISSION:
Glovo is looking for a talented and ambitious Account Manager trainee in Country. Are you looking for a challenging experience in one of the fastest growing Startups in Europe? Do you want to contribute to building a product that will disrupt the On demand market? 
THE JOURNEY:




Support the Partner Business Leader with all aspects of the Client Implementation and the daily Operational running of the team


Onboard new partners on our platform by providing them all the necessary tools and information to start working


Gather all the insights from our partners to create an amazing experience for them and our customers, tackle through problems to raise the bar


Get feedback from our stores and translate it into product improvement


Maintain good relationship between Glovo and our partners


Forecast and track key account metrics


Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference




What You Bring To The Ride:



Availability for 6 months full-time internship


Up to 1 year of work experience in a sales or marketing field (preferred)


Data-driven profile


Proactivity, organization and obsession with details


Strong business acumen


Developed communication skills


Excellent knowledge of Google Docs and MS Office, Excel


Bachelors degree in business, marketing or sales


Proficiency in (Local Language) and English


Experience with Salesforce would be an advantage 


An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude



We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you! 
We Believe Driven Talent Deserves:



Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being. 
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized. 
 Paid internship




What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
