If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
Your work-life opportunity:
Reporting into HQ Director, you will play a key role in managing the business from the People perspective of a number of teams and sub-departments.
You will be responsible to bring to life the People vision, deploy people strategy, support business needs with a high bar approach, challenging the status quo and building a strong relationship with your internal clients.
Long-term strategy and Business and objectives typically guide this role. Must work cross functional with local and global HR teams in centers of excellence and operations  solutions and will focus on all areas of Human Resources activity within a large section of the organization.
You will be the main point of contact for  senior leadership across the organization, providing both expert strategic thinking and leadership skills, working directly with the directors and VPs of the assigned areas.
 
 Be a part of a team where you will:


Partner with the leaders in the team, always aligned with People processes, to translate strategic objectives into project delivery


Coaches, supports, mentors and challenges business leaders in the application of HR policies and practices, provides advice and direction on sophisticated HR issues.


Guide your team to build strategic initiatives through the generation of relevant data and analysis


Lead growth projects within the teams you support as well as reorganizations according to business needs.


Own the Strategic workforce planning activities.


Partner with the client areas leadership to identify business needs aligned with organization plans and team growth (structure, costs)  and partner with the People Acquisition team to ensure and enable the correct recruitment process.


Ensure development is a key topic in Glovo, making it a core topic at the leadership level within the client teams. Ensure the performance review process with high-quality discussion, and implement and manage career path for key roles and secure succession planning


Support the business to identify mid and long-term capability needs, in order to implement a learning and development process and ensure a continuous learning environment


Maintain a strong focus on employee relations, monitor employee engagement, and retention activities


 
You have:


Bachelors degree or higher in Business Administration or related fields

Previous experience as a People Partner or HRBP role

A business first attitude 

Experience navigating complex scenarios, acting as an advisor for senior leadership stakeholders

Experience in highly demanding environments and in a similar role for more than 7 years


Experience in startups will be highly valued, either by having directly worked in a similar company or managing a new project unit in a larger organization

Great analytical skills, data-driven mindset

Excellent interpersonal communication skills at all levels


Fluency in English, perfect verbal and written communication - Spanish a plus


Knowledge in Spanish employment and labor law is a strong plus


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!