About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
The Work-life opportunity: 
Your work-life opportunity:
As part of the Romanian Partners department, you will play a key role by leading processes, projects and business insights to grow our partners and Glovo at the same time. You will be part of the Commercial team working with the Head of Commercial.
Glovo wants to boost our partners growth giving them the opportunity to be in the best delivery platform with the best services. You will be the owner of maximizing the growth performance in our app through promotions and retention plans, reaching the balance between supply and demand. 
As part of the Commercial team, you will be helping to define the promos strategy with business decisions and insights sharing. You should identify bottlenecks to increase our teams performance and help our partners to grow. You will support the Commercial team, maximizing partners portfolios. 
Be a part of a team where you will:

Lead projects from 0 to 100;
Be the 360 promos specialist for Partners growth at Glovo, leading strategic analysis for partnerships, promotions and retention across all Romanian partners;
Report directly to the Head of Commercial being his strategic mindset when analyzing local market situations;
In conjunction with country Glovo leadership and Growth strategy, developing and delivering a range of promotions initiatives that drive engagement, awareness, cross-sell and retention;
Lead the profitability analysis for promos and growth initiatives;
Develop analysis to identify main problems and improvement opportunities on our local processes;
Leverage data to identify the best segments for partners promos campaigns;
Provide recommendations on performance frequently, including setting KPIs and benchmarks;
Coordinate with Data Analysts in order to improve the efficiency of our processes
Lead the daily management of the promotions created  strategy and content;
Compile regular reports of campaign performance and results;
Understanding Conversion Rates (CR), employing strategies and tactics to enhance performance;
Able to lead, manage and collaborate with international and cross-functional teams as well as multiple stakeholders on complex topics;

YOU HAVE:

Minimum 5 years of business experience in Marketing analytics, Trade Marketing, Sales Operations or similar;
Experience in project management and juggling with priorities and projects under pressure and willing to go the extra mile;
High ExcelGoogle Sheets level;
Great data analysis (knowing SQL is highly valuable) skills;
Strong understanding business problems, defining solutions and implementing them fast;
Hands-on attitude;
Great communication and stakeholder management skills;
Fluent English;
Strong analytical and strategic skills, understanding of AB testing practices, ability to draw conclusions from data and act accordingly.

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Meal tickets
Comprehensive Private Health Insurance
Zero Glovo delivery fee on all Glovo orders
Cool perks such as fresh fruit and healthy snacks every day, beers on Fridays, Culture Days
Flexible working environment

What youll find when working at Glovo:

Gas: We work hard with energy and passion for what we do.
Care: We act in the best interest of a sustainable future.
Good vibes: We always see the positive side in every situation and act with fairness and honesty with everyone.
Stay humble: We embrace mistakes and feedback to learn from them.
Glownership: We roll up our sleeves and get work done no matter our position and level.

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
 