Android Tech Lead - Customer (They, She, He)
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. A ride that will fuel your ambitions and make a difference in peoples lives. At Glovo, we believe in paving the way forward together!
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia, where we operate in 3000 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
Provide the best food discovery experience to our users through outstanding user experience across the customer journey to achieve and maintain clear and profitable leadership in food in our markets.
THE JOURNEY

Design and lead the architectural solutions, including observability and testing, for two teams of Android engineers in the Food Group.
Foster an MVP mindset and encourage the use of best practices by all Android engineers in the Food Group by mentoring and providing guidance through pair programming and meaningful PR reviews.
Be part of the team responsible for providing a great user experience in the applications homepage categories and widgets, the search functionality and all features related to the store list presented to the users including filtering and sorting. 
Work closely with product managers, designers, backend and data engineers  to prioritize the most impactful product enhancements and ensure engineering needs are also being worked on.
Make sure your team is building things the right way and always keeping quality at the forefront of what you do.
Be the representative for the Food Group in the Platform organization
Lead by example and motivate your team while bringing in new ideas on how to improve their way of working, participate in initiatives and sparking discussions

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

A degree in Computer ScienceSoftware Engineering or relevant experience
Demonstrated experience in  coachingmentoring engineers 
At least 7 years of experience in a software engineering role and agile environment
You have delivered on complex, large scale projects
You are data-driven, self-motivated and understand the importance of owning the work you do and its quality
Your can communicate in a simple manner complex concepts
Experience with Jetpack compose and viewmodel, Kotlin coroutines and serialization, dependency injection tools (Dagger, Hilt or similar), UI testing, observability tools (Datadog or similar)
You have the technical chops to design  architect systems that are scalable and maintainable and thrive on seeing good, high-quality deliverable


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here in Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!