If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual Graduate program. Just as we are not your usual app, our Graduate Program is not your typical career beginning.
 
We are the fastest-growing multi-category delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia, operating in over 3000 cities across 25 countries. Our 200k merchants annually generate over 4B in sales, while more than 20M customers experience the convenience of getting their goods delivered in minutes.
 
Our vision extends beyond deliveries; its about revolutionizing the way people connect with their everyday needs. As a graduate at Glovo, youll play a pivotal role in this transformation. We empower you with innovative solutions powered by technology, enabling you to contribute to our ecosystem of users and shape the future of on-demand services.
 
With us, every day is filled with purpose. Our Graduate Program will be your gateway to an exciting, challenging, and impactful journey. Together, well create opportunities, drive innovation, and inspire change, as we embark on this ride of your life! 
 
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
You will be working in our 3 core departments: marketing, q-commerce and international and spend 18 months (6 months rotation in each department) building the core skills of becoming the next leader at Glovo. 
THE JOURNEY
Youll be at the forefront of innovation and strategy development. Your responsibilities will encompass:

Q-Commerce Insights  Dive into the world of Quick Commerce and leverage data-driven insights to optimize marketing strategies.

 

Operational Excellence   Analyze operations and micro-fulfillment center (MFC) processes, contributing to the seamless flow of goods.

 

Category Management  Work alongside our experts in category management to shape product offerings and customer experiences.

 

Performance Management  Collaborate with our commercial teams to measure and enhance performance across the board.

 

Account Management  Join our Prime team, specializing in Consumer Discounts, Pricing, and Customer Relationship Management (CRM). Learn how to develop strategies at the headquarters level and apply them in the field.

 
This dual-track experience is designed to provide you with a comprehensive understanding of how global strategies are crafted and executed. Youll be part of a dynamic environment, surrounded by professionals and mentors, dedicated to your growth and development. 
 
WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

Your eagerness and gas to start a ride in the industry and embrace the challenges! 
Effective Communication (English  ideally 1 more other language) 
You have completed your degree in the past 18 months or youre currently on the thrilling Marketing, Business Administration, Economics or  STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math) journey. 
Strong data analytics skills 
Problem-Solving Acumen and proactive approach to innovation. 
Willingness to learn and adapt to various roles.
Strategic Thinking in holistic and HQ-level strategy development.
Cross-Cultural Awareness - appreciation of diverse perspectives.
You are available to start in September 2024

 
In addition to these skills, youll bring excellent communication, a passion for learning and collaboration, and a commitment to diversity and inclusion in our multicultural setting. Ready to shape the future? Apply now!
 
Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 Top-notch learning experience that will fuel your career and enhance your professional and personal growth 
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

 
Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!