About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:
We are looking for a talented and passionate Engineering Manager to join the Data Platform Cluster.
Glovo has a culture of data-driven decision-making, and demands data that is timely, accurate, and actionable. Were growing really fast, collecting Terabytes of data from tens of data sources and providing interfaces for our internal customers to access and query the data hundreds of thousands of times per day.
In the Data Integrations Team you will be focused on building and constantly improving the Developer Journey for Glovos reliable and scalable Data Platforms, focusing on ingestion of different types of sources and integration to others, including streaming data products. This team will have an immediate influence on how our Developers use the platform as they develop new Data Products.
Be part of a team where you will:


Lead a team of 5-8 Software and Data Engineers and be responsible for the growth and happiness of the team members.


Be accountable for all things in your team including delivery of projects, quality of the implemented solutions, hiring and the performance of your team.


Provide bottom-line ownership for your systems and software.


Work closely with the product manager of your team to prioritize the right things and ensure engineering needs are also being worked on.


Make sure your team is building things the right way and always keeping quality at the forefront of what you do.


Be the contact point for your team and ensure you shield your team from distractions while still keeping them informed of the priorities.


Lead by example and motivate your team while bringing in new ideas on how to improve their way of working.


You have:


Demonstrated experience (ideally 2 years) in leading teams and coachingmentoring engineers, with a People-first managing style.


Technical background in Data Engineering  Data Platforms domains.

Technical expertise within Platform Software Architecture design.

Proven record of technical Expertise as a Software Architect in Platform Engineering.


You are a problem-solver by nature and can help the team in technical and architecture design choices.


Good spoken and written English is a must (as it is our official language).


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Competitive Pay and Enticing Equity plan 


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products 


Zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders! 


Discounted gym memberships 


Flexible time off (take the time you need) 


Flexible working model - Combining 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support


Wellbeing via free online therapy and emotional support solutions 


External learning opportunities 


Office fun activities from drinks to cinema nights! 


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
At Glovo we believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!
 
Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. As of 2020, were currently present in more than 22 countries across Europe, Latin America, Africa, and Asia. 
For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:jobs.glovoapp.comencareers
 