About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa and Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.Our vision and ambition are not only to give everyone easy access to everything in their city, but it is also to offer our employees the job of their lives. A job where youll be challenged and have the most fun working in through tech-enabled experiences.
Your work-life opportunity:
The way we want to grow is making every city profitable!!! To reach this goal we need a 360, analytical and results driven person to manage our Finance function in the country. We are in a startup where the time to market is a crucial factor, so we want a problem-solver person with hands-on attitude.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Be part of the Finance Team in the region, and help them taking decisions that will shape the future of our business in the country
Take ownership of the FPA and controlling functions (Business Plan, monthly closings, etc) both at a country and city-levels
Team with Strategy department to drive financial discipline and improve overall profitability, maximizing outputs
Work closely with Global Finance Teams (Billing, Treasury, etc) to solve any day-to-day issues and ensure a 100 satisfaction of Iberias customers, partners and glovers in any topic related to Finance
Work with a cross-functional team (operations, marketing, finance, procurement) to ensure a profitable and flawless execution
Work with countrys senior management to develop profitability analysis for new ideasbusinesses
Report into the Country Lead and Regional Finance Manager
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

Minimum 2-3 years of experience in strategy consultinginvestment bankingcontrollingFPA
Analytical and 360 mindset
Hands-on and autonomous
Ability to influence stakeholders in order to help achieve your goals
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
