About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:

We are looking for an accountant, to undertake all accounting activity for different companies and partner with the business to ensure that the requirements are being met whilst at the same time ensuring that Glovo meets all its internal and external reporting and control requirements.

Be a part of a team where you will:

Maintain companys accounting books according to the statutory regulations.
Complete General Accounting activity and posting of accruals as required as a part of the monthly financial reporting process
Complete assigned accounting activities to support the monthly, quarterly and annual close processes
Review income statement and balance sheet discrepancies and escalate to management if necessary
Conducts General Audit of all Accounting Ledgers on a regular basis.
Assist with external audits
Responsible for complying with local requirements related to tax and accounting
Ensures accurate and timely Financial statements to be submitted to the Group.
Handle tax accounting according to tax legislation.
Ensure that all VAT accounts reflect the prevailing business nature.
Follow the changes in company policy, tax regulations and legislation.
Provide full tax support to partners.
Check all original documents (contracts, acts, VAT declarations, etc.) for the company interest.
Ensure all accountingfinancial Policies and Procedures are adopted in line with prevailing legislation.
Ensuring compliance with GAAP principles
Control and confirm all the invoices received and issued through the invoicing platform
Operate within a robust and internal control environment

Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


You have:

Bachelors Degree from related departments (Economics, Business Administration, Accounting, etc...)
2 years of applicable accounting work experience in Accounting for multinational companies
Thorough knowledge of accounting principles and procedures
Excellent analytical skills with a thorough knowledge of accounting principles to analyze financial reports
Advanced MS Excel skills including VLOOKUPs and pivot tables
Good understanding of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAPIFRS) 
A strong command over English with an ability to understand and communicate clearly and effectively
Experience with general ledger functions and the month-endyear-end closing process
Familiarity with financial statements
Experience using Microsoft DynamicsNavision or other general ledger packages is a plus
A good capacity for adaptation
A sense of business  pragmatic analysis
A good organization  planning skills
An analytical way of thinking

An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Flexible time off (take the time you need)


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
