About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:
In the Q-CommerceGroceries team, we believe that, by giving a WOW service to our partners, we will be able to change the on-demand delivery market. How are we doing this? By paying attention to small details. Glovo is a hyper-local marketplace featuring the most trendy places in each city and delivers their products in less than 30 mins. An Account Manager - Groceries, you will be a key role in developing the groceries business.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Onboard new partners on our platform by providing them all the necessary tools and information to start working

Be responsible for our partners business performance, analyse their main KPIs and ensure growth MoM. Track and reporting of performance metrics


Lead contract renegotiations to establish a strong working partnership grounded on sustainable economics for both parties


Get feedback from our partners and translate it into product, marketing and operations improvement


Own partners assortment  category management


Be responsible of closing groceries deals along with the sales team leader


Prepare reports and dashboards to present to groceries partners and use as source of operational improvements


You have:


2 years of experience in Account Management andor Business Consultant.


Analytical mindset


Problem solver, look for the root-cause of the problem and go for it till make things happen.


Perfect written and spoken communication


Customer obsession


Proactive, organized, and obsessed with details


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
 
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
