About Glovo:

If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together.
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.

YOUR MISSION:
You will be responsible for building and developing partnerships with restaurants, and growing their number on the platform while leading your team to deliver aggressive sales and growth targets.
In this role, you will be part of the commercial leadership team for Glovo, working closely with the HQ team. 
Were looking for someone who has a mix of operational excellence to get great work done, the negotiation and collaboration skills needed to bring out the best in our partners, and the strategic, innovative, and creative thinking thats required to develop outside the box solutions, and the emotional intelligence and humility required to lead a fast-paced business and inspire a team of people across different cities.
THE JOURNEY:

Define and implement a long-term commercial strategy for Romania
Help local teams build a partner portfolio, create new business opportunities, and initiate partnership collaborations
Build processes to scale the commercial effort without compromising the quality or support of each country in the region
Lead your direct and indirect team to greatness - hire top talents, help them perform, grow and develop as professionals
Guide the local commercial teams in order to achieve sales targets and maintain good relationships with our partners
Work hard with your direct team and indirect, helping and guiding them during difficult negotiations to close important deals with top chains and top accounts.
Drive, structure, analyze and channel daily work and information with local Commercial Managers - setting goals, delegating, and supervising the teams performance
Work closely with our HQ Commercial department to define commissions, rewards, and incentives to motivate the local team
Coordinate and manage the Commercial KPIs defined together with the Operation and Marketing team
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference
Lead and develop a team of 30 individuals
Hire top talent, help them perform, grow and develop as professionals
Develop new business opportunities, anticipate issues and improve processes

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE:

At least 5 years of relevant experience in managing a high-performer commercial team; working in multiple countries and markets will be a plus
Led negotiations of multi-million contracts and youre comfortable of building relationships with C-level of other organisations
Highly motivated, results-driven, strategic thinker, with strong leadership and business fundamentals
Previous work experience in a startup  high-demanding environment is preferred
Strong communication abilities with the ability to influence and drive change
Youre persuasive in the most pleasant possible way and have no trouble selling anything
Youre an expert on managing stakeholders, working with peers, and leveraging other teams aspiring to do whats best for the company 
Data-driven mentality: takes decisions based on data and makes business judgments when necessary
Youre an owner, you have a natural bias for action, always pushing for things to happen, objective and deadline oriented
You ensure the highest standards for you and your team with the deliverables and business objectives
Strong coaching and mentoring skills 
Ability to find smart and elegant solutions to complex, multi-disciplinary problems
Youre extremely agile and thrive in ambiguous environments
You have an ambition that makes some people think youre crazy while inspiring others
You are always respectful, kind, and fair
Local Language and English full professional proficiency
An empathetic, inclusive, and curious attitude


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Meal tickets to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!



Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
