About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:

In Glovo, we want to change the way consumers buy groceries, and we believe that if we want to revolutionize the industry, we need to deliver a WOW experience to our clients. To reach this WOW effect you will be managing and coordinating one of our darkstores focusing on safety, quality, customer experience, productivity, and fun.
On a daily basis, you can expect to:

Ensure a safe work environment for all your team
Review the work forecasts and determine productivity requirements to produce during the day to meet the overall building objectives.
Proactively identify and lead process improvement initiatives
Balance labor, ensuring that you are operating a balanced and efficient MFCs while meeting all production goals
Embrace a start-up mentality and emphasize Glovos Core Values

Be a part of a team where you will:



Responsible for at least one MFC in Roma
You are responsible for ensuring that you have properly trained people and that their needs are addressed so they can focus on their jobs.
Motivating, coaching, reporting, and providing feedback of pickers and pickers leads performance continuously.
Coordinate physical and virtual workflows, or flow of orders and materials to ensure products are available dispatched on time.
Allocate labor, lead meetings, direct and assign job duties for your team.
Perform in depth problem solving in all areas to ensure successful and continuous operations.
Train, audit, and support employees to perform Glovo standard operating procedures and utilizing equipment and software
Ensure pickers have proper tools to perform the job and coordinate repair or replacement when needed
Report and escalate systemic issues to management as necessary and in a timely manner
Review and update Standard Operating Procedures according to Glovo best practices
Fully understand processes and daily goals, and make recommendations to improve performance
Identify, address and resolve safety hazards within the MFC.
Perform administrative duties, and additional functions, as needed and determined by management
Work closely with other teams (HR, Category Management, Finance, Facility contractors, Safety Manager, LiveOps...) to create and implement initiatives.

Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference



You have:



3 years experience in operations, managing multidisciplinary teams, in a retail, distribution, or logistics environment
Good communicator and motivator
Problem-solving skill
Good logical reasoning
People management skills (team of 5-10) 
Prioritization and executional excellence
Proficiency in Italian and English. 
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Nice-to-haves:


Working knowledge of Six Sigma tools and Lean techniques.

Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you! Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook! Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com