About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
Were looking for a Sr. Category Buyer who has i) the Gas to get great work done, ii) the skills to bring out the best from our groceries team, iii) the strategicinnovativecreative thinking thats required to develop outside the box solutions, and iv) the emotional intelligence and humility to lead a fast-paced business.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Lead commercial negotiations with FMCG suppliers to achieve unbeatable prices on all products
Select and purchase new products and review existing products to ensure that we are stocking the right products for our users
Analyze the ROIprofitability per product sub-vertical to ensure that we maximize margins while remaining affordable for end customers
Monitor stock levels and make plans for purchasing within the decided budget
Know your customers and suppliers better than anyone and use that knowledge to drive innovation solutions to identified challenges
Responsible for executing private label product development and other innovative products at our micro-fulfilment centers to drive our competitive advantage
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

3 years experience in a procurementcategory buyer role in a major supermarket chain in Nigeria
Excellent track record in closing commercial deals in the FMCG industry
Ability to negotiate with and influence suppliers
Data driven mentality: takes decisions based on data and makes business judgments when necessary
A solid sense of ownership, a natural bias for action in order to always push for things to happen
A solution-driven mindset to complex, multi-disciplinary problems
Fluency in English. Additional language skills are a plus
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
