About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
Glovo is looking for a world-class HR Generalist to join our team. Are you ready to support our Glovo employees in a large variety of topics? Do you feel excited about building and improving HR processes? If your answer is YES we are looking for you! 
Be a part of a team where you will:

Manage your population in scope in People systems (workday, green houseetc)
Ensure data intergrity in people systems
Update KPIs and create dashboards to support People follow ups and analysis
Be the first point of contact for employees and managers regarding people processes, updating organisational charts and employees data in People IT tools.
Work closely with the other People teams: People Operations, Recruitment, Learning  Development, Comp  Ben, etc.
Organize office operations and procedures
Coordinate with IT department on all office equipment
Liaise with facility management vendors, including cleaning, landlord, catering and security services
Give support to in-house events or celebrations and conferences
Ensure having a great working environment, following sustainable practices
Keeping the office organized and clean with the cleaning staff support.
Oversee and support all administrative duties in the office and ensure that office is operating smoothly
Make sure that every employee has a desk. Take care of newbies, visits and employees that leave the company. 

Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


You have:

Degree in HR, Labor Law, Law, Business or similar
2 to 5 years of experience in HR
Able to work in a fast-paced, growing start-up environment and work with all levels of management
Organized, proactive, and creative
Customer service oriented - you love to solve complex doubts
Attention to details and problem solving skills are a must.
Excellent time management skills and ability to multi-task and priorities work.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English and French.
Proficient user of full Google Drive applications with the ability to quickly adapt to working with new systems.
Proactive and can-do work attitude.
Open to changes.
Values role model, specially for caring and good vibes.
Basic financial knowledge

An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)

Online therapy and wellbeing benefit

What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
