If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. A ride that will fuel your ambitions and make a difference in peoples lives. At Glovo, we believe in paving the way forward together!
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia, where we operate in 3000 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 
Our career development philosophy. We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 
Our commitment to being a force for good. Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
 
YOUR MISSION 

We are seeking a talented and passionate Senior Data Scientist to join our Pricing Data team in our Barcelona HQ office.
 
Data Science, Machine Learning and Optimisation are key drivers of Glovos business. In our team, data scientists build models that directly impact company profitability by making the different fees our customers pay for their deliveries more optimal and dynamic, while ensuring the fairness of our marketplace. We are a growing team of data scientists working on high-impact projects end-to-end, in close collaboration with engineering, product and business teams.
 
As a Senior Data Scientist you will have the opportunity to lead projects that are central to balancing demand and supply in our marketplace, foster growth and impact profitability, as well as our users experience. Your depth of experience and past achievements will speak for themselves, but if you have delivered on data science projects of significant impact, worked on cross-functional teams, managed stakeholders and provided mentorship when necessary, we are looking for you! 

 
THE JOURNEY


Develop, test and productionize predictive algorithms by using state-of-the-art machine learning algorithms and optimisation models
Contribute to one or more of the following areas: pricing, promotions and markups or discounts.
Design experiments and interpret the results to draw statistically solid, detailed and actionable conclusions
Evaluate algorithms through controlled offline (e.g. backtesting, cross validation with holdouts) and online experiments (e.g. AB testing, switchbacks)
Work in cross-functional teams across disciplines such as product, engineering and operations, amongst others.
Mentor one or more data scientists; technical leadership for a small team
Be on top of new technologies and industry trends.
Promote best in class standards, taking inspiration from the thought leaders in the industry.


WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

Deep theoretical and applied knowledge in at-least one of the following areas: predictive modeling, bandits-based learning algorithms, causal inference, experimentation, geospatial data science and time series analysis.
Extensive experience with the end-to-end predictiveprescriptive model development cycle, from problem definition to productionalization and maintenance. This includes:

Strong data modeling skills and experimentation expertise.
Familiarity with orchestration tools (Airflow, Luigi, Dagster) and cloud infrastructures (AWS preferred).
Solid software engineering skills, extensive experience using Python, SQL, git and with the ML and DS ecosystem.


Excellent verbal and written communication in English, as you will use it to collaborate with stakeholders and senior management from diverse backgrounds.
Working knowledge of agile development.
Adaptability, you are comfortable working in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment.
Strong presentation and communication skills with experts and novices.


GOOD TO HAVE:



Experience in applying Data Science techniques to logistics problems.


At least an MSc, and preferably a PhD in a scientific discipline such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Operations Research, Physics, or Statistics.


Experience in modeling demand and pricing strategies



Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here in Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
 
 