ABOUT GLOVO:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 
YOUR WORK-LIFE OPPORTUNITY:
We are looking for a talented and passionate Staff Data Engineer to join the Central Data team in our Barcelona HQ.
As a Staff Data Engineer you will be expected to drive the architectural paradigm and good practices that will allow Glovo data practice and tools to scale effectively. This means you will be working with multiple data teams (platform and use case oriented) and exploiting a variety of technologies (Python, SQLTrino, Kafka, Spark, Amazon Web Services, FastAPI, Jupyter Notebooks) to bring our vision (API first, declarative) to reality. Joining us, your work will have an immediate influence on the shape of the tools and data consumed by teams across Glovo including Data Engineers, Analysts, Data Scientists and Business Users.
Your depth of experience and past achievements will speak for itself, having helped deliver on Data projects that have had significant impact. You have developed tools and defined standards which have helped different data teams achieve efficiency and reduce cognitive load while providing mentoring and leadership where necessary. You will at times be working independently, and at other times within a team to achieve a given goal. You are known in the engineering community having worked on well known projects or because of your public speaking experiences. Others respect you and you are a sought out Engineer because of your expertise and depth of knowledge. This is a high impact position within Glovo engineering as you will be defining the way for Glovo engineering into the long term.
YOU WILL:

Have a 360 view of Data environment and how it can be leveraged to create the maximum business value
Have a strong focus on the User Experiences of Data professionals and understand user journeys related to building and consuming data
Design, review and improve Glovos Data tools through iterative architectural and technology techniques
Drive the scaling of Glovos Data Mesh initiative (data pipeline resilience, data contracts, DP dependency management, cost effectiveness)
Mentor  share technical expertise with engineers, data scientists, data engineers, analysts
Manage multiple projects and priorities simultaneously
Be on top of new technologies and industry trends
Promote best in class operations standards, taking inspiration from the thought leaders in the industry

YOU HAVE:

Proven track record of best practices and data modeling definition with different enterprise data architecture models such as warehouse  lake  lakehouse  mesh in a Delta Lake environment.
Experience building Data Platform products.
5 years of experience in data software development, including relational and NoSQL databases, Python, Scala, and big data technologies like Spark and Hadoop.
Proven record of building data products with a focus on quality assurance, reliability, availability, and scalability.
Experience in implementing data protection measures to protect consumers personal data and privacy against data loss or exposure 
Proven experience in integrating data from multiple sources, including databases, product tracking, and APIs.
Strong data modeling and SQL skills.
Familiarity with orchestration tools (Airflow, Luigi, Dagster) and cloud infrastructures (GCP, AWS, Azure).
Excellent verbal and written communication in English, as you will use it  to collaborate with stakeholders and senior management from diverse backgrounds 
Working knowledge of agile development, including DevOps and DataOps concepts
Change management skills and adaptability in a fast-paced environment

GOOD TO HAVE

5 years of experience in Cloud Computing or Architecture, preferably with AWS. Proficiency in AWS native tools such as ECS, Fargate, EMR, and EKS. Experience in implementation of data processing engines over EKS is desirable (Trino, Spark on EKS)
Experience in the design and implementation of data software in a microservices-oriented architecture and develop extensible REST APIs.
Experience with automationIaC tools, version control systems, deployment  CI tools, and containerized services like Kubernetes.
Knowledge of Cloud DevOps Concepts, Cloud Services, and Architecture.
Deep understanding of message delivery systems, streaming processing, data processing technology stacks, and storage technologies.
Solutions architect certification in AWS

EXPERIENCE OUR GLOVO LIFE BENEFITS:

Competitive Pay and Enticing Equity plan 
Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products 
Zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders! 
Discounted gym memberships 
Flexible time off (take the time you need) 
Flexible working model - Combining 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support
Wellbeing via free online therapy and emotional support solutions 
External learning opportunities 
Office fun activities from drinks to cinema nights! 

WHAT YOULL FIND WHEN WORKING AT GLOVO:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!
Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. 
For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com