
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. A ride that will fuel your ambitions and make a difference in peoples lives. At Glovo, we believe in paving the way forward together!
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia, where we operate in 3000 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.

YOUR MISSION:

Q-Commerce is the second biggest category inside Glovo and we are currently building a strong global team in order to re-invent how consumers buy their groceries and any other product in their city making it more convenient and easy than ever before.
Were looking for a magic Content and Strategy Intern to join our MFC (our very own supermarkets!) team. This position will work closely with the local teams to ensure we are offering the best UX possible to our customers by using data data to set guidelines and creating magical designs for our events. 
We are looking for a candidate highly motivated, problem solver, with strong interpersonal abilities and with strong attention to detail, who can find creative solutions to complex problems.
THE JOURNEY:


Create guidelines to ensure content quality across all markets.
Analyse results from the current stores architecture and propose improvements on the stores UX.
Create designs for special eventsm, ensuring brand consistency.
Collaborate and coordinate with all internal stakeholders from design to local teams.

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE:

The availability to join an internship with Glovo.
Availability to start as soon as possible
Good skills with Adobe CC: Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop. Premiere Pro and After Effects are a plus. 
Good domain of ExcelGoogle Spreadsheets
Determined to get things done: no job is too big or too small
Comfortable working in high growth and high-performance start-up with a fast pace environment.
Good communication skills both oral and verbal.

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days), the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

Here in Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!