About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, and Africa. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
Our vision and ambition are to make everything immediately available in your city and to offer our employees the job of their lives. A job where youll be challenged and have the most fun working in through tech-enabled experiences.
Your work-life opportunity:
Glovo is looking for a highly motivated and experienced Staff Product Manager to be responsible for Marketplace Optimisation which is the ranking of stores based on user preferences and business needs.  
You will lead the ranking team, which is led by a data manager and a group of  data scientists responsible for the conversion model of our store wall, and manage the marketplace optimization team, which uses our conversion model as an input, as well as other parameters, optimise for orders or margin depending on business goals.
 
You will report directly to the Sr. Director of product along with dotted line reporting to the Executive Director of Data., you will be part of ceremonies of both product and data.  You will work closely with fellow PMs, staff engineers,  research scientists, data analysts, ux researchers and designers, and business stakeholders through the organization to build the product and technical solutions which would unlock marketplace optimisation and personalised ranking being a part of it.
The ideal candidate should have a proven track record in product management and possess strong analytical, strategic thinking, and communication skills. Were looking for someone with the same passion that we have for technology -- simple solutions and bold impact.
 
Based in our HQ in Barcelona, this is an excellent opportunity for a highly skilled and motivated professional to join a dynamic and rapidly growing company that is changing the way people experience their cities. Join us and help build the future of cities!
You have:


Minimum of 6-8 years of Product Management experience with prior experience in ranking optimisations.


Proven background in MO models or goal-based ranking model based on ML optimising for differing outcomes.


Solid understanding of the technical aspects of machine learning and optimization algorithms. They should have experience working with data scientists and engineers to build and maintain scalable, reliable, and efficient systems.


Experience in a consumer-facing platform business is a big plus.


Experience setting business goals and product strategyvision. Managing product roadmaps, conducting market research, and analyzing market trends to ensure that the products they develop are competitive and meet business objectives.


Excellent communication skills, be able to clearly articulate product vision and strategy to stakeholders, and be able to present complex technical concepts in a clear and concise manner.Track record of leading innovation-heavy and disruptive projects with company-wide stakeholder change management and board level attention.


Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Attractive Salary and yearly Equity package.
Live and work in Barcelona plus an attractive Relocation package (if applicable ;))
Comprehensive Private Health Insurance.
Cobee discounts on kindergarten, transportation, and food.
Free monthly Glovo credits to spend on our restaurant products (and zero Glovo delivery fee on all Glovo orders!).
Cool perks such as fresh fruit and healthy snacks every day, beers on Fridays, Culture Days every 2 months!
Discounted Gym memberships
Flexible working environment (unlimited time off, flexible schedule and hybrid remote working).

What youll find when working at Glovo:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
At Glovo we believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!
Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. As of 2020, were currently present in more than 22 countries across Europe, Africa, and Asia.
For additional information on Glovo, please visit  https:jobs.glovoapp.comencareers