About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 
Your work-life opportunity:
Glovo is looking for world-class Applied Scientists to work in our Barcelona office. Are you passionate, proactive, data-driven and hands-on? Do you want to grow in one of the fastest growing startups of Barcelona, building a product that will change peoples day-to-day lives and disrupt the on-demand market?
Be a part of a team where you will:

Develop, test and productionize predictive algorithms by using state of the art machine learning algorithms and statistical models
Evaluate algorithms through controlled offline (e.g. cross validation with holdouts strategy) and online experiments (e.g. cross validation, AB testing)
Contribute to one or more of the following areas: customer analytics, personalisation  recommendations , pricing as well as operational research  optimisation
Design experiments and interpret the results to draw detailed and actionable conclusions
Create dashboards and reports to regularly communicate results and monitor key metrics
Work in cross-functional teams across disciplines such as product, engineering, operations, marketing amongst others

You have:

Research and development experience in industry or academia. Holds at least an MSc, and preferably a PhD in a scientific discipline such as Physics, Statistics, Computer Science or Mathematics
Deep theoretical and applied knowledge in at-least one of the following areas: supervised and unsupervised learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, game theory, statistical inference, bayesian statistics, causal inference, time series analysis, decision theory, mathematical optimisation
Experience working with large data sets will be a plus
Python experience;; can independently prototype solutions to problems
Experience with big data technologies (e.g. Scala and Spark) and AWS is desirable
Command line skills
Strong presentation skills in communicating with experts and novices
Fluent spoken and written English

EXPERIENCE OUR GLOVO LIFE BENEFITS:

Competitive Pay and Enticing Equity plan 
Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products 
Zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders! 
Discounted gym memberships 
Flexible time off (take the time you need) 
Flexible working model - Combining 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support
Wellbeing via free online therapy and emotional support solutions 
External learning opportunities 
Office fun activities from drinks to cinema nights! 

WHAT YOULL FIND WHEN WORKING AT GLOVO:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
