 
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
In this role,  you will drive new partners sales in a high-velocity sales environment delivering new partners business pipeline, closing deals, and quota against monthly, quarterly, and annual targets. Youll have the mission to build and manage a sales dream team, continuously training and improving them to reach ambitious goals in a hyper-growing tech startup. You will be leading part of the Glovo Sales Team, working closely with the Head of Sales and coordinating with other teams
THE JOURNEY

Responsible for new acquisition and for designing, planning, and controlling the commercial team growth strategy for the country, working to get an increase in net sales, market share, and net-new revenue.
Build and manage a Sales Dream Team, continuous training and improving their performance. Have a clear development path with clear goals and actions to follow. Hire and onboard the new SE ensuring they understand and apply the Glovo Sales Executive methodology way of working. Manage a successful sales team working closely with Sales leadership and other partners teams
Establish goals for each one of the Sales Executives with the HoS and evaluate their performance. Handle performance and develop talent to ensure the team is engaged and we retain them to ensure the team is engaged and we retain them
Ensure that the quantity and quality of the pipeline generate prospects and partners that allow the achievement of the commercial objectives in the short, medium, and long term. - Be the owner working together with the Market Intelligence team to increase the quality of the pipeline and boost productivity through lead assignment
Coordinate the Sales Plans defined together with the Sales Operation Manager  Marketing team  Key Accounts Sales  Account Management team
Support negotiations and close exclusive partnerships with the best accounts in the country, always aligned with the companys goals.
Be an expert and ensure your team reports all daily sales activity (Calls, Mail, Meetings, etc) and they Keep detailed notes on leads and opportunities interactions and apply it
Be a Salesforce power user and you can give feedback to the management on the new developments needed. Analyze results, identify each sales opportunity to improve their performance and drive positive changes         

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

At least 5 years of leadership experience in high-performance sales
Previous work experience in a startup  high-demanding environment is preferred
Experience in training and motivating a sales team
Sales hunger is a must! You may never take a no for an answer.
Experience in training and motivating a sales team
A highly motivated, results-driven, strategic thinker, with strong leadership and business fundamentals profile
Strong communication abilities with the capability to influence and drive change
An empathetic, inclusive, and curious attitude

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 
 