 
 
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.

YOUR MISSION:

We are looking for someone who will join our Partner Operations team and will be responsible for managing and optimizing the activation of all stores in our marketplace to ensure growth goals.

THE JOURNEY:

Establish excellent relationships with Glovos vendors and their agents through consistent and proactive communication and build engagement (meetings and performance reviews)
Weeklybiweekly business reviews will all vendors (checking results, following up on performance, discussing all related matters), share updates on the processtools with the managers and team leaders (of the agents) and follow-up on agents productivity
Track and report performance metrics and SLAs, monitor local tasks queues to spot bottleneck and address them with correct stakeholders and communicate priorities accordingly to business needs
Review performance KPIs regularly from different support teams, understands root issues and addresses topics - surface and resolve internal conflicts, corporate policy violation etc.
Improve operational efficiency of our partners by making sure we always deliver the best service to our customer
Regular meetings with the Commercial teams to follow on progress of top offenders
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE:
Background 

Minimum 1 year of experience in fast-paced environment (start-ups, FMCG, retail, telecoms, advertising, food-hospitality, etc.)

Skills

Problem solving skills, data-driven with strong analytical skills
Solid communication and interpersonal skills
Project management skills, highly organized and detail-oriented approach
Good knowledge of Google Suite andor MS Office, Excel
Excellent written and spoken Bulgarian  English skills

Culture

Ability to work in a high growth and high-performance start-up with a fast pace. 
Adaptable, positive mindset: possess a flexible attitude towards evolving roles within the commercial domain. we value versatility and the ability to adapt to new challenges while ensuring a stable and consistent job scope.


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!



Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
