 
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
The way we manage our company is built on the belief that by giving a WOW service to our clients, we will be able to change the delivery market. How are we doing it? By paying attention to all the details. Glovo is a hyperlocal marketplace featuring the most trendy places in each city and delivering their products in less than 30 mins. As a Partner Operations Lead, you will play a key role in the Glovo Partners team. You will be directly responsible for improving Partners experience across their whole journey, making them grow and improve user UX.
THE JOURNEY

Be the owner of the Partner Operations metrics, seeking continuous improvement  in the operations of our partners (improve preparation times, reduce cancellations and decrease bad ratings) to make sure we always deliver the best service to our customers
Be the trust advisor of our large partners on how to improve  adapt their operations in-store to delivery channel 
Build scalable processes for Local heroes  Long Tail partners to make them join our operational excellence drive  
Cooperate with the customer service department to give Partners the best support and increase our Partners satisfaction
Ensure quality of onboarding for our new Partners, by providing them all the necessary tools and information to start working
Understand, build action plans and follow up on churned and inactive partners.
Raise product requests to improve partners UX and scalability. Identify tech features improvements and give proactive feedback to HQ.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference
Work with global and regional teams to coordinate and execute projects in your country
Lead the team of several Partner Operations specialists with KPI driven approach

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

Min of 3-5  yr of experience in fast-paced environments (startups, investment banking, top consulting firms, top internet firms)
Youre an owner, you have a natural bias for action, always pushing for things to happen, objective and deadline oriented
A data-driven mentality: taking decisions based on data and using good business judgment when necessary
Ability to provide scalable solutions to complex problems
Amazing project management skills. 
Youre persuasive in the most pleasant possible way and have no trouble selling anything
Comfortable working in a high growth and high-performance start-up with a fast pace
Hands on attitude: no job is too big or too small
Excellent stakeholder management and engagement skills
You are able to influence people in a short space of time to deliver results
Effective English written and communication skills
Experience managing, coordinating and motivating teams of 3 people
Computer literate; good knowledge of Google Docs and advanced knowledge in MS Office (Excel). Salesforce and SQL experience is a plus

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 