 
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
We are looking for
As Senior Operations Manager at Glovo, you will play a crucial role in ensuring a dynamic, fast, efficient, and customer-centric operation. You will be responsible for managing and optimizing all aspects of the operational processes, from order fulfillment to last-mile delivery, to ensure customer satisfaction and business success.
 
You will:

Be the owner of Operations PL (shopper cost, compensation cost, Live Operations, Materials etc..). We expect you to be highly analytical: from there youll have to develop and execute a comprehensive operational strategy to meet business goals and KPIs, focusing on growth and profitability.
Oversee and optimize the companys operational processes to maximize efficiency, minimize costs and ensure operational excellence. Monitoring and adjusting will be your day to day.
Lead the Operations team, fostering a culture of accountability, innovation and high performance. 
Be the main point of contact with every operational partner andor supplier.
Manage end-to-end logistics, including order processing, delivery optimization, and last mile delivery, to ensure fast and reliable service, maintaining the highest standards of service quality.
Working on data analytical reports and key performance indicators to assess operational performance. Evaluate strategic opportunities, performing a broad range of quantitative and qualitative analyses.
Ensure compliance with all relevant local and national regulations, including labor laws, and food safety regulations (if applicable).
Drive a culture of continuous improvement within the operations team. Identify bottlenecks, inefficiencies, and areas of enhancement, and implement solutions to further objectives.

You need to match

 5 years in a fast-paced environment, preferably in opsstrategy, in an operationslogistic company or in FMCGretail.
Proven track record of work in similar positions and previous success in delivering and implementing new solutionsprocessesstandardization
Experience in KPIs tracking and creation and optimization expertise
Problem solver, data-driven decision-making with a strong analytical approach
A Masters degree in Engineering, Business, Economics are a plus
Ability to manage small work teams and lead changes
Excellent communication skills
An empathetic, inclusive, and curious attitude
Proficiency in Excel is mandatory. SQL knowledge is a plus
Excellent English  Spanish is a plus

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Meal card allowance. 
 26 days of vacation. We care about work-life balance so we would like you to be happy both in your personal and professional life!

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!