
About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:
Glovos team is looking for a Senior Accountant in Croatias Finance Department who will play a key role in the Finance team - providing data in order for the department to make sound decisions. We are in a startup where the time to market is a crucial factor, so we want a problem-solver person with hands-on attitude.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Maintain the companys accounting books according to the statutory regulations.
Conducts General Audit of all Accounting Ledgers on a regular basis.
Responsible for complying with local requirements related to tax and accounting
Ensures accurate and timely Financial statements to be submitted to the Group. 
Handle tax accounting according to tax legislation.
Prepare Statutory financial statements.
Prepare tax declarations.
Minimizes wherever possible tax exposure through proper reflection of tax deductible expenses.
Ensure that all VAT accounts reflect the prevailing business nature.
Follow the changes in company policy, tax regulations and legislation.
Be responsible for good and long term relationships with all local authorities.
Ensure full and proper primary documents flow with the proper formalization.
Provide full tax support to partners.
Check all original documents (contracts, acts, VAT declarations, etc.) for the company interest.
Ensure all accountingfinancial Policies and Procedures are adopted in line with prevailing legislation.

You have:

More than 3 years of experience in accounting
Excellent analytical skills with a thorough knowledge of accounting principles to analyze financial reports
Knowledge of accounting procedures
Experience with general ledger functions and the month-endyear-end close process
Hands-on experience with accounting software packages (Wand experience would be an advantage)
Advanced MS Excel skills including Vlookups and pivot tables
Accuracy and attention to detail- aptitude for numbers and quantitative skills
Analytical profile, data-driven, goal-oriented and teamwork
Advanced English

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly meal benefit and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Discounted gym memberships
Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com

