About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
As an Supply Operations Manager, you will be responsible for building a supply structure, framing your city, and engaging with and retaining couriers (glovers, as we like to call them). The Glovers are a key player in Glovos marketplace and you will need to ensure the long-term sustainability of the fleet, as well as its daily performance.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Framing the launching city, building the on-demand infrastructure from scratch
Develop and optimize processes as the city scales - Thinking about what the processes will look like a few weeks into operations VS few months
Maintenance and analysis of business reports and information to aid in the basic decision-making process of supply chain operational needs, including daily, weekly and monthly reports indicating full operational status concerning the flow
Manage communication with Third-Party Logistics Providers (3PL) related to the distribution network
Understand, deep-dive, and have a complete understanding of the local supply situation at all times
Identify channels to source new leads and potential Glovers through both online and offline medium
Analyze daily and weekly operation metrics with a macro view of the long-term success of the city
Optimize delivery times and Glover earnings
Develop analytical frameworks and models for your city and the region
Manage a team 3 individuals
Manage the PL and BP of the operations department

You have:

Degree in Engineering, Economics or similar preferred
6 years experience and demonstrated past achievements in a fast-paced Supply Chain or Operations Corporate Finance  Consulting or related experience
Experience in on-demand delivery is a plus
Analytical skills are a must
Knowledge of SQL preferred
Results-oriented, autonomous and efficient
Leadership - you can motivate your teammates. Youre great at making tough decisions in a sea of ambiguity and keeping everyone on track

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
