About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:

Glovo is looking for a talented and ambitious Growth Intern, to have a key role in Serbia.
Are you looking for a challenging experience in one of the fastest growing Startups in Europe? Do you want to contribute to building a product that will disrupt the On demand market?

Be a part of a team where you will:

Support the implementation of local Marketing activations, collaborating with cross-functional teams (CRM, Design, Digital, Accounts) on activities such as promotional campaigns (promo creation  auditing, creative asset requests, partners selection) and performance marketing.
Keep updated the activity grid with info regarding planned activations, new city launches, partner ranking.
Monitor competitive landscape and collect relevant insights to help the Growth  Marketing Team to craft the country marketing strategy.
Support on ad-hoc analyses and projects based on business needs as identified by local and global Marketing Team.

You have:

Bachelor degree in Business Administration, Marketing, Economics, Engineering or any related field
Proficiency in English (mandatory)
Business acumen and passion for end-to-end project management
Critical reasoning
Capability of bridging analytical and communication skills for added-value impact
Comfortable in trackingreporting on KPIs
Consumer understanding skills
Expertise with Office - Google docssheetsslides
Expertise in SQL (nice to have)
Hands-on attitude. Youll have to roll up your sleeves!

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Top-notch private health insurance

Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget

Paid internship

What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
