ABOUT GLOVO:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
YOUR WORK-LIFE OPPORTUNITY:
We are one of the fastest growing startups in Europe and the way we want to grow is making every city profitable!  To reach this goal, we need a 360, analytical and results driven person to take ownership of our Strategy function in Africa. At Glovo,  we work hard and we love what we do. If you are a problem-solver person with a 100 hands-on attitude, looking for an energizing work environment with big ideas wed love to have you on our team!
 
BE PART OF A TEAM WHERE YOU WILL:

Provide analytical support to the team of 7 countries throughout deeper understanding of Glovos operations model
Perform analysis to come up with insights to help improve KPIs in all the courier fleets within the region
Propose, track and consolidate new ideas to improve the operations by being obsessed with Glovos KPIs.
Own the lifecycle performance of a courier, from our courier onboarding funnel optimisation to retention boosting and improvements.
Build tools and processes, to carry out automated actions and monitoring on couriers
Own dashboards and build new tools to improve the visibility of metrics in the department
Develop analytical frameworks and models for the area and be able to instruct and communicate for all the department
Understand and deep-dive into the data to understand the reasons and the levers we can act upon to improve KPIs (and be accountable for them)
Evaluate strategic opportunities, performing a broad range of quantitative analyses and AB tests
Contribute towards the continuous improvement of the Glover lifecycle through out-of-the-box thinking
Understand local needs, and put yourself in the skin of the courier - understand who they are


Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference within the organization

YOU HAVE:

2-3 years of experience in top-tier management consulting andor corporate strategyoperations role for a fast-growing global operating tech company
Bachelors degree in a quantitative  numerical field
Strong analytical abilities, especially with respect to experimental design and analysis.
Strategic thinking and planning, hands-on mentality.
Excellent skills in presenting and analyzing data and creating actionable reports.
Advanced English.
Ability to influence stakeholders in order to help achieve your goals.
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
EXPERIENCE OUR GLOVO LIFE BENEFITS:

Enticing equity plan.
Top-notch private health insurance.
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time).
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit.

WHAT YOULL FIND WHEN WORKING AT GLOVO:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly.
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly.
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning.
Care: Uplift people and the planet.
Glownership: Act as proud owners.
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance.

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 