About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:

The way we manage our company is built on the belief that by giving a WOW service to our clients, we will be able to change the delivery market. How are we doing it? By paying attention to all the details. Glovo is a hyperlocal marketplace featuring the most trendy places in each city and delivering their products in less than 60 mins.  
As an Account Manager Trainee of Longtail, you will play a key role in the Glovo Account management team. You will be directly responsible for impacting all the longtail partners to make them grow, sell assets and improve user UX

Be a part of a team where you will:

Gather all the insights from our partners to create an amazing experience for them and our customers, tackle through problems to raise the bar
Get feedback from our stores and translate it into process improvements
Maintain good relationship between Glovo and our partners
Sell AdvertisingMarketing tools to improve partners visibility and sales impact
Contact 20 Partners  day to help them improve their presence on the App
Forecast and track key account metrics
Cold Calling is required at times
Work closely with all the departments within Glovo Portugal organization and occasionally globally on temporary projects

You have:


Availability for 6 months full-time internship with the possibility of extending it to 1 year
Work experience in a sales or marketing field its a plus
Strong Communication skills
High level of resilience
Data-driven skills
Good skills in MS Office, Looker and Salesforce is a plus
Proficiency in Portuguese and English is a must
Immediate availability is a plus


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
 
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


Discounted gym memberships


Paid internship


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
