





 
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
 
THE JOURNEY

Be the owner of PMO processes and tools and will keep improving project management methodologies and ways of working
Oversee and coordinate a broad portfolio of initiatives within the Global Finance department
Manage and prioritize the requests of such initiatives and ensure their execution, directly or through the team, to optimize andor improve transactional processes and systems as well as facilitate the execution of other relevant finance related projects 
Participate and support in the decision making by keeping control of OKRs, monitoring KPIs and identifying gaps, pain points  and opportunities that might impact the delivery of the PMO
Monitor, plan and execute progress and provide visibility to peers, stakeholders and senior management
Liaise with other finance stakeholders and peers acting as business copilot to the respective finance and business owners of the project
Actively partner across the organization to build strong relationships
Proactively lead systems and processes automation by suggesting innovative ways of working to work faster and more efficiently
Support finance knowledge management, ensuring the proper supporting documentation and trainings are kept by GPO and other finance responsibles
Set and review team goals and targets for achieving operational results ensuring alignment with key stakeholders
Lead and develop a team of 5 to 10 people

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

10 years of proven experience in the field
Bachelor degree or MBA (or equivalent experience)
Excellent understanding of project management methodologies (i.e. waterfall, lean and agile) and software and tools (i.e. Jira, Confluence, Asana, Trello, etc)
Proven experience in scoping, managing and prioritizing projects, programmes andor portfolio
Relevant experience in analyzing data and creating reports for senior management
Strong knowledge of data  analytics and visualization tools (i.e. SQL, Python, Looker, Starburst, Tableau, etc) 
Robust communication skills and strong stakeholder engagement with experience in influencing and driving outcomes
Excellent business sense and strategic way of thinking  
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, staying  organized and ensuring execution of complex initiatives driving impact at scale
Strong team mentoring and leadership skills

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 





