ABOUT GLOVO: 
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
 
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
 
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (fFor example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 

YOUR MISSION: 

The Media  Martech team in Glovo is responsible for Glovos digital marketing strategy and its global implementation for all acquisition marketing channels across our app and web platforms, on Paid Search, Social, DisplayVideo advertising, ASO etc.
In this role, you will be part of a dedicated team of PMs, Marketing Scientists, Analysts and Engineers supporting Glovos Marketing efforts. You will work closely with other marketing and engineering teams to drive product development and marketing investment.
Youll be responsible for supporting an impactful and broad domain, including:

performance marketing instrumentation (eg. eventing, audiences, platform integrations), 
marketing automation (eg. ad campaign creatorspublishers, creative management products, marketing feed services), and our
Marketing measurement stack (eg. experimentation, marketing attribution, diminishing return curvesmarginal acquisition cost calculation and other budget allocation data products)
CRM tooling.

This role reports directly to Glovos Media  Martech Director and will be managing 2 Business PMs.
The successful candidate will be based in Glovos HQ in Barcelona, Spain (hybrid work model).
THE JOURNEY: 
Were looking for a Performance Marketing Product Manager who has experience in Performance Marketing, is familiar with marketing tech, can collaborate and influence people managers and has strong tech affinity:

Partnering with the business leaders to design the long term marketing tech strategy; on the short term, building OKRs and sequencing the engineering workstreams in partnership with the respective data and tech leaders-
Leading projects in all phases from establishing requirements to implementing the solution together with performance marketing, marketing tech, data science and engineering teams.
Writing product specifications, designing and completing project plans; mitigating risks and helping raise blockers. Will be prioritizing requirements and defining scope to meet project needs in a timely manner given available resources
Partner with internal customers and engineering teams to identify areas in need of improvement to increase output and investmentresources efficiency.

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE: 

You have strong, hands on experience of the app and web marketing tech stack (not necessarily an engineer yourself)
You have experience in designing scalable marketing products.
You are structured and analytical in your work, enjoying the complexity of the domain (performance marketing).
You have excellent written and verbal communication skills and are able to collaborate with multiple team members across all levels of the business to achieve common goals
You have experience with implementing and iterating on key agile PM artifacts, have planned using OKRs and collaborated using some variation of the standard requirements specification documents (eg. BRDPRD, RFCs or similar logic).

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

 
Here in Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into  our culture by taking a peek at our  Instagram and check out  our Linkedin and website!