ABOUT GLOVO:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 
BE PART OF A TEAM WHERE YOU WILL:

Work closely with multi-disciplinary teams to define the product roadmap and strategy, monitor and give visibility of product metrics and KPIs.
Apply various advanced mathematical and statistical modeling techniques and analyses (experimentation, machine learning, causal inference, etc.) to solve for product and business problems that drive the highest impact.
Translate product questions and hypotheses into analysis and actionable insights.
Develop and maintain scalable and self-service visualization tools and storytelling dashboards.
Foster strong relationships with stakeholders acting as a strategic and supportive link between the technology, business, and product.

You have:

2-5 years of professional experience outside of an academic and internship setting, in a quantitative analysis role, preferably in product facing teams.
Deep theoretical and applied knowledge in the following areas: supervised and unsupervised learning, game theory, statistical inference, bayesian statistics, causal inference, time series analysis, decision theory, mathematical optimisation.
Demonstrable experience at productionising ideas; from conception to deployment.
Experience with event instrumentation definition and management, ingestion (Amplitude, MixPanel, Heap or similar) and translating user behavior analytics into actionable insights. 
Mastery in SQL and statistical programming (PythonR) and experience working with popular tools such as Pandas, SciPy, Seaborn, JupyteriPython notebooks, R Markdown.
Demonstrated experience in designing and analyzing experiments in digital products (AB test, multivariate, Switchback, etc).
Strong presentation and communication skills. 
Fluent spoken and written English.

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
 
EXPERIENCE OUR GLOVO LIFE BENEFITS:


Competitive Pay and Enticing Equity plan 


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products 


Zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders! 


Discounted gym memberships 


Flexible time off (take the time you need) 


Flexible working model - Combining 3 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support


External learning opportunities 


Office fun activities from drinks to cinema nights! 


 
WHAT YOULL FIND WHEN WORKING AT GLOVO:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!
Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. 
For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com