

About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
Your work-life opportunity:

As an Operations Manager, you will be responsible for ensuring operational excellence in Georgia. You will lead the team and help them build a top-notch supply structure, owning the operational KPIs of your cities, engaging with and retaining couriers (or glovers, as we like to call them), and coordinating projects across these geographic areas.
Your main responsibility is to make sure the long-term sustainability of the fleet, its satisfaction, as well as its daily performance.

Be a part of a team where you will:

Improve the regional operations by ensuring our ambitious targets
Lead the Supply Operations team in your Region
Hire, train and mentor the team members
Standardize processes across the different geographies under your scope
Build tools to speed up Local teams autonomy
Commit to contributing to Glovos growth, getting the job done
Work with local providers and legal teams, to ensure the best in class operations in the region
Bring the operations team to the next level!
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

5 years total professional experience, preferably in opsstrategy consulting or in an operationslogistic company
2 years in a managerial role
The skills to manage the big picture and the smallest details.
Youre always on top of your deadlines and you demonstrate to be an organization freak!
Track record of success delivering and implementing new solutionsprocessesstandardization
Experience in KPIs tracking and creation and optimization expertise
Problem solver, data-driven decision-making with an analytical approach
A Bachelors degree in Engineering, Business, Economics are a plus
SQL knowledge and proficiency in Excel are a plus
Ability to manage small work teams and lead changes
Excellent communication skills
B2 English 
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off, 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you! Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook! Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com





 




