About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Be a part of a team where you will:

Own the assortment onboarding process with new partners by sharing templates and a clear explanation of how to use them
Receive assortment files from new partners, review, and fix them before bringing them live in Glovos app
Create the menu in Admin and make sure everythings working as expected for all stores
Assortment gap analysis (i.e. searches with no results and direct competitors analysis)
Conversion Rate and ATC (Add To Cart) analysis for all top partners
Meeting Partners Category Management departments on a recurrent basis (Top Partners) to cover Conversion Rate and Basket sizes trends 
Recurrent and constant Walk the Store to detect errors, anomalies, or improvement opportunities
Support Account Managers on Delivery Hero Catalogue tools migration
Be the owner of the Catalogue tools once implemented for Grocery Partners
Collaborate with the Brands Ads team to enable the execution of Ads campaigns within the Grocery partners marketplace
Tackle Partners Ad-hoc requests
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:

Minimum of 1 year of experience in retail, e-commerce or FMCG Category Mangement
Strong stakeholder management and communication skills with exposure to senior partners and cross-functional teams.
Experience in defining solutions to complex, strategic topics with a deeply analytical and data-driven approach to issues
Balance attention to detail with swift execution - we need to do things quickly, and we need to do them well
Full proficiency in English is required
Grittiness, never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and address something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
