
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
As a Senior CRM Specialist within the Partner Experience team at Glovo, you will play a pivotal role in driving customer engagement and partner communication through Salesforce Marketing Cloud. You will leverage your expertise in email marketing, automation, and CRM to enhance our partner relationships and drive business growth.THE JOURNEY


Salesforce Marketing Cloud Expertise: Utilize your extensive knowledge of Salesforce Marketing Cloud to create, manage, and optimize email campaigns that target our partners effectively
Email Marketing Strategy: Develop and implement email marketing strategies to nurture partner relationships, drive engagement, and encourage loyalty. Automatise CRM Journeys that will impact the retention, engagement and performance of our Partners (OnboardingActivation, Growth, Reactivation, etc.)
Automation and Personalization: Leverage automation and segmentation to deliver personalized and relevant content to partners, ensuring a tailored experience
Analytics and Reporting: Analyze campaign performance, AB test results, and user behavior to refine strategies and achieve KPIs.Define and implement the data flows between Salesforce Marketing Cloud and Glovo Data Warehouses
Data Management: Oversee data hygiene and ensure data accuracy within the CRM system to maintain high-quality partner contact lists
Compliance: Stay up-to-date with email marketing regulations and best practices to ensure all campaigns comply with legal requirements
Collaboration: Work closely with cross-functional teams, including Growth, Product, and Operations, to align CRM strategies with overall business objectives. Coach, train and assist colleagues in using Salesforce Marketing Cloud


WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE


Bachelors degree in Marketing, Business, or a related field
3 years of experience in CRM marketing, with a focus on email marketing and automation
Valid Certification as a Salesforce Marketing Cloud Email Specialist and Administrator is a plus
Proficiency in Salesforce Marketing Cloud, including Journey Builder, Email Studio, Automation Studio, and Contact Builder
Strong analytical skills with the ability to translate data into actionable insights
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Detail-oriented with a passion for delivering high-quality results
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment


Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
