


About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
 
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
 
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
YOUR WORK-LIFE OPPORTUNITY:

In the context of giving users easy access to anything in their city, Q-commerce (Quick Commerce) is the business unit that aims to provide immediacy to all product needs that a user might have. As Intern in the Category Management team you will be responsible for delivering a best-in-class user experience for our customers globally. Leading the implementation of the right assortment, categorization, content, pricing and promotion strategies to win the convenience baskets.Be a part of a team where you will:

Be responsible of offering an amazing shopping experience by categorizing  sorting the assortment based on user needs
Leading assortment definition and optimization strategy
Dynamic pricing execution and analysis
Develop, implement and track processes to guarantee content strategy execution
Raising the bar with hero content
Promotions management and cross-selling opportunities

YOU HAVE:

Ability to work 40 hours per week during at least 6 months
Strong analytical skills, willing to test and solve problems based on data
Great interpersonal skills
Comfort in working in a high growth and high performance start-up with a fast pace
Fluency in English and Spanish. Additional languages are a plus


Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Paid internship


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


What youll find when working at Glovo:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!

Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. 
For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com


