
About Glovo:Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

BE A PART OF A TEAM WHERE YOU WILL:

Team Leadership: Provide strong leadership, mentorship, and guidance to a team of Partner Operations Analysts. Foster a collaborative and empowering work environment, promoting skill development and professional growth within the team.
Proactive Issue Management: Stay vigilant and proactive in identifying any potential delays or issues that might arise. Timely alert the Partner Operations Team and collaborate on swift solutions to uphold the efficiency of our partnerships.
Process Optimization: Work closely with the team to identify inefficiencies in partner operations processes. Develop and implement optimization strategies to streamline workflows, enhance productivity, and improve overall partner experience.
Cross-functional Collaboration: Collaborate effectively with various teams, including Partner Support, Account Managers, and Supply OPS, to align analytics initiatives with overall business objectives. Facilitate communication and knowledge sharing between teams to drive synergy and cohesive strategies.
Develop and oversee relationships with Partners performing alongside Account Managers to ensure top level service provided to Partners.
Work alongside and communicate effectively with all other teams involved
Time Management: Effectively manage competing timelines and prioritize critical tasks. Your ability to handle multiple tasks efficiently will ensure that our partners receive timely assistance and support.
Training and Development: Conduct training sessions and workshops to enhance the teams technical skills, analytical capabilities, and domain knowledge. Stay updated with the latest industry trends and technologies to continuously enhance the teams expertise.
Performance Monitoring: Monitor Partner Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) meticulously. Use this data to assess the health of our partnerships and identify areas for improvement, ensuring the success of both parties involved.
Stakeholder Communication: Effectively communicate analytical findings and insights to stakeholders, including senior management. Present complex data-driven narratives in a clear and concise manner, enabling informed decision-making at all levels of the organization.

YOU HAVE:

At least 2  years of experience in as the head of the analytical department. Previous work experience in a startup  high-demanding environment is preferred.
Team leadership skills and experience, at least  3 year.
Strong commercial and interpersonal skills 
Strong analytical skills 
Highly motivated, results-driven, strategic thinker, with strong leadership and business fundamentals
Strong communication abilities with ability to influence and drive change.
Understand and contribute to the countrys strategy and PL.
Effective English written and communication skills.

MAIN KPIs ( team achievement of the following Kpis):

Partner operational metrics
Analysis of the partners interaction with the application
Content quality


Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Enticing equity plan (if applicable)
Private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Discounted gym memberships
Flexible time off, 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit






What youll find when working at Glovo:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com





