About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:

Glovo connects people with possibilities. From consumers and couriers to SMEs and iconic brands, our mission is to make city life easier and smarter. Our growth implies an increasing political role and social responsibility, and this is why we are looking for someone to represent Glovo in the political, social, and institutional ecosystems in the Sub-Saharan African (SSA) countries where we operate.
In this role you will be  working closely with our Regional General Manager, Africa  country Leadership teams, and global teams to design and implement our public affairs and public relations strategy in SSA.

Be a part of a team where you will:

Manage and lead our policy effort in SSA, developing strategies to keep the market open and to reinforce our non-market strategies.
Provide similar support to Comms and Social Impact work Glovo does in the region. 
Regularly monitor regulations and policies relevant for Glovo and our partners. 
Track public debates and media coverage impacting Glovo or our ecosystem.
Support other areas of Glovo at local, regional and HQ levels including Operations, Legal Marketing or Communications. 
Design regulatory and legislative proposals in support of our business strategies.
Directly engage policymakers, their staff and other stakeholders to explain and defend Glovos business model and vision.
Draft and execute a third party engagement strategy aimed at developing Glovos champions in the communities we serve.
Create and execute PR strategies and media engagement across the region
Coordinate Glovos regional PR efforts and establish a regular cadence of media coverage in local media
Coordinate the regional PR agency 
Prepare press releases, articles, QAs, talk tracks,, statements and media comments on behalf of company spokespeople
Manage and coordinate speaking engagements and press events, including research and draft of briefing materials
Provide PR advice to other departments and local General Managers
Proactively work to protect Glovos reputation in issues management. 
Maintain and develop relationships with key media
Be proactive in newsjacking when the opportunity arises.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:


Experience: at least five years of experience working in government affairs or public relations is a must.
Local expertise: a good understanding of the regions politics and socio-economic developments, especially labour markets, digitalization and competition, as well as the local media landscapes.
Well-rounded skills: an analytical mind that understands the interplay between political, regulatory, social and economic dynamics and has an understanding for how journalists and local media work and how to position topics in media.
Glovo and other on-demand delivery companies are changing cities and consumption habits. You will need to be able to understand the potential for positive change and be an advocate of this vision. 
Social and Communication skills: youll need the ability to convey our message persuasively and clearly to a very diverse audience. 
A team player:  success at Glovo depends on the ability to interact with different teams (internally and externally) around shared goals.  Its why were looking for well-organised people who enjoy working with others to get stuff done.
A self-starter:  Glovo is a company of entrepreneurs and we want to work with people who enjoy building things from the bottom up.  Things move quickly so youll need to be highly adaptable as well as calm under pressure.
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
