 
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
We are looking for an Operations Manager to join our Team, who will be in charge of improving and optimizing courier fleet metrics and performances across the cities within the Area assigned.
This role will require a mix of operational experience, stakeholder management, analytical skills, and creativity to tackle different challenges. The couriers are a key player in Glovos marketplace and you will need to ensure the fleets long-term sustainability, as well as its healthy contribution to the operational performance and user experience in Poland.
THE JOURNEY

Support the Central Operations Team and the Local Teams (Areas) with scalable processes that leverage data and directly impact their KPIs.
Collaborate closely with all the internal stakeholders from other departments (Sales, Expansion, Account Managers...) to plan, execute, and monitor projects related to operations and the couriers contribution to user experience.
Analyze daily and weekly operation metrics with a macro view of the long-term success of the city, having a complete understanding of the local supply situation at all times.
Think out of the box to bring new ideas of process improvements that will be game changer to ensure the best user experience related to couriers.
Drive projects to improve the quality of KPIs such as Delivery Time and Cancellations as well as work on an ongoing accuracy of our courier forecast.
Continuously enable local teams with analysis and dashboards to give visibility on the performance of the main operational KPIs.
Work closely with all the verticals from the Operations team (Courier Ops, GX) to plan, execute, and monitor projects related to operations and the couriers contribution to user experience.
Maintain and analyze business reports and information to aid in the decision-making process of supply chain operational needs, including daily, weekly and monthly reports.
Hire, train and mentor the Team Members.

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

3-5 years of experience in high demanding positions (operations, technology, consulting, investment banking, etc.).
Experience in startups, technological platforms, or the on-demand industry is a plus.
Deep understanding of the user experience and operational levers to improve it.
Results oriented, analytical mindset to re-think our processes is a must.
Experience in gaining actionable insights from large amounts of granular data and ability to translate them into measurable projects for short and long term improvement.
SQL skills are not required but valued.
Ability to manage small work teams and lead changes.
Excellent communication and ability to engage internal and external stakeholders.
Combine a day by day and tactic management with a strategic and long term view.
Fluency in English.

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 