About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:

The way we want to grow is by making every city profitable. To reach this goal we need a 360, analytical and results-driven person to support local Finance teams in decision making. We are in a startup where the time to market is a crucial factor, so we want a problem-solver person with a hands-on attitude.
As part of the Finance Team you will play a key role in driving the Financial Agenda, Analysis  Budgeting activities for Nigeria.

Be a part of a team where you will:


Create and simplify Financial Analysis Tools and processes for Nigeria


Participate and align with HQ FPA Global team in projects to improve visibility on finance performance and ad-hoc projects


Support in Strategic analysis at the regional level (i.e. Pricing Strategy, Operations Strategy)


Work with a cross-functional team (operations, marketing, finance, procurement) to ensure a profitable and flawless execution


Provide business partnerships for General Managers in the Region to help them make strategic decisions with proven ROI


Drive improvements on short- and long-term forecasting models


Become the guardian of the companys growth and profitability since day 1


You have:


Experience in positions related to Finance, Strategy  Data Analysis


Proven track record and strong business acumen


Problem solver approach - you are proactive and autonomous


Data-driven, analytical approach, an ability to take any problem, deep dive, reveal route cause, draft improvement solutions and communicate them to stakeholders


An ability to summarize and present complex plans to Management and key stakeholders


Obsession with continuous improvements, delivering value and allergic to manual tasks!


Full proficiency in English

 G Suite expertise (Sheets, Presentations), Office Suite expertise (Excel)

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
