About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:

In this role you will drive new partners sales in a high velocity sales environment delivering new partners business pipeline, closing deals , and quota against monthly, quarterly, and annual targets. Build strategic partnerships and increase revenue by generating leads, managing partner relationships and close deals.

Be a part of a team where you will:

Help us to understand where we play. Be the bridge between our Partners Team and General Management in order to ensure the company strategy is met through pipeline management 
Manage and acquire the total addressable market. You will be the owner of identifying all the leads in each city and own online and offline sources. We would love to see your creativity in identifying new sources of leads! 
Own the pipeline. As the beginning of the funnel, your core responsibility is to build the optimum pipeline for our sales executives and ensure we have the best content in our app! This includes all the phases of the processing and reviewing the leadsaccounts data. 
Be a role model in Salesforce Data Quality. You will become the owner of our salesforce database quality. This implies managing duplicates and assigning each account (lead, partner, etc.) to its real state. Keep our Salesforce organized ensuring all restaurants have the correct hierarchy information. 
Be a role model in Looker by building dashboards reflecting the partners performances and the Partners  Brands KPI progress
Be part of the Strategic Accounts (Block A) leads decision makers committee based on your Glovo partners and local knowledge
Analyze results and identify your opportunities to achieve your targets.. Meet daily input targets (Tasks, leads and opps impacted) and monthlyquarterly objectives

You have:

Bachelor degree in Business Administration, Economics, Engineering or any related field 
Market local knowledge 
Proven analytical skills 
At least, 3 years of experience in high-performance sales
Strong communication abilities with ability to influence and drive change
Highly motivated, results-driven, strategic thinker, with strong leadership and business fundamentals

Good to have:

Data analysis 
Salesforce, SQL and python experience is a plus!
Previous experience in sales, lead generation, content analysis or in project management

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit
Discounted gym memberships

What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
