If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. A ride that will fuel your ambitions and make a difference in peoples lives. At Glovo, we believe in paving the way forward together!
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia, where we operate in 3000 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales and over 20M customers get their good delivered in minutes. 
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work hard and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION:
Reporting to a Global Growth leader, you will be part of a multicultural A-team of high-achievers with a huge impact in the company, aiming to deconstruct, synthesise, and push initiatives to drive best-in-class customer experience. Ownership and responsibilities will be given to you from Day 1.
You will be thrown at different data challenges where youll be responsible for figuring out intricate sets of information and translate them into actionable insights. The learning curve will be steep as this role entails understanding all the levers of customer retention. An insatiable curiosity for deciphering complexity and problem solving is key to be successful in this role.
The team is by nature cross-functional, so a significant amount of time and energy is spent collaborating with multiple departments from Operations and Customer Service to Finance, Strategy, Growth and Tech.
THE JOURNEY:
Master Glovo Data

Lead all data related queries by conducting exploratory analysis via SQL (occasionally python), including analysing data, isolating and diagnosing the problem and resolving the issue.
Convert data into insights in order to support business decisions.
Design, publish and maintain dashboards and visualisation tools to facilitate reporting.
Liaise with the remaining data teams - you will play a central, pivotal role in building reliable sources for data and insights.
Continuously propose strategic changes and optimizations to the way we track, maintain and use data.

Be a key asset for strategic decision making

Provide key support to senior management and leadership team (i.e. VPs, GMs, Directors) in strategic decision making by providing key intelligence.
Analyse, comprehend and translate customer behaviour from data in order to improve the companys understanding of it in the short, mid and long term.
Lead the analytical workstream of the teams internal consulting projects (e.g. exploring new areas, deep diving on known issues) with the goal of gaining insights andor identifying root causes andor coming up with brand new ideas for strategies and solutions.
Track and report growth KPIs  performance.

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE:

3-5 years of experience in business analytics or similar role.
SQL proficiency as mandatory requirement.
Knowledge in R, Python, looker, Google Analytics, BI Tools are considered a plus.
Bachelor or Master degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Economics, Business Management, Business Intelligence, Business Analytics, Business Management or similar.
Great business knowledge, sense and intuition.
A strong grasp of statistical concepts.
Strong analytical mindset to deliver effective  pragmatic solutions.
Excellent attention to detail - you are methodical and thorough in your analysis (problem statement, data discovery to result in communication).
Problem solver and a structured and sharp mind.
Entrepreneurial drive, risk taker and the ability to achieve goals in a fast paced environment.
Excellent communication, visualisation  storytelling skills to both scientific and business audiences.
Fluent in English, any additional language is a plus.
Willing to take responsibility from day 1.
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude.

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, including nursery support.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here in Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into  our culture by taking a peek at our  Instagram and checking out our Linkedin and website!
 