

If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
Glovo is looking for a world-class Groceries Finance Manager for Glovos Q-Commerce team. Are you able to translate data into actionable insights? Are you looking for a challenging experience in the fastest growing Startups of Barcelona - helping build a product that will disrupt the On-demand market? If your answer is YES we are looking forward to meeting you.THE JOURNEY


Be a Finance Team Leader for a Q-Commerce vertical  in Portugal, and help them to make decisions that will shape the future of our business in the region
Distil complex financial data into impactful commercial insights
Take ownership of the FPA and controlling functions (Business Plan, monthly closings, etc) 
Create a country financial discipline and improve overall profitability, maximizing outputs
Work closely with Global Finance Teams (Legal, Budgeting, Controlling, Treasury, etc) to solve any day-to-day issues and ensure a 100 satisfaction of customers and partners in any topic related to Finance
Work cross functionally to execute on future growth opportunities andor cost saving initiatives
Drive projects to continuously improve, streamline, and automate various areas of the teams responsibility
Work closely with the Finance Leadership to provide financial insights and assess the companys overall progress towards its strategic objectives
Engage in the development of new processes and tools to deliver impactful and actionable insights that drive decision making


WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE


Bachelor degree in Business Administration or related field
3 years of previous relevant experience in logistics, operations, retail, project management, business development with at least 1 of them managing fast-paced teams
Experience in coaching and building teams
Analytical thinker who loves to solve problems (advanced ExcelGoogle Spreadsheet skills are a must)
Be an owner and proactively find solutions to business problems
Be organized. Deliver stuff on time  handle stress well
Excellent communication  written skills in English and Portuguese


Nice to have:

Data-driven decision-making qualifications and be able to manage projects effectively while working on multifaceted projects with many different stakeholders
A deep understanding of how a delivery business works and a keen business mindset
Proactive team member with the will to help to achieve common goals
Capacity to work at a fast pace within an ambitious Group



Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!

