About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
 
Your work-life opportunity:
As a Senior Account Manager, you will have a key role in the Glovo Partner Q-Commerce team by defining the monetisation strategy and execution for your portfolio. You will ensure partner engagement and retention in Glovo by finding ways  to boost the number of orders, generate additional revenue and perfect partner operations. In this role, you will connect with people across all functions, both internally and externally. This is a sales operational role and we are looking for a very organized person with commercial skills, negotiation techniques, agility and time management. As a Senior Account Manager you will have to identify opportunities to overdrive performance and closely monitor company KPIs: gross merchandise value, number of orders, average order value, conversion rate and stock issues. 
 
Be a part of a team where you will:


Establish excellent relationships with Glovos partners through consistent and proactive communication, identifying their needs and building engagement (Partners recurrent meetings and business review presentations).


Evaluate, follow up and build reports of your portfolio and KPIs periodically. Take actions to reach your goals and company OKRs.


Draw and execute plans, making your partners grow through promotions, negotiations, marketing activations and menu performance (selling items, average order backer, conversion rate, cross selling and upselling) . 


Ensure that Glovo has the best content with partners.


Optimize Glovo visibility through marketing actions with our partners (using marketing kits, merchandising, etc)


Improve Glovos revenue through commission renegotiation and selling assets. 


Understand, build action plans and follow up on churned and inactive partners.


Participate and prepare together with Q-commerce Manager the annual negotiations and business reviews;


Improve operational efficiency of our partners by assessing main in store blockers 


Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference


You have:


At least 3 years of experience in high-performance account management or Business Consultancy in FMCG or Retail 


Strong analytical, organizational, and planning skills in a growth and high-performance start-up with a fast pace. 


Ability to work both independently, to take responsibility for actions and to collaborate as part of a team goals is required


Computer literate, good knowledge of Google Docs and MS Office, Excel


Excellent Local Language and English skills.


Capability for problem solving and quick decision making


Strong Commercial and negotiation skills.


Good communication, strong relationship building and presentation skills


Project management skills, highly organized and detail-oriented.


Problem solver, data-driven with an analytical approach


Responsiveness, adaptation, and flexibility


An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude


We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Main KPIs:


Partner growth, Gross  Merchandise Value, Number of Orders, Average order Basket, Conversion rate, Products not Available and cancellation


Achieve other revenues from monetizing Glovos marketing assets


Operational KPIs that affect UX such as cancellations due to partner or Wrong or missing items


Active Partners


Store Coverage


Category management strategy for existing portfolio


 
Main Areas of Contact:


Marketing local team


Operational local team


Finance local Team


Partner support and content teams 


Q-Commerce HQ teams 


Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan (if applicable)


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly meal tickets and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly


Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly


Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning


Care: Uplift people and the planet


Glownership: Act as proud owners


High Bar: Focus on Top Performance


If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
