Data Engineer - Central(They, She, He)
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. A ride that will fuel your ambitions and make a difference in peoples lives. At Glovo, we believe in paving the way forward together!
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia, where we operate in 3000 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
YOUR MISSION
Join our Central Data Engineering team in the Central Data team to take the key role in enabling data domains for high-impact projects, creating and enhancing core Data Products (DPs) used across all teams, and supporting data governance. You will collaborate closely with domain teams and the Data Platform to understand and meet data needs, focusing on unlocking potential value from data. Your ultimate mission will be to drive significant impact through improved decision-making, increased efficiency, and the development of data-driven solutions.
THE JOURNEY

Design and develop robust and efficient data pipelines in AWS, optimizing for scale and cost efficiency.
Leverage Python, Pyspark,dbt and AWS tools to manage and process data effectively.
Work closely with the software engineering team to develop and implement event-driven architectures.
Implement workflow orchestration solutions using tools like Airflow.
Drive best practices in code and ensure high standards for data modelling, data reliability, efficiency, and quality.
Collaborate with different stakeholders, understanding their data needs and ensuring the data infrastructure supports business growth and decisions.
Embrace DevOps principles, ensuring seamless CICD integrations using tools like GHA and Terraform.
Provide guidance, mentorship, and training for junior Data Engineers.
Continuous learning, staying updated with the latest in technology, and being a proactive contributor to the teams knowledge pool.

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE

Proficiency with SQL,data modeling  and best coding practices.
Experience with cloud technologies like GCP or AWS
Experience with Pyspark, with a strong foundation in Python.
Experience working with events data processing 
Hands-on experience with DBT and Airflow.
Basic knowledge of DevOps principles, including CICD, GHA, and Terraform.
Quick to learn and adaptable, eager for new challenges and technologies.
Ability to communicate effectively, both written and spoken, in English.

Nice to have:

Experience with Looker, and other visualization tools.
Strong analytical skills
Experience with test automation (data testing, unit and system integration testing)
Experience building data products in a Data Mesh architecture

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here in Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!