About Glovo:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Hispanic America and Africa. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day. We currently deliver over 40M annual orders and operate in 26 countries, and in 248 cities. 
 
Our vision and ambition are not only to make everything immediately available in your city but it is also to offer our employees the job of their lives. A job where youll be challenged and have the most fun working in through tech-enabled experiences.
YOUR WORK-LIFE OPPORTUNITY:
The Marketing Associate owns growth and engagement initiatives for Glovos most important products. The team is data-driven and results-focused. The person will have a strong technical, analytical, and product background  with a hunger to make products grow. Role performance will be evaluated based on New Customer and Recurrent Customer KPIs as well as reaching profitability targets within a 6-month period. You may also be involved in other tasks requested by your manager due to business needs.
BE A PART OF A TEAM WHERE YOU WILL:

Execute Glovo local marketing plan, adapting global playbook to local needs.
Lead local marketing activation (offline and online) and manageoptimize content to deliver on the agreed growth goals.
Work together with cross-functional teams, such as Pricing, CRM, Performance Marketing, and Brand  Comms,  to run and assess your investments.
Co-execute the promotional plan together with the commercial team.
Manage the country marketing budget.
Build weekly and monthly reports to inform on business performance, providing the appropriate visibility to HQ, the General Manager, the Regional Marketing Director, and other senior management.


 
YOU HAVE:


Bachelor degree in Engineering, Business Administration, Marketing or Economics.
2-3 years experience in blue-chip FMCGs, Ecommerce, or fast-growing global tech companies.
Solid baseline of paid, owned and earned media channels, being comfortable tracking and reporting on established marketing KPIs.
Hands-on attitude, and strong drive to execute on agreed actions and plans.
Highly analytical and comfortable dealing with high growth and complex business challenges. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills, and high standards of document creation and data visualization.
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to influence stakeholders in order to help achieve your goals.
Proficient in English.
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude.


Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly meal benefit and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Discounted gym memberships
Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:



Gas: We work hard with energy and passion for what we do.


Care: We act in the best interest of a sustainable future.


Good vibes: We always see the positive side in every situation and act with fairness and honesty with everyone.


Stay Humble: We embrace mistakes and feedback to learn from them.


Glownership: We roll up our sleeves and get work done no matter our position and level.



If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 

Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. As of September 30, 2019, were currently present in more than 26 countries across Europe, Latin America, Africa, and Asia. 
 
For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:glovoapp.com  Twitter: Glovo_ES  Facebook: https:www.facebook.comglovoappES  LinkedIn: https:www.linkedin.comcompanyglovo-app