





 
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

 
We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.
 
BE A PART OF A TEAM WHERE YOU WILL:

Provide strategic global mobility and immigration expertise to HRBPs, recruiters, and business leaders, People Operations, Payroll, and other teams. Your team will help reach Glovos hiring and mobility goals, and you will work with leaders across the company to ensure that our global mobility programs allow growth and expansion
Continuously assess, develop and improve global mobility processes, tools and policies to ensure an optimal, human centric experience for employees, managers and the Global Mobility team and align to the business growth
Provide support to business trips and basic worldwide moves
Track basic relocations request to HQ; prepare monthly reports tracking in process and initiated transfers
Execute all relocation and home finding cases according to relocation package and relocation policy
Manage the Highly Qualified Professional processes in Spain as well as work permit applications internationally with the help of providers
Coordinating and managing outsourced worldwide vendors by ensuring the services provided comply with our mobility policies, processes and style of communications
Keeping high levels of data accuracy in order to maintain all the stakeholders up to date


Ensure education and support is provided to employees and partners. You and your team will ensure all stakeholders are educated about global mobility and immigration, and that employees receive the best-in-class support on immigration or mobility-related matters.
Proactively manage and analyze vendor performance to improve new hires and employees experience
Ensure compliance with country and local laws
Manage one other team member

 
YOU HAVE:
 

At least 4 years of previous experience in a global or regional mobility and immigration department
Knowledge about the intricacies of global mobility and immigration
Bachelors Degree in a related field
Experience managing vendors and building relationships with both all partners
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English  Spanish
Passion in giving the best service and support to your stakeholders
Ability to navigate from complex issues to the lowest level of detail
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude
Willingness to thrive in dynamic environments

 
We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
 
Nice-to-haves

Previous experience managing Highly Qualified Professional work permits in Spain
Experience managing and developing people and teams 

 
Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Cobee discounts on transportation, food, and even kindergarten expenses.
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!





