
ABOUT GLOVO: 
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives and business acumen to face the affordability challenges demanded by the current global economic scenario. All of this while providing you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (for example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).  
Your work-life opportunity:

And thats just what were doing today - but at Glovo, we always think about the future, too! With teams working on new business and geographical expansion, were in for the long haul. Therefore, Were looking for two Data Recruiters to help us build our Data Sciences and Business Intelligence teams. Youll own the hiring strategy for your teams and hustle to hire the brightest talent in the world. Youll also work on strategic projects to improve and innovate on how we attract and recruit the best professionals, because we know that theres always a better way.
 
You will thrive in an ambiguous environment, love startup culture and adapt to the changing needs of the business as we scale.

You will:


Manage end-to-end recruiting including research, sourcing, candidate assessment  management, offer recommendation, negotiation  acceptance


Manage hiring manager expectations and develop interview processes that lead to quality hires


Improve upon existing programs and develop innovative strategy around finding top talent


Utilizing ATS reports, dashboards, and other tools to illustrate the recruiting pipeline and results


Be passionate about tech and on-demand and why people should work here


Spread GlovoLOVE through attending networking events, e-meetups, etc.


Candidate obsession! Manage your pipeline of candidates and identify what future opportunities they may be a fit for


You have:


A minimum of 3 years of experience recruiting different tech and data profiles in a fast paced environment


History of collaborating successfully with senior managers and business leaders


Experience working on a variety of roleslevels at an international level


Solid understanding of Glovos vision, business model and operations


Stellar networking skills and the ability to make smart recruiting partnerships happen


Metrics oriented. You understand and value backing up recruiting goals and projections with existing data (while never compromising the quality of the candidate experience)

Recommendations available


EXPERIENCE OUR GLOVO LIFE BENEFITS:

Enticing equity plan
Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Cobee discounts on kindergarten, transportation, and food
Discounted gym memberships
Flexible time off, 2 days a week working from home and up to 3 weeks a year working from abroad.
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit
External learning budget

WHAT YOULL FIND WHEN WORKING AT GLOVO: 

Gas: We work with energy, innovation and passion for what we do. We are committed.
Care: We act in the best interest of a sustainable future.
Good vibes: We always see the positive side in every situation and act with fairness and honesty with everyone regardless of gender, sexual orientation, religion, and abilities.
Stay Humble: We embrace mistakes and feedback to learn from them. 
Glownership: We roll up our sleeves and get work done no matter our position and level.
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

 
If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!
Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. 
For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com