ABOUT GLOVO:
Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
Join us as a Glover Experience Specialist and become a key member of Glovos local operations team! We offer a challenging and dynamic environment with many opportunities for learning and development. The couriers, Glovers for us, are the key player in Glovos marketplace.

BE A PART OF A TEAM WHERE YOU WILL:

Own the communication strategy of your country (content, channels, targets, and material) in order to engage the riders community
Become a Courier Voice in the country (Couriers keeper)
Give life to your craziest ideas to generate community management and activities (events) for the riders
Work closely with P.A to improve couriers image in the country
Negotiate local benefits and perks for the riders
Customize the global Brand Book to the local culture
Participate in providing guidance and support to the fleet through focus groups and attention hours
Work on periodical reports analyzing insights from focus groups, surveys, interviews, and others to understand better the riders needs
You will work in sync with the Regional and Global team to increase ROI for the company
Follow up courier app- caring about the aspect of the app

YOU HAVE:

Degree in Business, Marketing, Advertising, Communications or Economics
2-3-year experience in project managementoperationsmarketing. Experience in communications or public relations is a plus
Fluent in English. Excellent verbal and written communication skills in Georgian. 
You understand how to ask the right questions and deduce insights from both quantitative and qualitative data. Data-driven decision-maker
Proactive, objective focus oriented. You have the passion, and you are ready to learn and take on ambitious features.
Stakeholder and accountability skills. You are comfortable working with data, to keep track of the KPIs, and have an analytic mindset. Experience with SQL is a plus
Think out of the box to bring new ideas of process improvements that will be a game changer to ensure the best courier experience
A person who knows the local culture in-depth and is capable of identifying interesting insights to improve glovers experience with Glovo.
Ability to execute fast and well-done activities and events in a dynamic startup environment

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
EXPERIENCE OUR GLOVO LIFE BENEFITS:

Top-notch private health insurance
Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!
Discounted gym memberships
Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit

WHAT YOULL FIND WHEN WORKING AT GLOVO:

Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!

Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com

