
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. 
A ride that will fuel up your ambitions to take on a new challenge and stretch yourself beyond your comfort zone. 
Well deliver a non-vanilla culture built on talent, where we work to amplify the impact on millions of people, paving the way forward together. 
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category app connecting millions of users with businesses, and couriers, offering on-demand services from more than 170,000 local restaurants, grocers and supermarkets, and high street retail stores. We operate in more than 1500 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales through our platform and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.

YOUR MISSION:
Glovo is looking for a world class Data Analyst to join our Regional team in Poland. The team is deployed in the top cities in Poland, leading our growth and working on delivering on our vision of giving everyone easy access to anything in every city in Poland.
THE JOURNEY:

Develop and own scalable and reliable reporting tools for the Regional team, enabling the team to make decisions based on up to date and insightful data with a 360 view, including commercial, operational and financial KPIs.
Support the definition of targets and calculation of achievements both for the team and for single individuals, ensuring fair but challenging targets.
Track KPIs, identifying trends and factors that represent risks and opportunities, across areas such as Sales, Marketing  Growth, Operations, Profitability.
Perform ad hoc analyses and deep dives as required, owning them end to end: frame problem, identify and gather data, perform analysis, present insights and results with appropriate visualizations.
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE:

At least 2 years of experience in an analytical role, working with data to generate insights and make the right decisions
Used to work with ETL processes and gather data from different sources (APIs, Excel and other databases)
Advanced worksheet  modeling skills
Expertise in SQL - Redshift experience a plus
Knowledge of visualization tools like Looker, Tableau, QlikView, etc..
Previous experience in Python and with analysis tools such as Pandas, SciPy, Scikit, JupyteriPython notebooks, R is a plus
Bachelors degree in a scientific or business discipline
Proficiency in English (written and communication) is a must. Proficiency in Polish desired.
Based in Warsaw, Krakw, d, Wrocaw, Gdask or Pozna 
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you! 
 

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 An enticing equity plan that lets you own a piece of the action.
 Top-notch private health insurance to keep you at your peak.
 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days) , the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.
 An external learning budget to fuel your thirst for knowledge and personal growth.

Here at Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!

 