About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
Glovo is looking for an Operations Specialist to join the Spanish team in Madrid. Are you passionate, proactive, data-driven and hands-on? Do you want to evolve into one of the fastest growing Start-ups of Barcelona, building a product that will change peoples day-to- day and disrupt the on-demand market?
Be a part of a team where you will:
 

Be the owner of Operational metrics of existing cities
 Establish the monthlyquarterly goals of your cities and being responsible for the continuous monitoring and achievement
 Own all dashboards for your cities and build new tools to improve our visibility on their performance
 Be able to analyze, deepdive and find solutions to any potential issue that deviates your cities from their goals
 Perform any required analysis to come up with insights to improve metrics in all cities of the region
 Track the impact of all the new implementations that you propose by checking the daily metrics of the cities
 Build, maintain and scale detailed reporting models aiming to support your cities performance and make data driven decisions
 Define, implement and monitor procedures together with local teams to improve the performance of any individual city
 Be an active part of the onboarding process of new riders, including commercial speeches.
 Lead by example by being incredibly truth seeking, making data-driven decisions, and setting the high standards for the team
Actively collaborate with your colleagues and learn from each other in a supportive environment that allows you to grow, develop and make a difference

You have:
 

 1,5  year of relevant experience in operations, logistics or management consulting
 Hands-on attitude and willingness to challengeimprove the status quo
 Passionate about analytics
 Problem-solving skills: no problem is too small or too big 
 ExcelGoogle sheets proficiency
 Proficient in Spanish and English is a must
 Experience in SQL is a plus
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude

 
We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Top-notch private health insurance

Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Nursery support


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
