
About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
 
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
 
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).


Your work-life opportunity:

The Contact tribes vision  mission is to deliver industry leading and best in class customer service experience to all of Glovo users. 
We achieve our vision by delivering on four fronts: 1) Building a communications platform that connects users, couriers, partners and agents; 2) Build automations and self-service tools for resolving customer problems; 3) Deliver a set of tools and processes that enable our agents to deliver the best customer service experience in the shortest time possible; 4) Enable automated learning from the issues our customers run into in order to continuously improve their experience. 
As a Senior Engineering Manager of the Contact cluster, you will lead and support a group of 5 crossfunctional engineering teams that will be building solutions that are used by millions of people all over the world and have a direct impact on all participants of the marketplace. You will have several Engineering Managers as your direct reports and will work closely with a Product counterpart as your peer.
This is a high impact role with a complex set of responsibilities that include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Defining strategy and setting goals for the teams and engineering leaders in your organisation
Ensuring optimal setup, resource allocation, and delivery process to guarantee smooth execution
Growing the next generation of leaders

Candidates for this role will benefit from a diverse experience with Mobile, Backend, and ML technologies.
As a Senior Manager, you will also be the support backbone of your group, enabling teams and leaders to grow, ensuring they are motivated and are high performers.
BE A PART OF A TEAM WHERE YOU WILL:

Work on building innovative solutions to enhance and make efficient the customer suport experience
Build and guide teams that develop software using modern engineering approaches and agile principles
Make our technology and our teams scale as the business grows
Own your deliverables from start to finish
Deliver high-quality solutions
Participate in the teams life and contribute to cluster-level decision-making
Mentor and empower other managersengineers around you

YOU HAVE

Demonstrable experience in leading other leaders and agile teams of engineers with proven ability to grow your teamshire, track their productivity and keep them motivated
Proven ability to define clear KPIs and gather the necessary data to back up your decisions
Experience working with microservices end-to-end and Mobile technology
A deep sense of ownership with clear, demonstrable experience of proactiveness and high level of autonomy
Ability to understand the impact of changes within an engineering organization and how to best manage that impact
Egalitarian management style, empowering your engineering teams and engineering leaders
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude
A good level of spoken and written English is a must


Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Enticing equity plan


Top-notch private health insurance


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Discounted gym memberships


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (2 daysweek of WFH and 3 weeksyear to work from anywhere)


Enhanced parental leave including nursery support!


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


External learning budget


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly
Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance



If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. As of September 30, 2019, were currently present in more than 22 countries across Europe, Latin America, Africa, and Asia. 
 
For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:glovoapp.com  Twitter: Glovo_ES  Facebook: https:www.facebook.comglovoappES  LinkedIn: https:www.linkedin.comcompanyglovo-app.


 