
If youre here, its because youre looking for an exciting ride. A ride that will fuel your ambitions and make a difference in peoples lives. At Glovo, we believe in paving the way forward together!
Not your usual app. We are the fastest-growing multi-category delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia, where we operate in 3000 cities across 25 countries. Every year, 200k merchants generate over 4B in sales and over 20M customers get their goods delivered in minutes.
Together we revolutionize the way people connect with their everyday needs, from delivering essentials to connecting our ecosystem of users through innovative solutions powered by technology. For us, every day is filled with purpose.
What makes our ride unique? 
 Our culture and strong values. 

We have an office-first culture and we place collaboration at the center of everything we do! 
We have a non-vanilla personality and feedback mindset. We dont shy away from difficult conversations - we see them as a gift! 
We work with high intensity and have fun along the way.  We also celebrate the wins (a lot!). 
We celebrate diversity in all its forms and foster an inclusive culture where everyone can bring their authentic selves to work. 

Our career development philosophy. 

We are building a talent house of high performing teams and leaders. We invest in people who raise the bar and help others reach their full potential. 
We take ownership of our career development. We dont believe in linear and predictable career paths - we create the job of our dreams! 
We embrace opportunities to move the needle and make an impact beyond our scope. 

Our commitment to being a force for good. 

Our platform is an important economic tool for millions of people (customers, partners, couriers) and we are taking action to amplify our positive impact. 
We invest in doing good by dedicating time and resources into social and environmental initiatives. 
We have the ambition of being DIB role models across the tech industry. We are creating environments, systems, and processes that provide equal opportunities, break biases, and empower our communities.

We have a vision: To give everyone easy access to anything in their cities. And this is where your ride starts.

YOUR MISSION:

Are you passionate, proactive, data-driven and hands-on? Do you want to evolve in one of the fastest growing Start-up, building a product that will change peoples day-to-day and disrupt the on-demand market?Join us as an analyst and become a key member of Glovos global Courier Experience team! We offer a challenging and dynamic environment with many opportunities for learning and development.The couriers are the key player in Glovos marketplace. We are looking for a Data Analyst Intern who will help the global, regional and local teams with amazing ideas to impact couriers experience collaborating with Glovo.
THE JOURNEY:


Provide analytical support to regional and local teams throughout deeper understanding of Glovo couriers lifecycle.
Perform analysis to come up with important insights and consolidate them to help improve main teams KPIs.
Help build dashboards and visualizations to give life to numbers for the teams most important metrics and KPIs.
Contribute towards the continuous improvement of the courier lifecycle through out-of-the-box thinking.
Understand local and regional needs, and put yourself in the skin of the courier - understand who they are.

WHAT YOU WILL BRING TO THE RIDE:

Bachelor in Engineering, Maths or any technological domain.
Passionate about analytics: you enjoy deep diving into problems to find the root cause.
Problem-solving skills: no problem is too small or too big.
Google SpreadsheetsExcel proficiency.
Good knowledge in SQL.
Some experience in Python or other analytics programming languages is a plus.
Knowledge of visualization tools like Looker or Tableau is a plus.
Exceptional English verbal and written communication skills.
Proactive, organized, and obsessed with details.
An empathetic, inclusive and curious attitude.
Availability to join as a full-timer.

Individuals representing diverse profiles, encompassing various genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds, are less likely to apply for this role if they do not possess solid experience in 100 of these areas. Even if it seems you dont meet our musts dont let it stop you, we are all about finding the best talent out there! Skills can be learned, and embracing diversity is invaluable.
We believe driven talent deserves:

 Monthly Glovo credit to satisfy your cravings with zero delivery fees on all Glovo orders!
 Discounted gym memberships to keep you energized.
Flexible time off (uncapped vacation days), the freedom to work from home two days a week, and the opportunity to work from anywhere for up to three weeks a year!
 Enhanced parental leave, and office-based nursery.
 Online therapy and wellbeing benefits to ensure your mental well-being.

Here in Glovo, we thrive on diversity, we believe it enhances our teams, products, and culture. We know that the best ideas come from a mashup of brilliant diverse minds. This is why we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds - all genders, racialdiverse backgrounds, abilities, ages, sexual orientations and all other unique characteristics that make you YOU. We will encourage you to bring your authentic self to work, fostering an inclusive environment where everyone feels heard. 
Feel free to note your pronouns in your application (e.g., sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).
So, ready to take the wheel and make this the ride of your life? 
Delve into our culture by taking a peek at our Instagram and check out our Linkedin and website!
 