About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds.
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
The way we manage our company is built on the belief that by giving a WOW service to our clients, we will be able to change the delivery market. How are we doing it? By paying attention to all the details. Glovo is a hyperlocal marketplace featuring the most trendy places in each city and delivering their products in less than 60 mins.
We are looking for someone who will join our Supply Operations team and will be responsible for the development, maintenance and optimization of our Courier fleet.
Be a part of a team where you will:

Establish excellent relationships with Glovos third party logistics (3PL) providers and their couriers through consistent and proactive communication, identifying their needs and building engagement (meetings and performance reviews)
Ensure that all Glovers are properly trained and prepared to provide feedback to the Operations Manager
Be responsible for implementing processes and optimizing strategies involving the acquisition and retention of Glovers (couriers)
Have a Data Sensitive approach, making sure that all the information is transferred to our database and reports
Be responsible for all documentation and contracts of Glovers in the city
Be there for the Glovers when they need support
Take care of procurement, ensuring that all Glovers receive the work kit and are ready to spread the Glovo brand
Manage scheduling, attendance and general administration of Info-Sessions while supporting daily operations through operational supervision and analysis of KPIs
Manage order forecasting  Glovers scheduling process
Be responsible for for onboarding  communication with 3PLs (external logistics partners) regarding new processes, tools or key partnerships
Use statistical methods to analyze information and develop solutions to business problems

You have:
Background 

Minimum 1 year of experience in a fast-paced environment (start-ups, FMCG, retail, telecoms, advertising, food-hospitality, etc.)
Bachelor in Business Administration, Ops Management or any degree with quantitative elements (e.g., engineering, maths, etc.)

Skills

Problem solving skills, data-driven with strong analytical skills
Solid communication and interpersonal skills
Project management skills, highly organized and detail-oriented approach
Good knowledge of Google Suite andor MS Office, Excel
Excellent written and spoken Bulgarian  English skills

Culture

Ability to work in a high growth and high-performance start-up with a fast pace. 
Adaptable, positive mindset: possess a flexible attitude towards evolving roles within the commercial domain. we value versatility and the ability to adapt to new challenges while ensuring a stable and consistent job scope.

We are always looking for the best candidates, so if you think you would be a good fit even if you dont meet 100 of the requirements we would love to hear from you!
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:

Top-notch private health insurance 
Free deliveries  80 BGN monthly to be paid in food vouchers
Multisport card with discount for employees (40 BGN per employee) 
Flexible time off and hybrid working model (at least 3 days at the office)
Enhanced parental leave including nursery support
Fresh fruit, coffee and snacks
Online therapy and wellbeing benefit

What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
