About Glovo:

Were a Barcelona-based startup and the fastest-growing delivery player in Europe, Africa, and Western Asia. With food at the core of the business, Glovo delivers any product within your city at any time of day.
At Glovo, youll have the job of your life while working together towards our shared vision to give everyone easy access to anything in their city. We welcome top performers that will bring new ideas, diverse perspectives, and provide you the opportunities and freedom to grow and make a real impact on millions of lives all while having fun!
We believe that diversity adds incredible value to our teams, our products, and our culture. We know that the best ideas and solutions come by bringing together people from all over the world and by fostering a culture of inclusion where everyone feels heard and has the chance to make a real impact. Its because of this that we are committed to providing equal opportunities to talent from all backgrounds. 
In your application, please feel free to note which pronouns you use (For example: sheherhers, hehimhis, theythemtheirs, etc).

Your work-life opportunity:
At Glovo, we are looking for a talented and ambitious Operations  Account Manager Intern to join our Regional Team in Warsaw, and support our Glovers and Partners in succeeding on Glovos platform. Are you looking for a challenging experience in one of the fastest growing Startups in Europe? Do you want to contribute in building a product that will disrupt the On demand market?
Be a part of a team where you will:

Support the Glovers Specialists in onboarding sessions
Support Glovers with possible queries and FAQs on a daily basis
Assure every Glover has every required material
Support Glover Specialists in running feedback sessions and focus groups
Report to the Operations Manager regarding the most common fleet problems
Proactively look for ideas for improvement and new ideas to make couriers life better
Support Account Managers in their daily tasks as well as running a small own project - partners menu updates, replying to partners queries etc.

You have:

Availability for a full-time 6 months internship
Open attitude - we care about positive vibes at work :)
Strong communications skills and customer service approach
Detail oriented, proactive approach and great organizational skills
Fluent Polish is a must and English 
Ability to think out of the box and act with gas

An empathetic, inclusive and curious mindset
Experience our Glovo Life benefits:


Monthly Glovo credit to spend on our restaurant products and zero delivery fee on all Glovo orders!


Flexible time off (take the time you need) and hybrid working model (own your time)


Online therapy and wellbeing benefit


Discounted gym memberships


Paid internship


What youll find when working at Glovo:


Gas: Driven to deliver quality results quickly

Good Vibes: Bring positivity and communicate openly
Stay Humble: Self-aware and open to learning
Care: Uplift people and the planet
Glownership: Act as proud owners
High Bar: Focus on Top Performance

If you believe you match these values, we look forward to meeting you!
 
Wanna take a peek into what its like to work at Glovo? Follow us on Instagram and like us on Facebook!


Glovo is transforming the way consumers access local goods, enabling anyone to get almost any product delivered in minutes. Our on-demand logistics connect customers with independent local couriers who acquire goods from any restaurant or store in a city, as well as deliver urgent packages for a variable fee. For additional information on Glovo, please visit https:about.glovoapp.com
