About us
At GoCardless we believe bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We also believe that bank account data is a powerful tool to make better, faster decisions. Were making it easy to use both- for businesses everywhere.  
GoCardless is used for domestic and international payments by 75,000 organisations and counting, processing more than 30 billion across 30 countries. Were an award-winning London based fintech, with additional offices in Riga, Paris and Melbourne.Accelerate Revenue Mission
Accelerate Revenue is a cross-functional organisation with a mission to grow in-life revenue by growing customer usage, cross-selling products and driving long-term committed revenue deals. We are on a mission to deliver over 50m incremental revenue over the next 5 years. To help us achieve this, were leading a mixture of in-product and out-of-product growth initiatives to grow revenue within our merchant and payer communities.
The role
We are looking for a Customer Growth Marketing Manager to help us execute our lifecycle communications and in-product experimentation that unlock revenue opportunities within our new and active customer base.
Youll be responsible for identifying high value segments and revenue opportunities within them, creating compelling copy, collaborating with our Revenue Insights team to leverage discovery, quantify, project, measure and communicate revenue impact.
What excites you

You love designing and activating localised merchant communication programs for multiple geos (previous experience working in ANZ, Spain, US  DACH regions would be very welcome)  
You will have recent copywriting experience
Contributing your marketing voice within the Accelerate Revenue group
Driving impact on the revenue KPIs within the team
Contributing to a cross-functional team  tasked with creating meaningful and quality experiences that grow the ARPU of our customers.
Developing growth marketing techniques using tools such as Marketing Cloud, Intercom and more
Deploying a wide range of in-product and out-of-product marketing techniques to help the team achieve its goals
Designing and activate localised merchant communication programs in key global markets

What excites us

You have a proven track record in a Growth Marketing function , ideally within a startup or scaleup SaaS business (fintech would be highly desirable).
You are comfortable diving into data to produce informed strategic recommendations and insights (familiarity with tools like Google Analytics, Looker, SFMC and Intercom preferred)
You have a proven ability to work effectively in cross-functional growth teams
Youre passionate about growth marketing and can draw on first-hand experiences as well as being well-read on winning Growth Marketing approaches
You have experience in deploying a wide range of in-product and out-of-product marketing techniques to help the team achieve its goals
You are a self-starter with an entrepreneurial and growth mindset
Second European language (German, French or Spanish) is highly desirable but not essential
(some of) The good stuff

Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover
Work away scheme - you can apply to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period
Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle
Equity - all permanently employed GCs get equity to help you make a valuable contribution 
Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on lifes great adventure
Time off - generous holiday allowance,  3 annual volunteer days,  4 annual business-wide wellness days (GC Fridays)

Life at GoCardless  
Were an organisation defined by our values; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure its aligned with our mission. We act with integrity, always. We care deeply about what we do and we know its essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. 
Diversity  Inclusion
Were building the bank payment network of the future and our ambition is to move money anywhere, for anything, for anyone. If were going to achieve this goal, we need to build a team of GeeCees that is as wonderfully diverse as the world we live in - with a multitude of perspectives, experiences  backgrounds.
Weve got a long way to go, but heres how were doing as of June 2023;
42 identify as women
28 identify as Black, Asian, Mixed or Other
9 identify as LGBTQIA
9 identify as neurodiverse
2 identify as disabled
Were rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support.
If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here as well as our latest DI Report 
Sustainability 
Were committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. In 2021 we became co-founders of the Tech Zero coalition, a group of businesses committed to taking climate action as part of the UNFCCC Race to Zero. We aim to reduce our impact and to create positive change on the natural world. Check out our sustainability action plan here. 
Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn. 