About us
At GoCardless we believe bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We also believe that bank account data is a powerful tool to make better, faster decisions. Were making it easy to use both- for businesses everywhere.  
GoCardless is used for domestic and international payments by 75,000 organisations and counting, processing more than 30 billion across 30 countries. Were an award-winning London based fintech, with additional offices in Riga, Paris and Melbourne.The role
As a software engineer in the Internal Risk Group, you will be responsible for building solutions that help GC understand and mitigate any risk posed by the merchants we serve and unlock compliant growth, with minimal frictions for onboarding new merchants. We do it by gathering various data points both internally and externally and process them to feed them to ML models and also external toolings to create alerts when there are any adverse events and thus that are handled by various operational teams.
Tech stack and tools:Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL, BigQuery, and Google Cloud Storage. Across GoCardless, our other technologies include: Golang, Python, React, Kubernetes, Elasticsearch, Prometheus, Google Cloud (GCP)
What excites you 

Building tools and integrating solutions to fight bad actors and helping protect GoCardless.
Working along with Data ScientistsBI Engineers, building data pipelines, backend APIs and predictive engines for turning large volumes of raw data into actionable insights.
Working on problems affecting multiple teams and internal stakeholders like Risk and Finance organisations.
Building a smarter organisation by automating manual processes and jobs, to do more and move faster.
Transforming our systems to serve more customers and unlock new markets.

What excites us 

Strong background in backend technologies like Ruby on rails, Python, SQL, APIs
Strong software development and design skills, ability to navigate complex code blocks and ambiguity while working with different teams.
Good understanding of Financial Risk domain - Fraud, AML, Credit, Compliance
Great team player, with ability to work well across teams and attitude to learn fast and do more.

We dont expect you to meet every requirement. If youre excited by this role, we encourage you to apply. 
Salary: 5,600 - 7,590 eurgross(some of) The good stuff

Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover
Work away scheme - you can apply to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period
Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle
Equity - all permanently employed GCs get equity to help you make a valuable contribution 
Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on lifes great adventure
Time off - generous holiday allowance,  3 annual volunteer days,  4 annual business-wide wellness days (GC Fridays)

Life at GoCardless  
Were an organisation defined by our values; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure its aligned with our mission. We act with integrity, always. We care deeply about what we do and we know its essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. 
Diversity  Inclusion
Were building the bank payment network of the future and our ambition is to move money anywhere, for anything, for anyone. If were going to achieve this goal, we need to build a team of GeeCees that is as wonderfully diverse as the world we live in - with a multitude of perspectives, experiences  backgrounds.
Weve got a long way to go, but heres how were doing as of June 2023;
42 identify as women
28 identify as Black, Asian, Mixed or Other
9 identify as LGBTQIA
9 identify as neurodiverse
2 identify as disabled
Were rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support.
If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here as well as our latest DI Report 
Sustainability 
Were committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. In 2021 we became co-founders of the Tech Zero coalition, a group of businesses committed to taking climate action as part of the UNFCCC Race to Zero. We aim to reduce our impact and to create positive change on the natural world. Check out our sustainability action plan here. 
Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn. 