About us
At GoCardless we believe bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We also believe that bank account data is a powerful tool to make better, faster decisions. Were making it easy to use both- for businesses everywhere.  
GoCardless is used for domestic and international payments by 75,000 organisations and counting, processing more than 30 billion across 30 countries. Were an award-winning London based fintech, with additional offices in Riga, Paris and Melbourne.The role
The role will be working within the Accelerate Revenue team. Accelerate Revenue is a cross-functional organisation with a mission to help our customers get the most out of GoCardless. This means helping them better use our platform, helping them use new products and services, and helping them grow their business. As a result, this team expects to deliver over 50m in incremental revenue over the next 5  years. To help us achieve this, were leaning on a mixture of in- and out-of-product growth initiatives that need to be truly customer-centric in order to succeed. 
As a product marketer within the team, it will be your job to ensure we completely understand the needs of our customers so we can best deliver this. Your remit can be summarised in three core areas: 
What excites you 

Understanding what our customers want to get out of using our product, what needs they have and what is important to them. Youll use a mixture of qual and quant inputs to develop this. 
Using this knowledge to develop value propositions, positioning and messaging that means our customers understand precisely what value they can get out of GoCardless, across multiple segments, use cases and stages of the customer journey.
Work with product and marketing teams to implement this into campaigns, products and services. 
Building a better payments ecosystem, as well as the value of leveraging bank account data to do that

Theres a lot of work to be done, but one of our key tenets for 202324 is do fewer things, better. We want to select the activities that will have the maximum impact on the business and focus on them. 
What excites us  

Prior experience of taking innovative new B2B products and features to market,
You believe that product launch doesnt stop at launch - adoption and business impact is how you measure yourself. You have developed innovative messaging, positioning and value proposition frameworks for complex problems and new products. 
You are adept at market research and can demonstrate influencing business and product strategy as a result of that research.
You have strong quantitative analytical skills and are experienced in extracting insights from data.
You know that talking to customers is the best way to understand the challenges they face, and frequently do so.
You have a lot of experience engaging with product and engineering teams to solve customers problems.
You enjoy working independently, given a set of objectives. 
You also enjoy cross-functional work with disparate areas of the business. 

We dont expect you to meet every requirement. If youre excited by this role, we encourage you to apply.(some of) The good stuff

Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover
Work away scheme - you can apply to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period
Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle
Equity - all permanently employed GCs get equity to help you make a valuable contribution 
Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on lifes great adventure
Time off - generous holiday allowance,  3 annual volunteer days,  4 annual business-wide wellness days (GC Fridays)

Life at GoCardless  
Were an organisation defined by our values; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure its aligned with our mission. We act with integrity, always. We care deeply about what we do and we know its essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. 
Diversity  Inclusion
Were building the bank payment network of the future and our ambition is to move money anywhere, for anything, for anyone. If were going to achieve this goal, we need to build a team of GeeCees that is as wonderfully diverse as the world we live in - with a multitude of perspectives, experiences  backgrounds.
Weve got a long way to go, but heres how were doing as of June 2023;
42 identify as women
28 identify as Black, Asian, Mixed or Other
9 identify as LGBTQIA
9 identify as neurodiverse
2 identify as disabled
Were rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support.
If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here as well as our latest DI Report 
Sustainability 
Were committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. In 2021 we became co-founders of the Tech Zero coalition, a group of businesses committed to taking climate action as part of the UNFCCC Race to Zero. We aim to reduce our impact and to create positive change on the natural world. Check out our sustainability action plan here. 
Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn. 