About us
At GoCardless we believe bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We also believe that bank account data is a powerful tool to make better, faster decisions. Were making it easy to use both- for businesses everywhere.  
GoCardless is used for domestic and international payments by 75,000 organisations and counting, processing more than 30 billion across 30 countries. Were an award-winning London based fintech, with additional offices in Riga, Paris and Melbourne.The role
GoCardless is on a mission to become the worlds bank payment network. Customer Operations is set to play a vital role in the businesss ambition to reach this goal. This team is responsible for scaling, optimising, and at times creating sustainable operational processes that will help the business evolve and thrive in the Open Banking industry. This role is vital to the successful delivery of the companys objectives and ensuring were supporting our Customers journey from day one.
If youre eager to make your mark and are looking for an exciting challenge, this may be your role. Youll be working closely with our customers and touching base with a variety of teams and stakeholders within GoCardless. Youll also have the opportunity to develop your communication, operational, and prioritisation skills. Though you will be expected to hit the ground running, youll be part of a dedicated team thats well-established and has a focus on developing careers. To that end, before you start, theres paid training, an induction, and a thorough onboarding process, so you get comfortable with the GoCardless product. If youre happy working in a fast-paced environment where the work is varied and challenging, then this is the role for you.

This role is part of the Customer Operations group and is responsible for supporting customers and carrying out Customer  KYC responsibilities such as carrying out KYC checks, providing an excellent level of service by owning customer queries relating to product usage, general enquiries and troubleshooting.
While setting up this team, we will begin by dedicating the team to tasks related to customers or KYC. The role is expected to eventually blend KYC and customer skills, making it an excellent career path in Customer Operations as both are very essential skills in fast-paced fintech. Not only will it allow for two essential skill sets to be developed and mastered that are key for the fintech industry but it will allow for development and growth into a multitude of pathways such as AML Analysis, senior customer support and potential management opportunities.
Location
Hybrid  1 day a week in the London office
Working hours

Monday - Friday 8.00am - 5.00pm

We are a 24x7 operation and require our employees to demonstrate a willingness to work on some bank holidays.
As part of your training in your first week, it will be fully office based 10.00am - 6.00pm before transitioning to your remote working pattern in week 2.
What excites you 
As a Customer  KYC Specialist, you will:

Support Partners and Developers in using the Gocardless product 
Supporting customers through various channels, ensuring the delivery of a world-class customer experience
Conduct onboarding checks, ensuring that our local and global KYC (Know your Customer) requirements are met while ensuring new and existing customers have a seamless experience by delivering high-quality KYC reviews
Be responsible for handling KYC escalations and screening queries from your colleagues
Conduct enhanced due diligence on GoCardless customers, identifying risks and making recommendations on how these risks can be mitigated
Perform politically exposed (PEP), Sanctions and Adverse media screening
Work on projects to improve the customer experience and enable further scaling of the team

We care about customer experience, speed and quality. We have challenging KPIs that we work hard to deliver against and growing markets to serve as GoCardless expands globally. 
What excites us 

You have some previous experience working in a Customer support andor KYC role
You have a flawless command of English and communicate clearly in speaking and writing, and are happy to support customers via email or over the phone. 
You care deeply about providing customers with a great experience
You take pride in having strong attention to detail and always see tasks through to completion 
Youre proactive, can pre-empt issues and are a creative problem solver
You have the ability to keep calm under pressure
Ability to learn API programming
You understand the importance of anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing
Youre comfortable working with internal stakeholders at all levels, upholding our core product  compliance requirements with a problem-solving approach
Prior experience using tools like Zendesk, Intercom or Looker is preferred
An interestbasic experience in coding languages such as PHP, .NET, Java, Ruby and Python are desirable

We dont expect you to meet every requirement. If youre excited by this role, we encourage you to apply.(some of) The good stuff

Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover
Work away scheme - you can apply to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period
Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle
Equity - all permanently employed GCs get equity to help you make a valuable contribution 
Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on lifes great adventure
Time off - generous holiday allowance,  3 annual volunteer days,  4 annual business-wide wellness days (GC Fridays)

Life at GoCardless  
Were an organisation defined by our values; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure its aligned with our mission. We act with integrity, always. We care deeply about what we do and we know its essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. 
Diversity  Inclusion
Were building the bank payment network of the future and our ambition is to move money anywhere, for anything, for anyone. If were going to achieve this goal, we need to build a team of GeeCees that is as wonderfully diverse as the world we live in - with a multitude of perspectives, experiences  backgrounds.
Weve got a long way to go, but heres how were doing as of June 2023;
42 identify as women
28 identify as Black, Asian, Mixed or Other
9 identify as LGBTQIA
9 identify as neurodiverse
2 identify as disabled
Were rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support.
If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here as well as our latest DI Report 
Sustainability 
Were committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. In 2021 we became co-founders of the Tech Zero coalition, a group of businesses committed to taking climate action as part of the UNFCCC Race to Zero. We aim to reduce our impact and to create positive change on the natural world. Check out our sustainability action plan here. 
Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn. 