About us
At GoCardless we believe bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We also believe that bank account data is a powerful tool to make better, faster decisions. Were making it easy to use both- for businesses everywhere.  
GoCardless is used for domestic and international payments by 75,000 organisations and counting, processing more than 30 billion across 30 countries. Were an award-winning London based fintech, with additional offices in Riga, Paris and Melbourne.The role
As a Software Development Engineer at GoCardless, youll be integral to our Bank Account Data team working to streamline experience for our customers.
Youll collaborate closely with product and other teams to innovate, maintain, and optimise our product, marking a key role in operational efficiency for our merchants and internal users while ensuring smooth operation for the worlds aspiring bank payments network.
Our technologies
We endeavour to build simple, reliable, and secure tooling and believe in using the most suitable technologies for each task. Joining the Bank Account Data group, youll be working in a team that interacts with a diverse stack of technologies and services including Python, Django, JavaScript, Google Cloud (GCP).
Across GoCardless, we use a broad range of additional technologies such as React, PostgreSQL, Kubernetes, Elasticsearch, and Prometheus.
Proficiency in all of these technologies is not a prerequisite. If youre unsure, please apply.
What excites you

Youre looking to foster an exceptional engineering culture within GoCardless and contribute to the larger engineering community
You enjoy gaining insights and collaborating with people from diverse backgrounds and experiences
You take pride in your work and the difference it can make
Our engineers contribute to the engineering culture within and outside of GoCardless: they contribute to Open Source Software projects (see our Github), and share learnings in post-mortems, conferences and on our blog.

What excites us 

Professional experience of building web applications and a keen awareness of technologies across the stack
Strong frontend foundations: ES6, CSS (e.g. grid, flexbox, custom properties), event delegation, custom elements, web components etc.
Understanding of backend technologies: Python, Django, PostgreSQL, REST API
You adapt to new technologies and processes quickly
You thrive in a collaborative environment and believe the best products are built through collaboration
You enjoy solving problems and are happy to take initiative to find better solutions
You enjoy mentoring and supporting the development of team members and colleagues.

We dont expect you to meet every requirement. If youre excited by this role, we encourage you to apply. 
Salary: 5,600 - 7,590 eurgross(some of) The good stuff

Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover
Work away scheme - you can apply to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period
Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle
Equity - all permanently employed GCs get equity to help you make a valuable contribution 
Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on lifes great adventure
Time off - generous holiday allowance,  3 annual volunteer days,  4 annual business-wide wellness days (GC Fridays)

Life at GoCardless  
Were an organisation defined by our values; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure its aligned with our mission. We act with integrity, always. We care deeply about what we do and we know its essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. 
Diversity  Inclusion
Were building the bank payment network of the future and our ambition is to move money anywhere, for anything, for anyone. If were going to achieve this goal, we need to build a team of GeeCees that is as wonderfully diverse as the world we live in - with a multitude of perspectives, experiences  backgrounds.
Weve got a long way to go, but heres how were doing as of June 2023;
42 identify as women
28 identify as Black, Asian, Mixed or Other
9 identify as LGBTQIA
9 identify as neurodiverse
2 identify as disabled
Were rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support.
If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here as well as our latest DI Report 
Sustainability 
Were committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. In 2021 we became co-founders of the Tech Zero coalition, a group of businesses committed to taking climate action as part of the UNFCCC Race to Zero. We aim to reduce our impact and to create positive change on the natural world. Check out our sustainability action plan here. 
Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn. 