About us
At GoCardless we believe bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We also believe that bank account data is a powerful tool to make better, faster decisions. Were making it easy to use both- for businesses everywhere.  
GoCardless is used for domestic and international payments by 75,000 organisations and counting, processing more than 30 billion across 30 countries. Were an award-winning London based fintech, with additional offices in Riga, Paris and Melbourne.The role
At GoCardless, we have successfully build a team of 8 skilled Ruby developers and are now seeking a talented senior level engineer to join our Ruby development team. 
The technical challenges of building GoCardless span from simplifying building banking schemes to optimising the time to render the dashboard. Were looking for engineers to join our growing Connectivity Group, where youll be working on problems that sit at the core of GoCardless: orchestrating and keeping track of the movement of funds, as well as building and maintaining the bank and scheme integrations that make it possible to keep our merchants cash flowing.
What excites you:

Youre looking to champion a great engineering culture within GC and in the wider engineering community;
You enjoy collaborating and learning from people from various backgrounds and experiences;
You want to feel proud of the work youre doing and its impact on real customers.
Our engineers contribute to the engineering culture within and outside of GoCardless: they contribute to Open Source Software projects (see our Github), and share learnings in post-mortems, conferences and on our blog.

Our technologies
We endeavour to build simple, reliable systems and we believe in using the best technologies for each task. Joining the Connectivity Group youll be working in a team that primarily uses: Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL, BigQuery, and Google Cloud Storage.
Across GoCardless, our other technologies include: Golang, Python, React, Kubernetes, Elasticsearch, Prometheus, Google Cloud (GCP).
Youre not expected to have expertise in all these technologies. Members of our team have picked up the tools once theyve started working with the team. If youre unsure, please apply.
What excites us:

Professional experience of building applications in Ruby
You have experience building web products and services, and have an awareness of technologies across the stack.
You adapt to new technologies and processes quickly.
You thrive in a collaborative environment and believe the best products are built through collaboration.
You care about building reliable, well-tested systems.
You enjoy solving problems and are happy to take initiative to find better solutions.
You enjoy mentoring and supporting the development of team members and colleagues

Salary Range: 5600 - 7500 EURgross(some of) The good stuff

Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover
Work away scheme - you can apply to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period
Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle
Equity - all permanently employed GCs get equity to help you make a valuable contribution 
Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on lifes great adventure
Time off - generous holiday allowance,  3 annual volunteer days,  4 annual business-wide wellness days (GC Fridays)

Life at GoCardless  
Were an organisation defined by our values; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure its aligned with our mission. We act with integrity, always. We care deeply about what we do and we know its essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. 
Diversity  Inclusion
Were building the bank payment network of the future and our ambition is to move money anywhere, for anything, for anyone. If were going to achieve this goal, we need to build a team of GeeCees that is as wonderfully diverse as the world we live in - with a multitude of perspectives, experiences  backgrounds.
Weve got a long way to go, but heres how were doing as of June 2023;
42 identify as women
28 identify as Black, Asian, Mixed or Other
9 identify as LGBTQIA
9 identify as neurodiverse
2 identify as disabled
Were rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support.
If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here as well as our latest DI Report 
Sustainability 
Were committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. In 2021 we became co-founders of the Tech Zero coalition, a group of businesses committed to taking climate action as part of the UNFCCC Race to Zero. We aim to reduce our impact and to create positive change on the natural world. Check out our sustainability action plan here. 
Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn. 