About us
At GoCardless we believe bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We also believe that bank account data is a powerful tool to make better, faster decisions. Were making it easy to use both- for businesses everywhere.  
GoCardless is used for domestic and international payments by 75,000 organisations and counting, processing more than 30 billion across 30 countries. Were an award-winning London based fintech, with additional offices in Riga, Paris and Melbourne.The role
We are looking for a Sponsorship Marketing Manager to manage and execute our sponsorship programmes, the primary focus being our recent sponsorship with Swim England. The role will be responsible for the end-to-end management of the Swim England sponsorship including rights activations, event management, development of sponsorship marketing assets from concept through to production, leading associated communications campaigns to drive awareness and implementing metrics and tracking to measure brand exposure and business impact.
The successful candidate will be adept at building relationships with internal and external stakeholders and collaborating with different teams to work towards a common goal. It will be a very hands-on role - from coordinating our presence at events to creating and executing a comprehensive communications plan.
This is an opportunity for someone already in a marketing or sponsorship role, whos looking to take ownership of a sponsorship project. This is our first foray into sports sponsorship at GoCardless and we believe there is a huge opportunity for it to have a real commercial impact on our business. The role focuses on driving awareness of GoCardless across the Swim England ecosystem and beyond into other sports membership clubs and engaging with clubs to sign up to and use GoCardless for their payments.
You will lead the Swim England sponsorship project team at GoCardless including brand design, partnerships, customer advocacy and content and will also work closely with the Comms team to drive integrated brand and communication strategies around our association with Swim England.
Youll be responsible for the Swim England sponsorship budget and reporting and tracking on brand awareness and commercial metrics.  You will also support other sponsorship activities including events and content sponsorships as required.
The role is a two-year fixed term contract and reports to our Head of Content Marketing. 
 
What excites you 

Youre hands-on, driven by execution and seeing results
Youre passionate about ideating, creating and producing content, events and activities (either by yourself or with internal and external resources) that resonate with and add value to your target audience.
You have a strong understanding of brand and the role of sponsorships in the acquisition of customers.
You always think customer first and will champion the customer in everything you do.
You are a strong copywriter and storyteller, able to translate complex and technical information into something that can easily be absorbed by a small business, club membership audience. 

What excites us  
You dont need to have experience in the payments or financial world. Rather, youll be passionate about marketing communications and a fast learner with an interest in disruptive technologies that are helping to create a better world for businesses. 

Skills: Excellent written and verbal communication skills (English), attention to detail, strong project management skills, event management, creativity and content creation. 
Experience: Event management and copywriting skills are essential.  
Personal qualities: strong interpersonal skills, ability to work in a team environment (virtually and office-based), and the ability to work in a fast-paced environment.

We dont expect you to meet every requirement. If youre excited by this role, we encourage you to apply. (some of) The good stuff

Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover
Work away scheme - you can apply to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period
Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle
Equity - all permanently employed GCs get equity to help you make a valuable contribution 
Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on lifes great adventure
Time off - generous holiday allowance,  3 annual volunteer days,  4 annual business-wide wellness days (GC Fridays)

Life at GoCardless  
Were an organisation defined by our values; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure its aligned with our mission. We act with integrity, always. We care deeply about what we do and we know its essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. 
Diversity  Inclusion
Were building the bank payment network of the future and our ambition is to move money anywhere, for anything, for anyone. If were going to achieve this goal, we need to build a team of GeeCees that is as wonderfully diverse as the world we live in - with a multitude of perspectives, experiences  backgrounds.
Weve got a long way to go, but heres how were doing as of June 2023;
42 identify as women
28 identify as Black, Asian, Mixed or Other
9 identify as LGBTQIA
9 identify as neurodiverse
2 identify as disabled
Were rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support.
If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here as well as our latest DI Report 
Sustainability 
Were committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. In 2021 we became co-founders of the Tech Zero coalition, a group of businesses committed to taking climate action as part of the UNFCCC Race to Zero. We aim to reduce our impact and to create positive change on the natural world. Check out our sustainability action plan here. 
Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn. 