About us
At GoCardless we believe bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We also believe that bank account data is a powerful tool to make better, faster decisions. Were making it easy to use both- for businesses everywhere.  
GoCardless is used for domestic and international payments by 75,000 organisations and counting, processing more than 30 billion across 30 countries. Were an award-winning London based fintech, with additional offices in Riga, Paris and Melbourne.The role
Following a series of organisational changes to ensure our business is more focussed on winning than ever, were now transforming our culture to drive high performance and delivery at pace whilst staying true to our core values by ensuring we create an inclusive environment for people to thrive. Central to this transformation is our people partnering model and the opportunity to provide a high quality, proactive service to senior stakeholders in a matrix working environment. 
Were looking for a People Partner, based in London, who demonstrates curiosity and drive for the teams they support, and is motivated by a desire to influence through strong relationships and delivering value-adding insights. Youll be championing GoCardless Diversity, Equity  Inclusion and learning initiatives, driving manager effectiveness and providing guidance about growing high performing teams. As a People Partner in a fast paced technology business you will have the opportunity to define your day to day work and your career path at GC.
What excites you 

Facilitating how our performance culture and values are represented across the company - how they influence behaviours, how teams work together, and how managers can reinforce and role model them
Operating as the key HR contact for the leaders in your client groups, providing coaching and guidance across the employee lifecycle, including performance development and capability, employee engagement, employee relations, talent management, and succession planning
Identifying learning opportunities and requirements for your teams, research and recommend solutions that support employee development  succession plans
Contribute to key people projects or processes and work with the team to define, develop and deliver these in line with business objectives
Operate as the lead for performance management cases and manage employee relations cases, working closely with Senior People Partners to resolve and de-risk as soon as possible

What excites us  

You have generalist HR expertise and in addition you have been developing your Business Partnering capability in a fast-growth, innovative organisation
Knowledge of working practices and employment law in the UK are essential. Experience operating within a US, France or Latvia context is a bonus
Youre able to influence, coach, and develop effective working relationships with employees at all levels, gaining their acceptance, and driving change quickly
You are intellectually curious, and you can bring valuable insights from data or cultural observation into the team and business
You are motivated by the opportunity to define a true partnering model and show your stakeholders the value you can drive by working hand in hand 
You have been part of a progressive people team where there has been measurable success on the organisation and a positive impact on the culture

We dont expect you to meet every requirement. If youre excited by this role, we encourage you to apply.(some of) The good stuff

Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover
Work away scheme - you can apply to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period
Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle
Equity - all permanently employed GCs get equity to help you make a valuable contribution 
Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on lifes great adventure
Time off - generous holiday allowance,  3 annual volunteer days,  4 annual business-wide wellness days (GC Fridays)

Life at GoCardless  
Were an organisation defined by our values; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure its aligned with our mission. We act with integrity, always. We care deeply about what we do and we know its essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. 
Diversity  Inclusion
Were building the bank payment network of the future and our ambition is to move money anywhere, for anything, for anyone. If were going to achieve this goal, we need to build a team of GeeCees that is as wonderfully diverse as the world we live in - with a multitude of perspectives, experiences  backgrounds.
Weve got a long way to go, but heres how were doing as of June 2023;
42 identify as women
28 identify as Black, Asian, Mixed or Other
9 identify as LGBTQIA
9 identify as neurodiverse
2 identify as disabled
Were rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support.
If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here as well as our latest DI Report 
Sustainability 
Were committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. In 2021 we became co-founders of the Tech Zero coalition, a group of businesses committed to taking climate action as part of the UNFCCC Race to Zero. We aim to reduce our impact and to create positive change on the natural world. Check out our sustainability action plan here. 
Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn. 