About us
At GoCardless we believe bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We also believe that bank account data is a powerful tool to make better, faster decisions. Were making it easy to use both- for businesses everywhere.  
GoCardless is used for domestic and international payments by 75,000 organisations and counting, processing more than 30 billion across 30 countries. Were an award-winning London based fintech, with additional offices in Riga, Paris and Melbourne.The role
As Demand Generation Manager - North America, you will create and manage demand generation programs for the North America region. This is an individual contributor role focused on generating marketing qualified accounts (MQAs) that convert through our Sales team and ensuring that we are targeting the right audience to help drive meetings and influence pipeline and bookings. This role is ideal for a growth-minded marketer experienced in working autonomously to create and constantly iterate campaigns, using data to track performance and results. 
You will report to the Head of Demand Generation - International Markets and work closely with internal stakeholders, such as the NA General Manager and wider sales org to create demand generation plans aligned to commercial objectives. You will be responsible for identifying the most attractive pockets of opportunity and developing the right marketing approaches to unlock them. To do this, you will need to collaborate with our broader marketing functions (including Audience, Content, Partner Marketing, Revenue Operations, Product Marketing, etc.) and external agency partners.
What excites you 

You love executing effective digital-first marketing strategies to scale volume of MQAs that help drive sales-led meetings  influence bookings. 
ROI : Co-manage the demand generation budget for NA. Allocate resources to channels that yield a return on investment.
ABM : Execute a rolling plan of demand generation and pipeline acceleration programs aligned to target account lists. Define how when to speak to prospects per funnel stage.
Campaigns : Align and customize global campaigns to fit regional needs. Localize and create targeted campaigns to drive demand through a variety of channels including: paid ads, webinars, direct mailing, etc. Track and analyze campaign activity, results and its impact to sales pipeline  revenue. Create local campaigns when where needed to make sure there are no gaps in local market needs.
Sales alignment : Support, enable, and collaborate with Inside Sales Reps and SDRs. Align marketing initiatives with the goal of generating high-quality inbound leads, facilitating sales-led meetings, and influencing opportunities. Monitor results closely by ensuring timely follow-up on inbound leads and MQAs to ensure a swift and effective conversion rate.
Internal Collaboration : Collaborate closely with all internal stakeholders teams: local NA team, international group, RevOps, and the wider marketing team: PR, Brand Comms, Content, Audience, Product Marketing, Partner Marketing, Customer Advocacy, etc. to make sure that our overall plan is relevant and consistent with our overall plan  strategy. 
External Collaboration : Collaborate closely with external agencies to coordinate and execute activities such as paid media activities, for example.
Revenue  performance : Measure, analyze and report on the impact of programs and improve our performance when  where needed. Track our results to make sure the right in

What excites us  

Significant experience in a SaaS based B2B marketing role 
Youll also have experience in creating and implementing successful demand generation and pipeline acceleration programs, including ABM programs
Mindset : Autonomous, proactive, with an international mindset and strong business acumen
Approach : Pragmatic and has the passion to measure the impact of ones work
Knowledge : Excellent understanding of marketing trends and tools tech stack (webinar platforms, email automation, etc.).  
Communication : Good communication skills. Able to work cross-functionally within multiple internal teams and external agencies and freelancers.
Organization : Strong organizational skills with attention to detail
Agility : Proven ability to work under tight deadlines with limited resources

We dont expect you to meet every requirement. If youre excited by this role, we encourage you to apply. 
 (some of) The good stuff

Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover
Work away scheme - you can apply to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period
Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle
Equity - all permanently employed GCs get equity to help you make a valuable contribution 
Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on lifes great adventure
Time off - generous holiday allowance,  3 annual volunteer days,  4 annual business-wide wellness days (GC Fridays)

Life at GoCardless  
Were an organisation defined by our values; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure its aligned with our mission. We act with integrity, always. We care deeply about what we do and we know its essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. 
Diversity  Inclusion
Were building the bank payment network of the future and our ambition is to move money anywhere, for anything, for anyone. If were going to achieve this goal, we need to build a team of GeeCees that is as wonderfully diverse as the world we live in - with a multitude of perspectives, experiences  backgrounds.
Weve got a long way to go, but heres how were doing as of June 2023;
42 identify as women
28 identify as Black, Asian, Mixed or Other
9 identify as LGBTQIA
9 identify as neurodiverse
2 identify as disabled
Were rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support.
If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here as well as our latest DI Report 
Sustainability 
Were committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. In 2021 we became co-founders of the Tech Zero coalition, a group of businesses committed to taking climate action as part of the UNFCCC Race to Zero. We aim to reduce our impact and to create positive change on the natural world. Check out our sustainability action plan here. 
Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn. 