About us
At GoCardless we believe bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We also believe that bank account data is a powerful tool to make better, faster decisions. Were making it easy to use both- for businesses everywhere.  
GoCardless is used for domestic and international payments by 75,000 organisations and counting, processing more than 30 billion across 30 countries. Were an award-winning London based fintech, with additional offices in Riga, Paris and Melbourne.The role
This role will be working within the Accelerate Revenue team. Accelerate Revenue is a cross-functional organisation with a mission to help our customers get the most out of GoCardless. This means helping them better use our platform, helping them discover new products and services, and helping them grow their business with us. As a result, this team expects to deliver over 50m in incremental revenue over the next 5 years. To help us achieve this, were leaning on a mixture of in- and out-of-product growth initiatives that need to be truly customer-centric in order to succeed. 
The Growth Product Manager will work closely with a Product Designer and Engineering Manager to lead the in-product improvements that help our customers and drive revenue. You will also collaborate closely with our team of marketers, who guide customers along their journey with targeted communications. As part of a growth team, you will have the freedom to move fast in identifying and solving problems in the highest impact area, while working towards the wider product vision.
What excites you 

Delivering customer and business value: Being relentlessly focused on understanding and solving the customer problems which result in them using GoCardless as much as they can.
Problem discovery and prioritisation: Taking complex and ambiguous product problems and structuring these effectively. This includes clearly defining the problem space, the impact of the problem and your prioritisation process.
Data-led decision-making: Using quantitative and qualitative evidence to support your decisions and opportunity identification..
Influencing and communication: Building collaborative relationships with your team, stakeholders and executives to deliver change effectively across your remit. This includes growing to become the go-to person for your product area; translating complex, technical problems into understandable concepts; and convincing stakeholders of the best approach using structured reasoning.
Shipping stuff: Working with your team to support changes to completion, delivering consistent positive impact across your product area. Being comfortable delivering a range of projects: from MVP experiments testing a hypothesis to a new feature.

What excites us  

Delivery of impact: You are focused on delivering business value through experimentation and have experience of doing that.
Exceptional problem-solving and analytical skills: We want our Product Managers to have an outstanding ability to tackle valuable customer and business problems. At GoCardless we start by asking why?, and a data-led approach is central to how we run Product. You have a customer centric approach and are comfortable with qualitative and quantitative analysis.
High agency: Were after people who arent afraid of a challenge and will take ownership of problems they come across and help to resolve them and adapt to a constantly changing environment. 
Collaborative leaders: Product roles bring responsibility without direct authority. Were looking for leaders who can motivate and earn the trust of stakeholders and teams with a collaborative approach.

We dont expect you to meet every requirement. If youre excited by this role, we encourage you to apply.(some of) The good stuff

Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover
Work away scheme - you can apply to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period
Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle
Equity - all permanently employed GCs get equity to help you make a valuable contribution 
Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on lifes great adventure
Time off - generous holiday allowance,  3 annual volunteer days,  4 annual business-wide wellness days (GC Fridays)

Life at GoCardless  
Were an organisation defined by our values; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure its aligned with our mission. We act with integrity, always. We care deeply about what we do and we know its essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. 
Diversity  Inclusion
Were building the bank payment network of the future and our ambition is to move money anywhere, for anything, for anyone. If were going to achieve this goal, we need to build a team of GeeCees that is as wonderfully diverse as the world we live in - with a multitude of perspectives, experiences  backgrounds.
Weve got a long way to go, but heres how were doing as of June 2023;
42 identify as women
28 identify as Black, Asian, Mixed or Other
9 identify as LGBTQIA
9 identify as neurodiverse
2 identify as disabled
Were rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support.
If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here as well as our latest DI Report 
Sustainability 
Were committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. In 2021 we became co-founders of the Tech Zero coalition, a group of businesses committed to taking climate action as part of the UNFCCC Race to Zero. We aim to reduce our impact and to create positive change on the natural world. Check out our sustainability action plan here. 
Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn. 