About us
At GoCardless we believe bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We also believe that bank account data is a powerful tool to make better, faster decisions. Were making it easy to use both- for businesses everywhere.  
GoCardless is used for domestic and international payments by 75,000 organisations and counting, processing more than 30 billion across 30 countries. Were an award-winning London based fintech, with additional offices in Riga, Paris and Melbourne.The role
At GoCardless we use experimentation to test product changes to directly drive user acquisition, expansion, conversion and retention through continuous discovery and experimentation. As part of this role, you will be working with cross functional teams of product managers, designers, and engineers and analysts. You will be working on testing changes to our core product to increase engagement of our users to accelerate revenue. Your insights will be turned into actions as your expertise helps drive the future of GoCardless.
What excites you 

Youll be embedded in one of the cross functional Product organisations, responsible for enabling rapid growth of GoCardless via experimentation.
Owning and iterating on experiments to generate user insight and drive business metrics, allowing the team to quickly take action on business opportunities.
Define key product metrics and track KPIs so the teams can track progress and discover new hypotheses
Work closely with Product Managers and other Product Leaders to influence the roadmap of the organisation through data-driven insights and recommendations
Influence the organisation to increase Product Data coverage and implement user tracking best practices - acting as a mentor to guide other members of the organisation to become data driven
Continuously innovate on the practices and the tools we rely on to deliver the right insights at the right decision points (AB Testing, Analysis (SQL), Visualisation (Looker), Tracking (Amplitude), Automation (Python)). 

What excites us  

You have a background working in similar fast paced product-driven teams and are great at communicating insights to a range of audiences, including senior stakeholders, to drive data-informed product decisions.
You have extensive experience owning and developing experiment processes, including running AB tests, and have a very strong understanding of testing and experimental design
You have advanced SQL skills and intermediate PythonR skills
You have extensive experience with data visualisation tools (Looker, PowerBI, Tableau etc.) and develop compelling visualisations which influence decision making and business understanding
Youre a self-starter who proactively seeks out ways to improve data capabilities at GoCardless and generates insights that help product teams uncover new opportunities.

We dont expect you to meet every requirement. If youre excited by this role, we encourage you to apply. (some of) The good stuff

Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover
Work away scheme - you can apply to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period
Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle
Equity - all permanently employed GCs get equity to help you make a valuable contribution 
Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on lifes great adventure
Time off - generous holiday allowance,  3 annual volunteer days,  4 annual business-wide wellness days (GC Fridays)

Life at GoCardless  
Were an organisation defined by our values; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure its aligned with our mission. We act with integrity, always. We care deeply about what we do and we know its essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. 
Diversity  Inclusion
Were building the bank payment network of the future and our ambition is to move money anywhere, for anything, for anyone. If were going to achieve this goal, we need to build a team of GeeCees that is as wonderfully diverse as the world we live in - with a multitude of perspectives, experiences  backgrounds.
Weve got a long way to go, but heres how were doing as of June 2023;
42 identify as women
28 identify as Black, Asian, Mixed or Other
9 identify as LGBTQIA
9 identify as neurodiverse
2 identify as disabled
Were rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support.
If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here as well as our latest DI Report 
Sustainability 
Were committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. In 2021 we became co-founders of the Tech Zero coalition, a group of businesses committed to taking climate action as part of the UNFCCC Race to Zero. We aim to reduce our impact and to create positive change on the natural world. Check out our sustainability action plan here. 
Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn. 