About us
At GoCardless we believe bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We also believe that bank account data is a powerful tool to make better, faster decisions. Were making it easy to use both- for businesses everywhere.  
GoCardless is used for domestic and international payments by 75,000 organisations and counting, processing more than 30 billion across 30 countries. Were an award-winning London based fintech, with additional offices in Riga, Paris and Melbourne.The role
We believe in making lives easier by building outstanding experiences.
Were looking for inspired and curious people to join the design function to help develop the culture, define principles, and collaborate with brand design to set the direction for the future of GoCardless products.
The team strives to deliver meaningful change to the people and processes we serve. Whether its an internal tool or an outward-facing product, we take pride in our craft, from insight to application.
In this role, you will be accountable for a core part of our payments product, taking ownership over key areas of the user experience and driving meaningful change for our merchants.
As the ideal candidate, you thrive in a fast-paced environment, can work autonomously, are familiar with all UX best practices, and have strong visual design skills.
What excites you 

You have a growth mindset, motivated by driving business outcomes.
You care about craft and constantly strive to raise the bar of quality across products.
You thrive in a collaborative environment and believe the best products are built through collaboration.
You are passionate about designing and improving products by experimenting, prototyping and applying an iterative approach to validate ideas and learn.
You care about the customer and design products to suit their needs

What excites us  

Curiosity to learn: We want designers with an appetite to learn whether its customer needs or self-development
Innovative problem solving: We want designers who push the boundaries of whats possible when designing solutions
You are a team player: We are a close team and thrive on collaboration, the sharing of ideas and honest critique

We dont expect you to meet every requirement. If youre excited by this role, we encourage you to apply. (some of) The good stuff

Wellbeing - stay healthy with dedicated support and medical cover
Work away scheme - you can apply to work away from your country of residence for up to 90 days in any 12 month period
Adaptive Working - allows you to work flexibly, around your lifestyle
Equity - all permanently employed GCs get equity to help you make a valuable contribution 
Parental leave - to suit everyone embarking on lifes great adventure
Time off - generous holiday allowance,  3 annual volunteer days,  4 annual business-wide wellness days (GC Fridays)

Life at GoCardless  
Were an organisation defined by our values; We start with why before we begin any project, to ensure its aligned with our mission. We act with integrity, always. We care deeply about what we do and we know its essential that we be humble whilst we do it. Working this way creates the GC magic- the reason we all love showing up to work. 
Diversity  Inclusion
Were building the bank payment network of the future and our ambition is to move money anywhere, for anything, for anyone. If were going to achieve this goal, we need to build a team of GeeCees that is as wonderfully diverse as the world we live in - with a multitude of perspectives, experiences  backgrounds.
Weve got a long way to go, but heres how were doing as of June 2023;
42 identify as women
28 identify as Black, Asian, Mixed or Other
9 identify as LGBTQIA
9 identify as neurodiverse
2 identify as disabled
Were rooting for you during your application and GoCardless aims to provide reasonable adjustments to make our recruitment process as remarkable and accessible as we can. Please speak to your Talent Partner if you need extra support.
If you want to learn more, you can read about our Employee Resource Groups and objectives here as well as our latest DI Report 
Sustainability 
Were committed to reducing our impact on the environment, leaving a more sustainable world for future generations. In 2021 we became co-founders of the Tech Zero coalition, a group of businesses committed to taking climate action as part of the UNFCCC Race to Zero. We aim to reduce our impact and to create positive change on the natural world. Check out our sustainability action plan here. 
Find out more about Life at GoCardless via Twitter, Instagram and LinkedIn. 