We believe in the power of hiring. Because the potential for people to do something outstanding has everything to do with being in the right role, on the right team, at the right time. Thats where Greenhouse comes in  from recruiting to on-boarding, we make software to help every company be great at hiring.Greenhouse is seeking a dynamic Pre-sales Solutions Architect to join our EMEA team!
In this role, youll serve as a forward-thinking solutions advisor within our Professional Services organization. Your primary responsibility will be to craft and present tailored product and services solutions for our most intricate prospects and customers. You will closely collaborate with our Sales and Account teams to define comprehensive implementation and integration strategies, while also working in concert with key stakeholders to ensure resource allocation, planning, and risk management align seamlessly with our overarching business objectives and customer success.
Beyond this, your ability to shape our Services and Product development will be invaluable. Youll lend your expertise to our exceptional Marketing team in crafting fresh assets, white papers, and thought leadership materials that underscore how Professional Services reinforces Greenhouses mission to help every company become great at hiring.
Who will love this job

An innovative problem solver  someone with a firm grasp on problem-solving not only with in-app solutions, but marches head-on into the unknown using our powerful developer tools and partner ecosystem (largest in the market)
A technical advisor  you have a deep understanding of how different parts of the business come together. Tapping on skills across IT architecture, infrastructure, business analysis, product and project management, you can provide sound technical advice across various business layers
A human translator  you have a real passion for communicating complex concepts to stakeholders with different levels of understanding. You listen, advise, empathize, and explain decisions that are advantageous to your audience with ease
An ambassador  representing the Greenhouse brand  culture comes easy; you believe in our mission and your contributions to helping customers transform their hiring processes radiates
A partner  Our customers rely on you to suggest the products and services based on their organizational complexity; internal stakeholders rely on your expertise, energy, and confidence to help them close deals
A natural coach  whether its helping our prospects and customers understand new ways of thinking about their recruiting processes or negotiating decisions around complex solutions, you lean into being the SME
A standout colleague  you strive to contribute bigger-picture ideas to innovate our solutions, both product and services, elevating the Professional Services team as a whole

What youll do

Be a subject-matter authority on our products and services, successfully supporting our Sales and Account teams in demonstrating value to prospects and customers
Be a strategic partner to the new business Account Executive team and existing customer Account Management team removing technical blockers with urgency and jumping into current customer conversations when appropriate
Work with Product and Engineering teams to explore customer use cases at the perimeter of our product with the lens of a security-first posture
Help guide both prospects and customers towards the right products and services based on their desired business outcomes
Perform solution architecting as a consultative seller when it comes to extending the Greenhouse Software platform to our ecosystem Partners
Provide insightful feedback from prospect conversations to Product and Engineering teams

You should have

Strong experience in pre-sales for a SaaS offering
Superb presentation skills, both virtually and in-person
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Deep analytical skills across business layers of an organization
Project and resource management skills
Strong understanding of APIs and integrations
Experience in the recruiting or HR industry, a plus
Your own unique talents! If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications above, tell us in your cover letter why youd be a great fit for this role

Candidates must have permission to work in Ireland on an ongoing basis. Greenhouse is not in a position to support employment permit applications for candidates for this role.
LI-JF3 
Who we are
At Greenhouse, we celebrate having a diverse group of hardworking employees and it hasnt gone unnoticed. Weve won numerous awards including Inc. Magazine Best Workplace (2018-2022), Glassdoor 1 Best Place to Work, Forbes Cloud 100, Deloitte Technology Fast 500, Inc. 5000, Crains Best Places to Work NYC, Fortunes Great Place to Work (2019 - 2022),  and Moguls Top 100 Workplaces for Diverse Representation (2022). We pride ourselves on fostering a collaborative culture throughout every step of a Greenhouse employees journey. From day one of our interview process to executive Ask Me Anything sessions, we consistently cultivate an inclusive environment.
Greenhouse provides a variety of benefits to employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, basic life insurance, mental health resources, financial wellness benefits, and a fully paid parental leave program. For US-based employees, we offer short-term and long-term disability coverage, a 401(k) plan and company match. U.S. based employees also receive, per calendar year, up to 13 scheduled paid holidays and up to 80 hours of paid sick leave. Non-exempt employees accrue up to 20-25 days of paid vacation time, depending on tenure, and exempt employees have unlimited paid time off (PTO). For Ireland-based employees, we offer 25 days vacation and an employer matching pension program.
Our success in making companies great at hiring depends on our ability to create a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment. To that end, were committed to attracting, developing, retaining and promoting a diverse workforce, and infusing DEI throughout all of our internal practices. By ensuring that every Greenie is able to bring a diversity of talents to our work, were increasingly capable of living out our mission and providing real insight from our products to support our customers. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds and all walks of life to apply. Come grow with us at Greenhouse, where were building a team to face the worlds increasingly complex and diverse hiring needs.
Want to learn more about our interviewing process? Check out our interviewing at Greenhouse page
We are a distributed company and do our best work where it works best for us - as individuals and as teams.  Our regional headquarters are based in New York (North America) and Dublin (Europe), but our employees are distributed across the US, Canada, and Ireland. 
Our Talent Acquisition (TA) team at Greenhouse has recently been notified of a phishing scam targeting candidates applying for our open roles. Scammers have been posing as hiring managers and recruiters in an effort to access candidates personal and financial information. Please note that any communication from our hiring teams at Greenhouse regarding a job opportunity will only be made by a Greenhouse employee with an greenhouse.io email address. We would never ask you as part of our interview process to provide personal or financial information, including but not limited to your social security number, online account passwords, credit card numbers, passport information and other related banking information. If you believe youve been a victim of a phishing attack, please mark the communication as spam and alert us right away at talentacquisitiongreenhouse.io.