We believe in the power of hiring. Because the potential for people to do something outstanding has everything to do with being in the right role, on the right team, at the right time. Thats where Greenhouse comes in  from recruiting to on-boarding, we make software to help every company be great at hiring.If youre interested in joining Greenhouses Product Team but dont see an opportunity that youd like to apply to, please send us your resume. Well keep your information on file and will reach out if we find a match! 
At Greenhouse, every single member of our Engineering and Product Teams has an impact on the success of our product. We offer stability, product development best practices and an environment where each team member is given the reins to continuously iterate on our platform, improve the long-term quality of our codebase and empower the team to develop and grow.
Applicants must be currently eligible to work in Canada.
For purposes of processing or administering your employment relationship, personal information that you provide to the Company may be transferred to and accessed by an affiliate in the United States or elsewhere, or to agents and contractors (such as payroll companies, insurance companies, information technology consultants, etc.) that provide services to the Company. 
Who we are
At Greenhouse, we celebrate having a diverse group of hardworking employees and it hasnt gone unnoticed. Weve won numerous awards including Inc. Magazine Best Workplace (2018-2022), Glassdoor 1 Best Place to Work, Forbes Cloud 100, Deloitte Technology Fast 500, Inc. 5000, Crains Best Places to Work NYC, Fortunes Great Place to Work (2019 - 2022),  and Moguls Top 100 Workplaces for Diverse Representation (2022). We pride ourselves on fostering a collaborative culture throughout every step of a Greenhouse employees journey. From day one of our interview process to executive Ask Me Anything sessions, we consistently cultivate an inclusive environment.
Greenhouse provides a variety of benefits to employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, basic life insurance, mental health resources, financial wellness benefits, and a fully paid parental leave program. For US-based employees, we offer short-term and long-term disability coverage, a 401(k) plan and company match. U.S. based employees also receive, per calendar year, up to 13 scheduled paid holidays and up to 80 hours of paid sick leave. Non-exempt employees accrue up to 20-25 days of paid vacation time, depending on tenure, and exempt employees have unlimited paid time off (PTO). For Ireland-based employees, we offer 25 days vacation and an employer matching pension program.
Our success in making companies great at hiring depends on our ability to create a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment. To that end, were committed to attracting, developing, retaining and promoting a diverse workforce, and infusing DEI throughout all of our internal practices. By ensuring that every Greenie is able to bring a diversity of talents to our work, were increasingly capable of living out our mission and providing real insight from our products to support our customers. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds and all walks of life to apply. Come grow with us at Greenhouse, where were building a team to face the worlds increasingly complex and diverse hiring needs.
Want to learn more about our interviewing process? Check out our interviewing at Greenhouse page
We are a distributed company and do our best work where it works best for us - as individuals and as teams.  Our regional headquarters are based in New York (North America) and Dublin (Europe), but our employees are distributed across the US, Canada, and Ireland. 
Our Talent Acquisition (TA) team at Greenhouse has recently been notified of a phishing scam targeting candidates applying for our open roles. Scammers have been posing as hiring managers and recruiters in an effort to access candidates personal and financial information. Please note that any communication from our hiring teams at Greenhouse regarding a job opportunity will only be made by a Greenhouse employee with an greenhouse.io email address. We would never ask you as part of our interview process to provide personal or financial information, including but not limited to your social security number, online account passwords, credit card numbers, passport information and other related banking information. If you believe youve been a victim of a phishing attack, please mark the communication as spam and alert us right away at talentacquisitiongreenhouse.io.