We believe in the power of hiring. Because the potential for people to do something outstanding has everything to do with being in the right role, on the right team, at the right time. Thats where Greenhouse comes in  from recruiting to on-boarding, we make software to help every company be great at hiring.Greenhouse is looking for a Payroll Specialist to join our team!
Reporting to the Global Payroll Manager, you will play a pivotal role in processing payroll globally. Youll own EMEA payroll processing, payroll related communications for our international employee base, and collaborate on payroll related projects. This is a unique opportunity that will give you the chance to innovate and grow with a company thats recognized as a thought-leader in the HR industry.
Who will love this job

A data enthusiast  you love clean data, digging into numbers, and getting the small details
A people-systems enthusiast  you have a real passion for implementing and running a suite of payroll technology
A people-focused problem solver  you love interacting with people and use strong critical thinking skills to come up with solutions
A team steward  you are motivated to do your best work and strive to elevate your team

What youll do

Handle payroll processing procedures for all of Greenhouses locations
Serve as a point of contact for employee pay-related questions
Handle employee data and updates in our payroll system throughout the lifecycle of each team member
Partner with our Finance and People Ops teams to ensure alignment on employee data
Assist with the implementation of a new payroll system

You should have

Experience with high volume payroll processing
Excellent quantitative and Excel skills
Experience with HRIS technology; Workday  Cloudpay a plus
Multi-state and international payroll experience
Your own unique talents! Your background has given you a unique perspective and set of transferable skills that arent always in alignment with a given role - but those are qualities we value at Greenhouse. If you dont meet 100 of the qualifications outlined above, we still strongly encourage you to apply

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the Republic of Ireland on a full-time basis.
Candidates must have permission to work in Ireland on an ongoing basis. Greenhouse is not in a position to support employment permit applications for candidates for this role.
LI-MS2 
Who we are
At Greenhouse, we celebrate having a diverse group of hardworking employees and it hasnt gone unnoticed. Weve won numerous awards including Inc. Magazine Best Workplace (2018-2022), Glassdoor 1 Best Place to Work, Forbes Cloud 100, Deloitte Technology Fast 500, Inc. 5000, Crains Best Places to Work NYC, Fortunes Great Place to Work (2019 - 2022),  and Moguls Top 100 Workplaces for Diverse Representation (2022). We pride ourselves on fostering a collaborative culture throughout every step of a Greenhouse employees journey. From day one of our interview process to executive Ask Me Anything sessions, we consistently cultivate an inclusive environment.
Greenhouse provides a variety of benefits to employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, basic life insurance, mental health resources, financial wellness benefits, and a fully paid parental leave program. For US-based employees, we offer short-term and long-term disability coverage, a 401(k) plan and company match. U.S. based employees also receive, per calendar year, up to 13 scheduled paid holidays and up to 80 hours of paid sick leave. Non-exempt employees accrue up to 20-25 days of paid vacation time, depending on tenure, and exempt employees have unlimited paid time off (PTO). For Ireland-based employees, we offer 25 days vacation and an employer matching pension program.
Our success in making companies great at hiring depends on our ability to create a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment. To that end, were committed to attracting, developing, retaining and promoting a diverse workforce, and infusing DEI throughout all of our internal practices. By ensuring that every Greenie is able to bring a diversity of talents to our work, were increasingly capable of living out our mission and providing real insight from our products to support our customers. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds and all walks of life to apply. Come grow with us at Greenhouse, where were building a team to face the worlds increasingly complex and diverse hiring needs.
Want to learn more about our interviewing process? Check out our interviewing at Greenhouse page
We are a distributed company and do our best work where it works best for us - as individuals and as teams.  Our regional headquarters are based in New York (North America) and Dublin (Europe), but our employees are distributed across the US, Canada, and Ireland. 
Our Talent Acquisition (TA) team at Greenhouse has recently been notified of a phishing scam targeting candidates applying for our open roles. Scammers have been posing as hiring managers and recruiters in an effort to access candidates personal and financial information. Please note that any communication from our hiring teams at Greenhouse regarding a job opportunity will only be made by a Greenhouse employee with an greenhouse.io email address. We would never ask you as part of our interview process to provide personal or financial information, including but not limited to your social security number, online account passwords, credit card numbers, passport information and other related banking information. If you believe youve been a victim of a phishing attack, please mark the communication as spam and alert us right away at talentacquisitiongreenhouse.io.