WHERE CULTURE CALLS HOME
Our mission is simple: dramatically transform the face of media ownership and investment by identifying, creating and scaling the largest ecosystem of Black-owned media brands and diverse creators.  We are doing this by providing financial, strategic, and infrastructural support needed to build businesses capable of delivering engaged audiences at scale.
Group Black drives scalable Black-media ownership at pace and focuses on building Black-owned media businesses that embrace diversity in their organizations and audiences. Most importantly, Group Black delivers great content and experiences, as well as new, high-performing ways for advertisers to connect with consumers.
We know that your voice creates the path to our success. We are a place where employees can be authentic, creative, and energized by the people and work they touch each day. At Group Black, the Revenue team members are energetic and proactive team players who can simultaneously partner with our clients and work hands-on alongside our internal teams. They have an ambitious spirit and thrive under pressure, motivating everyone to not only hit sales quotas but exceed them.
The Role: 
Are you a passionate, strategic seller and hunter, who carries the responsibility for managing the full sales cycle, from prospecting to contracted sales? Group Black is growing rapidly and seeking a Senior Client Partner to play a key role in further growing the business. Reporting directly to our Vice President, Sales the Senior Client Partner will work closely with our clients as a trusted advisor to deeply understand their unique business goals and partner to help achieve them.
Working in partnership with the Digital department, Group Black and wider stakeholders, you will also play a fundamental part in the development and execution of our creative proposition and product, ensuring the best quality of creative output at both pitch and delivery phases. You will need to act as a steward of Group Black in the marketplace, ensuring that our teams internally, and our clients and agency partners are clear in their understanding of our proposition in the marketplace. 
The Senior Client Partner is a natural leader, with a diverse skillset including: leadership, an understanding of finance, forecasting, salesmanship, a strong understanding of digital advertising and media, a keen eye for creative excellence and an understanding of the production process. This position requires an energetic, highly- motivated, and committed team player who will maximize and develop profitable new opportunities for both the advertiser and Group Black. Successful candidates will also demonstrate an ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment to achieve results, despite obstacles! The Senior Client Partner can be remote. You have a proven experience in leading client relationships across a range of products within a media organization. 
Your Day-to-Day:

Plan accounts strategy for long-term profitable growth and position Group Black as a thought partner and business leader within the account.
Generateincrease the revenue of new and existing accounts from an established list of advertising agencies and brands to meet annual revenue goals.
Continuously develop your personal network of industry contacts and influencers as a source for market intelligence, referrals, and prospects.
Generate additional revenue from untapped sources.
Create compelling sales presentations and execute sales calls with agency planningbuying groups and clients to secure business, utilizing Group Black guidelines and keeping the networks best inventory interests in mind.
Develop and deliver creative advertising campaigns and media plans for each individual client.
Handle linear and digital execution, from pre-sell through post-recap.
Ensure clients receive superior customer service.
Attend regular sales meetings and travel as needed.

Key Projects: 

You will provide insight and expertise on our Group Black solutions when brand agencies are prospecting and pitching new business. 

What you can expect: 

Opportunity to make a meaningful impact in a fast-growing start-up company
Fun company events and celebrations with a focus on inclusion and collaboration across all levels of the organization

What you bring to the team: 

5-7 years of selling to or consulting with brands, agencies, corporate, media sector or enterprise customers, while driving revenue and transformation from within an organization.
Experience in multi-platform media or advertising sales, a plus.
A Bachelors degree or equivalent experience, preferred.
The ability to provide thorough dailyweeklymonthly forecasting metrics and communicate them in a succinct manner.
Demonstrated strong interpersonal, communication, client relation and organizational skills.
Position requires excellent organizationaltime management skills and leadership ability.
Must be self-motivated, self-disciplined, have a positive attitude and be effective in communication.
Proven track record of sales success and comfortable selling 5-7 figure deals. Bonus points if you have built your own book of business previously.
Consultative Selling approaches. 
New Business Prospecting  Closing skills.
You are comfortable in a fast-paced and evolving environment that includes ongoing learning opportunities.
Commitment to the mission, vision, and objectives of the organization.

At Group Black we believe in leveraging our hiring process as a way to support transparency. The annual base salary band for this opportunity is 120,000 - 150,000. Our job offer compensation philosophy, which impacts actual compensation, is based on a number of important factors including, but not limited to, internal and market equity, financial budgets, and the individuals skills, qualifications, experience and education. Published annual base salary bands do not include individual variable compensation opportunities, such as annual merit increases, bonus eligibility, commission, or equity incentives.
Group Black also offers employees a comprehensive, flexible and competitive benefits program. We offer medical, vision and dental coverage, health savings accounts, paid time off to relax and recharge and attend to personal matters, Company paid holidays,  family and personal sick and safe time, and a 401(k) plan.Group Black is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state, and local law. Group Black is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know.