WHERE CULTURE CALLS HOME
Our mission is simple: dramatically transform the face of media ownership and investment by identifying, creating and scaling the largest ecosystem of Black-owned media brands and diverse creators.  We are doing this by providing financial, strategic, and infrastructural support needed to build businesses capable of delivering engaged audiences at scale.
Group Black drives scalable Black-media ownership at pace and focuses on building Black-owned media businesses that embrace diversity in their organizations and audiences. Most importantly, Group Black delivers great content and experiences, as well as new, high-performing ways for advertisers to connect with consumers.
We know that your voice creates the path to our success. We are a place where employees can be authentic, creative, and energized by the people and work they touch each day. Our Office of the CEO is comprised of experienced leadership, project management, and administrative professionals. The CEOs office will initiate, orchestrate, and execute interdependent projects to enable the organization to achieve its respective OKRs. Each role requires cooperation with different functions, the different blockers they carry, and different stakeholders.  The CEOs Office has various teams for Group Black, including Strategic Initiatives, Special Projects, and Administrative support. 
The Role: 
Reporting to our Senior Director, Corporate Strategy the Associate Business Analyst will support design, documentation, implementation, and monitoring of strategic cross-departmental initiatives. The role requires the ability to understand complex financial profiles, analyze operational efficacies, and support observations with data. 
A member of the Office of the CEO, the Associate Business Analyst is a proactive thinker with exceptional communication skills, enabling them to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams and executive stakeholders. The position will also partner closely with our CEO and  Senior Director, Business Operations to produce project specific deliverables related to our core operations. 
The ideal person will excel in a high-impact role that works confidently with leadership on key operations and business initiatives. The Associate Business Analyst role is the perfect opportunity to develop your analytical, and operational skillset.  This role requires a proactive mindset with extreme discretion and willingness to manage highly confidential information.
Your Day-to-Day:

Partner closely with the Office of CEO team to assist with the analysis, development, and execution of all the initiatives (or projects) across the business
Access, pull, revise, and analyze data from a variety of data sources; gather new data, link disparate forms of data, and creatively use existing data to propose solutions and present them in an intuitive and compelling way
Collaborate with the CEO and Senior Directors to create analyses and reporting for various initiatives
Assist in meetings by taking notes and recalling notes for subsequent follow-up activities
Collaborate to facilitate critical thinking, solution-making, and effective communication
Oversee dashboards, KPI collection, operating meeting agendas, and action item tracking
Drive operational excellence and efficiency by identifying opportunities to improve processes, systems, and tools
Ensure timely communication and flow of information among key stakeholders for projects and initiatives
Develop complex financial models related to operations, valuation, capital raising, and GTM strategies.

Key Projects:

This role will facilitate communication and coordinate strategic and operational activities among internal and external stakeholders, helping drive key projects critical to the success of the business.

What you bring to the team: 

Bachelors degree in business, finance, economics or a related field
1-3 years experience in MA Investment banking, financial analytics, andor private equity preferred.
Advanced proficiency in excel, powerpoint, and the Google Suite of products
An extreme sense of organization that enables efficient execution
Ability to conduct presentations in front of an audience (could include Executive Leadership)
Aptitude to juggle multiple projects and stakeholders at once
Confidence in  analyzing data and using insights for storytelling and influencing change
Ability to work independently and deliver measurable results in a timely manner
Experience finding solutions to problems in a collaborative environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Excitement and ability to learn new tools and skills quickly 
Comfortable engaging with senior-level colleagues on strategic initiatives with the guidance of the Sr Director, Corporate Strategy and Sr Director, Business Operations and other cross-functional team members
Commitment to the mission, vision, and objectives of the organization

At Group Black we believe in leveraging our hiring process as a way to support transparency. The annual base salary band for this opportunity is 78,000-110,000. Our job offer compensation philosophy, which impacts actual compensation, is based on a number of important factors including, but not limited to, internal and market equity, financial budgets, and the individuals skills, qualifications, experience, and education. Published annual base salary bands do not include individual variable compensation opportunities, such as annual merit increases, bonus eligibility, commission, or equity incentives.
Group Black also offers employees a comprehensive, flexible and competitive benefits program. We offer medical, vision and dental coverage, health savings accounts, paid time off to relax and recharge and attend to personal matters, Company paid holidays,  family and personal sick and safe time, and a 401(k) plan. Group Black is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state, and local law. Group Black is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know.