WHERE CULTURE CALLS HOME
Our mission is simple: dramatically transform the face of media ownership and investment by identifying, creating and scaling the largest ecosystem of Black-owned media brands and diverse creators.  We are doing this by providing financial, strategic, and infrastructural support needed to build businesses capable of delivering engaged audiences at scale.
Group Black drives scalable Black-media ownership at pace and focuses on building Black-owned media businesses that embrace diversity in their organizations and audiences. Most importantly, Group Black delivers great content and experiences, as well as new, high-performing ways for advertisers to connect with consumers.
We know that your voice creates the path to our success. We are a place where employees can be authentic, creative, and energized by the people and work they touch each day. The Role:
Reporting to our Vice President, Account Management, the Account Manager plays a critical role as the Quarterback, ensuring our customers are successful and have a positive experience partnering with Group Black. The Account Manager is a crucial Sales partner for staying on top of accounts. It ensures they receive the best in class services that meet their objectives by responding effectively to RFPs, providing regularly scheduled communications and campaign updates with clients, internal stakeholders, and media partners. 
The Account Manager is a trusted advisor and developing leader. The ideal candidate must have a strong understanding of media and campaign lifecycles and excellent time management, communication, organizational and problem-solving skills. Your team will look to you as their initial escalation point to help resolve unfamiliar issues. You will maintain high client engagement and satisfaction levels for your campaign assignments, focusing on customer dedication and loyalty. You will be expected to meet clearly defined individual goals while working closely with the Sales, Revenue Operations, and Brand Strategy teams to drive the business forward. The Account Manager role is the perfect opportunity to grow as a leader within the company, given our plan for additional growth.  
Your Day-To-Day:

Partner with Sales to own a book of business and support pre and post sales functions
Be the driver of our POD structure which is focused on making the advertiseragency successful when working with Group Black
Lead and partner with Sales, Brand Strategy, and Group Black media partners throughout the RFP process to develop innovative, insight-driven integrated campaigns that deliver measurable ROI for our clients
Serve as the day-to-day POC for advertiserad agency relationships on campaign management, including media buys and branded content
Ensure on-time  ease of launch for client campaigns
Deep understanding of client KPIs and goals
Lead and attend meetings related to specific accounts, identifying key action items and decisions. This may include Quarterly and Annual Business reviews or recurring calls
Coordinate client performance reviews  kick off calls with clients and account team
Analyze campaign performance, client marketing initiatives, and industry trends to identify levers for driving revenue growth
Coordinate, monitor, and evaluate media campaigns and strategies
Identify upsell, cross-sell, and renewal opportunities and communicate with the Sales team regularly
Collect, analyze, and distribute client campaign reports
Develop a deep understanding of how the Group Black platform and our unique capabilities deliver brand value 
Responsible for client upsell opportunities

Key Projects:  

Work in tandem with Sales to develop and deliver Quarterly Business Reviews. Come to the table with ideas for process improvements and best practices to benefit the entire team.

What you bring to the team: 

3-5 years of digital media Account Management experience
Experience in display and video advertising and branded content solutions with a premium publisher or agencies preferred
Successful track record working with large, enterprise accounts
Comfort engaging with senior-level executives on strategic initiatives with the support of the Vice President and other cross-functional team members
Experience in a growing startup environment preferred
Ability to work independently and deliver measurable results in a timely manner
Experience solving problems in a collaborative environment
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Confident presentation skills
Ability to work under pressure with attention to detail
Ability to quickly learn new tools and skills
Commitment to the mission, vision, and objectives of the organization

At Group Black we believe in leveraging our hiring process as a way to support transparency. The annual base salary band for this opportunity includes the range of 100,000 - 110,000. Our job offer compensation philosophy, which impacts actual compensation, is based on a number of important factors including, but not limited to, internal and market equity, financial budgets, and the individuals skills, qualifications, experience, and education. Published annual base salary bands do not include individual variable compensation opportunities, such as annual merit increases, bonus eligibility, commission, or equity incentives.
Group Black offers employees a comprehensive, flexible, and competitive benefits program. We offer medical, vision, and dental coverage, health savings accounts, paid time off to relax and recharge and attend to personal matters, Company paid holidays, family and personal sick and safe time, and a 401(k) plan.Group Black is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable federal, state, and local law. Group Black is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know.