 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Were hiring engineers to join these teams and work on customer-facing products, developing features and iterating across our platform to help define the customer financial journey at Gusto.  Our main goal in the teams is to strengthen our customers financial wellness and to deliver a consistently great experience across all of our products.
Were looking for talented and motivated engineers to lead and grow projects from end-to-end by influencing initial feature specs, building backend APIs, writing frontend code, and overseeing ongoing improvements for deployed features. At the end of the day, youll close your laptop knowing your work is making a difference for millions of employees, and hundreds of thousands of business owners. If youre interested in building elegant software with far-reaching effects in our modern economy and working remotely, join us!
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Architect, build, and test Gustos product suite the spans across Payroll, Benefits, HR, Time, Tax Credits, and much more
Solve some of the hardest technical problems out there in very complex domains and at a large scale
Work and help scale one of the largest RubyRails and TypescriptReact applications in the world
Collaborate with our product management and design teams to understand customer pain points, come up with solutions, and then prototype, iterate, and launch daily
Build a product that our customers genuinely love. Dont just take our word for it - check out what some customers have to say.

Heres what were looking for:

3 years of technical experience
Strong data modelling skillset
Passion about creating memorable experiences for customers
Interest in complex product development problems -- we use Rails  React, but you dont have to know them
Appreciation for a collaborative, test-driven environment
Well-structured, easily maintainable, well-documented code that balances beauty and pragmatism

Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.