 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Symmetry Software is now part of Gusto. Symmetry is the payroll infrastructure for software  payroll platforms powering the paychecks of over 64 million workers each year. Our fully integrated suite of payroll tax APIs and software tools allows companies to solve tax compliance issues and build applications across the entirety of the payroll process. 
Symmetry Software is looking for a Head of Payroll Tax Compliance to empower the Tax Research team, produce research and insights to continuously improve product accuracy and compliance, and position Symmetry as a thought leader within and beyond the payroll industry.
The Tax Research team at Symmetry ensures our products are up to date on all payroll tax rules and regulations. The team generates data and insights that power Symmetrys products and forward thinking thought leadership, allowing us to serve as a trusted expert and advisor to our clients for building their own payroll-related products and increasing their tax compliance. The Head of Payroll Tax Compliance will build relationships and partnerships with federal, state, and local taxing authorities to represent the needs of Symmetry, our clients, and our clients employees while identifying opportunities to advance Symmetrys ability to address industry trends within our products and services. 
The perfect candidate is excited about the opportunity to set a new strategy to take our Tax Research team to new heights, execute on key projects yourself by getting in the weeds, building and enriching key industry partnerships, and people development. Its a unique opportunity to be both a leader at the company and a builder. Your key cross-functional stakeholders are Product, Engineering, Support, and Marketing. You will report to the Head of Symmetry.  
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Strategic direction

Set short and long term strategy for the Tax Research team
Partner with Marketing on a content strategy to continue Symmetrys forward thinking thought leadership
Develop a deep understanding of industry trends and regulatory changes; translate that into actionable insights for Symmetry and its clients

Cross-functional execution

Drive the year-end tax change process, ensuring that our products are up-to-date on accuracy and compliance in a comprehensive and efficient manner
Enable internal teams (e.g., Support, Engineering) with functional knowledge to build better products and serve client questionsneeds
Identify and implement workflow and process improvements to drive efficiencies and automation for the Tax Research team
Work in close partnership across a range of stakeholders including Product, Engineering, Support, and Marketing

Industry partnerships

Create a strategy to guide our industry partnerships, including state and local agencies
Build new and manage existing partnerships to grow Symmetrys influence
Develop a deep understanding of our partners pain points and needs to inform product roadmap opportunities

Team and people development

Lead and build a team of effective and high-performing tax and compliance researchers 
Establish KPIs to measure success of the team and drive accountability


 
Heres what were looking for:

Payroll tax expertise: 10 years of experience related to payroll tax and payroll. Canadian andor international payrolltax experience is a plus. You are a Subject Matter Expert with in-depth knowledge of aspects of payrollpayroll tax compliance, processes and procedure


Certifications: Certified Payroll Professional (CPP)


Impeccable execution: You have a track record of executing and delivering high quality work against complexities and limited resources. Youre able to partner strongly with cross-functional teams to drive results. Other leaders and teammates love collaborating with you. 


Strong project management skills: You have impressive time management skills and ability to juggle multiple projectstasks with multiple stakeholders while hitting deadlines on time with sensitive projects. Youre proactive and have a positive, service-oriented mentality. 



Communicates effectively: Strong communication and presentation skills, ability to distill complex, technical payroll tax jargon into everyday language to different audiences. Youre able to document business rules and technical processes into logical steps, structures and diagrams
Management excellence: You have a history of developing the careers of your team members. Youve developed high-performing, representative talent and inclusive teams



Strategic thinker: Youre able to combine client and partner feedback, industry opportunities, internal needs to build a compelling and bold tax research vision and strategy for your cross-functional partners and team. An inquisitive attitude on how we can challenge the status quo and leverage tax research to drive business goals 


Familiarity with product development process and software tools: Because many of the tax research and insights are built into our products, you must be able to partner effectively with the Product and Engineering teams and their cadence and workflows. For example: Agile and scrum principles, JIRA, Confluence.

Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 170,000yr to 215,000yr in Scottsdale. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate location, experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
 
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.