 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Join us in building the future of Gustos communication platform. As a Principal Engineer youll be helping to lead, shape, and execute on our strategy to support scalable communications to our customers across all of Gustos communication channels. Be a technical leader driving and influencing the overall communications platform Gusto leverages to send critical and important requests and messages to our customers so that they can stay compliant as a business.
The Communications Platform team on People OS strives to allow the entire Gusto People Platform to be able to send critical messages to the right person at the right time using the right channel. We work to standardize and integrate how our product teams communicate with our customers, helping internal teams build faster and customers understand the most important notifications they need to be aware of.
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Lead and help design the overall strategy for product communications at Gusto
Own what you build end to end as you architect, implement, review, test, and iterate Gustos Comms Platform.
Design highly scalable systems that drive the business growth for the next decade.
Tackle a wide variety of technical problems throughout the stack and contribute daily to all parts of our product code base.
Partner with product, design, data, growth, marketing, and operations to push the boundaries of what our Comms Platform can support.
Work alongside peer engineers to create impact and outcomes for our customers

Heres what were looking for:

15 years of relevant hands-on programming experience
Technical leader, leading 6-10 engineers on 6 months long projects
Experience with building comms platforms for email, text, in-app. 
Experience with integrating different comms channels while designing a holistic approach to how teams and customers communicate.

Learn more about the team:

Our Engineering Culture and Values
How We Built a Service-Driven Team
Our Diversity Goals and Efforts

Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 250,000-290,000 in the San Francisco Bay area. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.