 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Were looking for someone who will help us build a best-in-class Technical Accounting function. This role will be responsible for providing guidance on complex transactions, implementing new accounting pronouncements (including Controllership roll-out, education to FPA and partnership with the External Auditors), and establishingmanaging all of the Companys accounting policy. This person will also be heavily involved in the preparation of quarterly financials as well as rolling forward the Companys Segment analysis and EPS memo and calculation. This person will also help in the preparation of the annual financial statements in Workiva and assist in the completion of the annual audit. 
This person will partner very closely with the Head of Technical Accounting and Financial Reporting, as well as various teams including the Controllership, Corp Development, Finance, FinTech,  Legal, Sales and Equity Admin.
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Maintaining the Companys current accounting policies which includes adoption of new accounting standards (CECL mainly for current fiscal year), updating the Companys accounting policies as disclosed in its financial statements, and creation of new accounting policies.
Drafting original footnote disclosures in Workiva related to new ASU adoptions and new accounting policies in Workiva and make applicable edits to existing policies in Workiva. 
Partnering with other members of the accounting team to implement  operationalize new accounting standards, changes in accounting policies or to operationalize the accounting for new or modified products. 
Partnering with Product and Corp Development, Legal, FPA, and other teams to provide expertise in support of new transactions and new or evolving products. Provide input, explanation and accounting and reporting guardrails throughout the process to achieve mutually beneficial outcomes. 
Document playbooks on complex transactions that provide documentation and guidance on non-accounting cross functional teams to create efficiencies within the business as well as in accounting. Provide guidance on standardizing contracts to create efficiencies within the business.
Partner with Controllership, Legal, and Equity Admin to prepare quarterly and annual EPS calculation  review of the Statement of Stockholders Equity.
Preparing technical accounting analysis and memos related to new transactions and new or evolving products. Work closely with our external auditors on technical accounting matters and bring any accounting analysis to closure in a timely manner.
Respond to technical accounting inquiries from external and internal parties and communicate technical accounting matters and concepts to all levels within the organization.
Ensuring the internal controls related to accounting policies are designed, implemented and operating effectively for SOX compliance.
Support Management in completing special projects as assigned and be a Technical accounting resource for ad-hoc questions and initiatives.
Assist with preparation of PCAOB standard annual financial statements, analysis, and disclosures in Workiva

Heres what were looking for:

A Bachelors degree or higher in Accounting, Active CPA license required
10 years of progressively responsible experience with experience in technical accounting, 3 years in public accounting    Financial Reporting Experience  Exposure is s HUGE plus
Experience in US GAAP and SEC reporting requirements with an ability to research, interpret and operationalize technical accounting guidance  
Experience with Workiva - big  if involved in the implementation of Workiva  rolling forward financial statements
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and an ability to partner cross functionally beyond finance and accounting, including executive management. Ability to maintain positive, professional relationships with personnel at all levels of the organization
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment, proactively manage tasks and workloads while being flexible, able to adapt with  short notice
Strong project management, execution and process oriented mindset
Solid knowledge of SOX compliance requirements
Exceptional attention to detail with ability to identify issues and propose solutions to complex or non-standard situations
Dynamic and energetic personality with a can-do attitude

Our cash compensation range for this role is 157,000 - 195,000year in New York City. This role is based out of our New York City office and will be required to be hybrid 2xweek. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors, including candidate location, experience and expertise, and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.