 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. As the Lead Product Manager youll manage a team of Product Managers as a player, coach and be accountable for our Tax Credits businesses multi-year product strategy and roadmap. Youll be at the fore-front of driving our transformation from simple automations to true intelligence through the use of chat-bots and AI. Youll have the opportunity to truly change the trajectory of Small Businesses by building products that unlocks cashflow for them.
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Develop a deep understanding of the different customers we serve, and how their varying needs translate into product requirements
Partner with engineering, design, and data science within your quartet and across cross-functional teams such as Product Compliance to ship solutions that delight customers
Identify emerging technologies and industry trends, build business cases, and define product vision and strategy
Use data and experiments to make decisions that improve the customer experience and business metrics 
Simplify the in-app experience for when and how we message customers and lead them through this complex journey all the way to enjoying their tax credits

Heres what were looking for:

6 years of product management experience with 2 years of managing a team

Software development experience a plus


Track record of delivering personalized, modular and adaptive products that guide the customer through a simple and intuitive user experience
Strong technical understanding of machine learning and artificial intelligence

Deep understanding of personalization and modularization of the product experience


Experience driving high growth of product from launch phase to scaled adoption including 
Ability to set a strategy and translate to a roadmap  metrics with end-to-end execution
Creating and growing diverse and passionate product teams 
Zest for learning and first principles thinking

Our cash compensation range for this role is 186,000 to 222,000 in Denver  most remote locations, and 219,000 to 261,000 in San Francisco  New York. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors, including candidate location, experience and expertise, and may vary from the amounts listed above.
 
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.