 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Symmetry Software is now part of Gusto. Symmetry is the payroll infrastructure for software  payroll platforms powering the paychecks of over 64 million workers each year. Our fully integrated suite of payroll tax APIs and software tools allows companies to solve tax compliance issues and build applications across the entirety of the payroll process. 

We are looking for a dedicated, hardworking, loyal, Client Software Implementation Advisor to work closely with our clients to implement Symmetry products.  This individual will work directly with Symmetry clients by providing technical support and guidance in implementing Symmetry products within our clients environments.
As a  Client Software Implementation Advisor, you will actively engage towards ensuring licensed software meets clients business  technical needs. In this role, you will work closely with the client according to the clients needs and specifications, and teach clients how to install, access, and use the software. Taking action towards providing the fastesteasiest implementation along with the finest developer experience so that our clients can get to market faster than building it on their own.
The Client Software Implementation Advisor is part of the Client Experience team at Symmetry. This team focuses on ensuring our clients experience a seamless experience when implementing and using Symmetry products.  Delivering quick, thorough, and expert support experience that Clients have grown to love. 
Primary Responsibilities: 

Organize and lead the post-license implementation of Symmetry products, while facilitating calls and meetings with our clients and key internal stakeholders
Develop, plan, track, quality review, and complete client implementation milestones with clients
Identify and triage key implementation risks and work with the client and internal teams to mitigate and resolve them 
Be the initial client contact for any technical issues or questions related to the implementation of Symmetrys product(s) purchased  
Be an advocate for our clients! Work closely with our internal teams to provide feedback on our clients product  API needs and collaborate on improving existing functionality and suggesting future features
Build the tools and processes to scale the implementation program for Symmetry. This is a relatively new role and you will have direct responsibility in building the implementation foundation for the team and driving its success.
Work closely with key internal stakeholders and be highly collaborative and passionate about driving the clients product implementations and product outcomes such as reducing implementation time and effort, resulting in quicker client time to value, and increasing company revenue 
Sell the value of our software products and advise our product and engineering teams on how best to implement and use Symmetry products 
Inspire our clients. Symmetry products are components in the journey of onboarding and paying people. Provide guidance in design, then teach them how to implement best.
Demo our products through pre-built apps, flows, and  API tools like Postman.  
Provide direction on product documentation and key points of reference in getting started with Symmetry Products 
Work closely with the Sales Account Executives to review client requirements and ensure Symmetry products are positioned in the best light to support client needs
Partner with the technical writers in providing insight that helps to ensure documentation captures key implementation activities with accuracy, clarity, and timeliness
Build and maintain client relationships throughout engagements to ensure client satisfaction and product value delivery 

Required Skills and Mindsets: 

5 years of proven experience working as a client-facing Implementation Advisor (technical softwarearchitecture, client support, or consulting role).
Have experience Implementing both API and on-premise SDK products
Scrappy, entrepreneurial, builder mindset - you will be part of a newly introduced implementation process within Symmetry that is growing and iterating quickly. You will be doing everything from pitching Symmetry product capabilities to overseeing and actively driving product implementation of licensed clients, establishing new processes, rolling out new tooling or resources, and supporting technical questionsissues
Problem solver with a strong product sense who has experience resolving complex issues. Able to prioritize client needs, dig into pain points, problem-solve with clients, and communicate product needs to product and engineering teams
Structured thinker with strong communication skills and comfortable talking with all levels of client teams from individual contributors to C-level executives using language that appropriately translates complex technical and business information
Technical program, or project management, experience including stakeholder, resource, and timeline management accountability a plus
Detailed-oriented with excellent organizational and time management skills
A team player who thrives on cross-functional collaboration passionate about uncovering gaps and working together to improve systems and processes 
A desire to learn all about the intricacies of the pay journey and Symmetry products

Technology Experience:

5 years as a software developer with a focus on the implementation of software products for enterprise companies. 
Previous payroll or financial software implementation and project management experience are a plus.  
Experience with C, JAVA, .NET, JSON, and XML.
Experience with Salesforce, NetSuite, Zendesk, and JIRA.
Experience with CRMCase Management software.
Proficiency with G-Suite and SQL database management systems.

Education: 

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, computer information science, information technology, or a related field.

Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 92,000yr to 114,000yr in Scottsdale. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.

Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.