 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Gustos People team is growing and scaling with the company!  As our business scales and becomes more complex, and as we add hundreds of new Gusties each year, we need to ensure that our strategies for engagement with our employees are positive, engaging, values-driven and compliant. 
As a People Partner, you will drive people strategies and solutions for a designated organization andor subset of teams within Gusto. 
Heres what youll do day-to-day:
You thrive in a fast-paced and challenging environment, have a passion for building and refining processes and practices, are strong in influencing and mentoring others, and build strong relationships with leaders and employees. You are an HR thought leader who can balance the need to be a Strategic business partner along with a roll up your sleeves attitude.

A trusted advisor and thought partner to ensure these leaders, and their teams, are set-up for success. 
Serve as a change agent and member of your organizations leadership team to help drive strategic growth plans and objectives across the organization.
Understand the business and be closely aligned with the business leaders.
Diagnose, translate, and define current and future business needs into an overall integrated PeopleTalent Plan.
Provide organizational development interventions and support including organization design, development solutions,  leadership coaching, and proactive change management.
Engage in strategic workforce planning by assessing organizational capabilities; identify competency and talent gaps, ensure development of people resources; and introduce succession planning.
Initiate and maintain effective communications with leadership and employees; provide coaching and guidance on matters related to performance management, offer feedback on style and behaviors to improve employee productivity and engagement.
Build strong partnerships across the People team roles and functions (Invite, Talent Development, Compensation and Benefits) as well as operate as part of a larger People Partner team to create a consistent Gustie experience.
Lead the organization you support to achieve its People objectives, including attracting, hiring and onboarding great talent, developing and retaining Gusties, and achieving our goals around representation and inclusion. 
Influence business and talent initiatives that support our short and long-term business goals, including driving practices that enable high performance and operational excellence.

Heres what were looking for:
Experience:   5-7 years in overall Human Resource Management operating as an HR Business PartnerPeople Partner in a large to mid-size tech company supporting GMs, Engineering, Product Management, Design, and Data teams. Alternatively, youve held progressively senior roles in People Partner function, with demonstrated ability to craft a strategy and be accountable for delivering to it. 
Skills:  

Strong executive presence, proven ability to influence and coach leaders, and exceptional interpersonal skills are key.
Strong strategic thinking and business acumen with the ability to understand and align People initiatives with business objectives, translating strategy into plans for execution. 
Excellent communication skills and ability to clearly and concisely communicate to employees of all levels effectively. 
Ability to manage multiple stakeholders and competing priorities with a sense of urgency and the ability to pivot quickly based on changing needs of the business.
Significant experience with workforce analytics plus the ability to use data and reporting to drive strategic decisions.
A proven track record of developing and leading organizational change initiatives that deliver real business results.
Agility, ability to thrive in ambiguity, and excel in a fast paced, dynamic environment
Ability to maintain a level of confidentiality and handle issues ethically and with integrity

Youll demonstrate these behaviors:

Influencing others
Building collaborative relationships
Innovation
Diagnostic information gathering
Strategic thinking
Execution

This role will be hybrid, coming into our San Francisco, Denver, or New York City office 2xweek is the expectation for this role.
Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 110,000 - 136,000year in Denver and most remote locations and 133,000 - 163,000year in San Francisco and New York. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.