 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Want to find out what its like to work in-house at a fast-growing fintech company? Join our Legal   Compliance team at Gusto! 
We are looking for law school interns who are proactive, detail-oriented, and efficient multitaskers, and who are excited about an opportunity to work collaboratively in an in-house environment. Here are some of the traits we want to see: You shine in a fast-paced environment and thrive on the success of a job well done. Youre the type of person who will leave no stone unturned when conducting legal research. You take the initiative to independently tackle complex and novel tasks. When you say Ill take care of it, we know itll be done well. You will develop skills in critical thinking, legal research  writing, including translating legalese for non-legal audiences, contract drafting, legal operations and policy development. 
Please include a resume, cover letter and writing sample (legal memo) in your submission. 
 
Heres what you may do day-to-day:

Conduct legal research and work with business, product, marketing, operations, security, and engineering teams on topics such as privacy  AI  (e.g., GDPR, CCPACPRA, HIPAA), advertising (e.g., UDAAP  CAN-SPAM), intellectual property (e.g., trademark, copyright, patent, open source), employment (e.g., wage  hour, labor, tax, and ERISA), international law, public policy, corporate governance, insurance (e.g., ACA), financial services (e.g., consumer and business lending banking, money transmission, AMLBSAFINCEN), and other corporate or transactional matters.
Partner with product counsels to interpret and apply legal requirements into product development.
Partner with commercial counsels to negotiate and revise vendor and partnership agreements.
Respond to the day-to-day legal needs of operations, sales, product, and engineering teams.
Document guidance and create trainings on legal topics for use by the whole company.

Heres what were looking for:

Rising 2Ls from an accredited law school.
Available full-time for at least 10 weeks during the Summer 2024 (40 hours a week).
Able to think critically and come up with creative solutions.
Extremely organized and attentive to detail.
Thrives working on cross-functional teams.
Experience in researching and synthesizing complex topics.
Strong legal writing and analysis, and ability to communicate to non-legal audiences.
Enthusiastic about learning new disciplines.

Bonus points: 

Past employment experience, especially at a start-up or tech company.
Demonstrated interest in fintech, privacy, employment, health, tax, payroll, benefits andor insurance industries.

Internship details:

The internship is paid.
The internship is not eligible for school credit.
The internship will be hybrid, with interns working at least two days per week from one of our homebase offices in San Francisco, Denver, or New York.
U.S. work authorization is required. This role is not available for sponsorship.
Gusto will begin reviewing applications starting on November 13th. Deadline to apply is 5pm PT on November 26th. Gusto will host interview days on Monday, December 4th and Friday, December 8th.

Learn more about the team:

Check out our latest announcements and news 
Talking about Gustos Commitment to RISE. Check out our Recent RISE Report. 
Supporting Small Businesses Through COVID-19
What it is like to Work with Gusto

 
Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 38hr in Denver  most remote locations, and 45hr for San Francisco  New York. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.