 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Were seeking an experienced leader to drive process improvement and excellence for our rapidly growing Customer Experience team. The Head of Process Improvement is responsible for ensuring that Gustos CX organization (service and operations) are systematically getting more efficient, delivering better outcomes to customers, and improving the work and lives for our Gusties. In this role, you will lead Gustos Process Improvement team and craft, ensuring operational excellence for the orgs your team partners with by installing best practices related process design, process optimization, and operations management. You will oversee team strategy and metric performance, as well as partner directly with CX leaders and other executives across the company.
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Lead process improvement across CX to deliver best in class service to our customers. 
Empower a team of up to 10 process improvement experts and analysts. Develop a the team that can drive impact and be influential across our CX organization.
Evaluate our CX processes to understand drivers and opportunities using process improvement methodologies (e.g. Lean, Six Sigma, TQM, etc). 
Lead high impact projects that focus on the continuous improvement of CX operations efficiency, process quality, and customer experience.
Introduce and train CX Executives and Leaders on Process Improvement methodologies, concepts, and skillsets (e.g. Lean, Six Sigma, TQM, etc) and install them into day-to-day operations. 
Partner cross-functionally to implement plans and measure success.
Provide insights and recommendations for new processes and product launches.
Build scalable processes from the ground up, as needed.
Willing to roll up your sleeves, lead from the front, and coach the team in our fast-paced, dynamic environment

Heres what were looking for:

7 years leadership experience leading teams, including leading leaders
10 years of experience in process improvement, preferably in customer experience andor operations
Lean Six Sigma experience (Black Belt) andor other similar certifications
Proven track record and passion for implementing process improvement programs, making processes that improve customer experiences, and delivering high impact and quality outcomes
Strong creative problem solving skills. You thrive in an environment where process improvement is needed - yet can flex solutions to meet the needs of the team
Strong yet empathetic business partner
A systems thinker with a bias for action
Ability to influence cross-functional, senior leaders and drive change
Executive verbal and written communication as well as strong data visualization and presentation skills 
Demonstrated leadership skills including the ability to build a psychologically safe team, motivate and engage teams, allocate work and projects, resolve conflicts and handle ambiguity

Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 164,000 - 207,000 in Denver  most major metro locations. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate location, experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.