 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Payroll Onboarding - Advocate Role
Denver, CO or Detroit, MI
 
About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 100,000 businesses nationwide.
As a core member of the payroll onboarding team, youll be responsible for setting up customer accounts to run payroll with Gusto while providing a delightful experience. Youll put their minds at ease by guiding them through a complex process, providing timely information, and keeping all the moving parts running smoothly.
The Payroll Onboarding team is passionate about using innovative technology and service to elevate the payroll transfer and onboarding of small business owners and their employees to the Gusto platform. Each team member is a true owner and makes a tremendous impact every single day. 
 
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

You will assist, implement, and support customers at key moments in their payroll onboarding experience
You will complete new Gusto payroll account setup on behalf of the customer and serve as their go-to advocate
You will analyze, troubleshoot, and transfer sensitive customer data into the Gusto platform
You will understand customer issues and partner with cross-functional teams to simplify and automate existing processes
You will work with your teammates to deliver on customer deadlines
You will serve as a thought partner to our sales team to ensure successful transfers
You will directly communicate with customers in the form of both phone and email

Heres what were looking for:

1-2 years work experience - bonus points for exposure to payroll onboarding, finance, banking, healthcare or a start-up environment
Excellent written and oral communication skills: you thrive when working with customers
Passionate about developing efficient processes and driving results
Enjoy working collaboratively with many stakeholders across the company
Strong project management skills, organization abilities, and overall attention to detail
Customer service experience
Extracurricular activities, volunteer work, athletics, leadership

Bonus points:

Experience with Salesforce
Payroll, tax, or compliance knowledge
Proficient in Excel

 
Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 23.56 - 26.45 in Denver  most remote locations. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate location, experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodationsgusto.com. 
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.