 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. We are seeking a Product Counsel to join our growing Legal and Compliance Product and Commercial team to meet the expanding needs of our company and our customers.  In this newly created role, you will be advising and working alongside senior attorneys and compliance team members, and partnering with our product, engineering, business, and marketing teams to support and enhance Gustos suite of products and services. This is a great opportunity to grow your career in house, working alongside a team of experienced attorneys and compliance professionals.
We are passionate about using innovative technology and excellent service to elevate the experience of small business owners and their employees. Each team member is a true owner and makes a tremendous impact every day.  If you shine in a fast-paced environment and thrive on the success of a job well done, lets chat! 
This role will be hybrid and can be based in the San Francisco, Denver, or New York City metro areas.
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Counsel the product, engineering, and design teams on a range of issues including payments, tax, employment compliance, employee benefits, consumer finance, and marketing.
Research and advise on complex regulatory frameworks to design or enhance innovative and regulated B2B and B2C products and services.
Support key initiatives across the legal and compliance teams, with company-wide impact.
Contribute to key initiatives helping to mature our Legal  Compliance teams functions.

Heres what were looking for:

JD degree and a member of a State baractive license to practice law.
2 years of relevant legal experience in a law firm, government, andor in-house legal department at a technology company (in-house experience preferred but not required).
Experience advising start-ups or providing pragmatic legal guidance related to tech or regulated products.

Heres what wed love to see you bring to the table:

Experience working with engineering and product teams to launch regulated yet innovative SaaS products.
An appetite for learning.
Ability to spot and resolve a variety of legal issues across multiple jurisdictions within the U.S. (e.g., payments, regulatory, tax, commercial, IP).
Experience with data privacy, tax, consumer protection, start-up, andor wage  hour law (do not need to have all).
A collaborative approach and demonstrated ability to work well independently under pressure, while contributing to cross-functional teams.
A willingness to dive in and drive projects independently.
Experience creatively solving problems, taking into account legal risk and business needs.
A team player mindset (no job is too big or too small).
Attention to detail and the ability to follow through in a fast-paced environment.

Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 130,000 - 160,000year in Denver, and 156,000 - 194,000year for San Francisco  New York. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.