 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Junior Software Sales Rep
Your role will be to help small business customers choose Gusto. Interacting with customers who sign up on our website via email, chat, and live phone interactions, youll help match our people platform offering to their specific business needs, exercising advisory sales skills. Youll help them navigate an important onboarding process, demonstrating sophisticated customer success skills.
Our team of over a hundred sales professionals includes folks practices across all channels and with different types of customers, but we all share deep passion and commitment to solutions selling: our company exists to solve problems for small businesses, and our sales team is a vital front door for small businesses who need and love our solutions. We have communal goals, a team spirit, and company leadership that cares about selling the right way.
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Manage high volume  high velocity outbound calls to customers at different points in the customer journey: discovery, qualification, sales, decision and onboarding (70-75 of your talk time will be sales based)
Keep clean record of notes in Salesforce for all leads worked
Be a trusted advisor in helping customers select Gusto as a payroll platform
Support customers through account setup and onboarding (25-30 of your daily conversations)
Exhibit customer empathy and demonstrate product knowledge
Exercise and master advisory selling of solutions for small businesses
Participate in community and career development opportunities at Gusto

Heres what were looking for:

1 to 4 years previous experience working in a high volume (50 Outbound dials per day) sales or customer service environment where you were cross selling, up-selling, or maintaining a quota  KPIs.
A commitment to customer empathy and ethical business practices
Passion to achieve goals and improve your craft
Excellent communication skills both via phone and emailchat
Motivated by challenge and adaptable to change

This role is a Hybrid position requiring only 2 days in office per week. You must be located in the Metro area of Denver, CO, or Detroit, MI in order to qualify for this role. Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted between 25.96hr and 30hr in Denver and Detroit. This position is an hourly role without commission or cash bonuses. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.