 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Heres what youll do day to day:

Design and build scalable payments systems that process large scale financial transactions in a safe and secure way.
Own what you build end to end as you architect, implement, review, test, and iterate Gustos Fintech product suite.
Design highly scalable systems that drive the business growth for the next decade.
Tackle a wide variety of technical problems throughout the stack and contribute daily to all parts of our product code base.
Partner with product, data, finance, operations to push the boundaries of what the Fintech platforms can support.

Heres what were looking for:

10 years of technical experience with 4 years of technical leadership role in the Fintech payments domain.
Experience in designing complex financial payments systems, including, payments gateway, reconciliation system, ledger system, payment system redundancy and scalability.
Passionate about building the Fintech system that moves billions of dollars securely.
Independent, dedicated, and able to deliver production ready code with minimal guidance.
Enjoy working on technologies such as Ruby, Rails, Sidekiq, MySql, and AWS etc.
Well-structured, easily maintainable, well-documented code that balances beauty and pragmatism.
Experience developing best practices to build out and maintain scalable systems, service oriented applications, and more.

Learn more about the team:

Our Engineering Culture and Values
How We Built a Service-Driven Team
Our Diversity Goals and Efforts

Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 250,000-290,000 in the San Francisco Bay area. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.