 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Heres what youll do:

Partner with business analysts to understand requirements and provide scalable solutions in alignment with business technology strategy and architecture.
Manage a team of Salesforce developers and ensure successful delivery of projects across multiple pods on time and within budget.
Provide technical leadership and guidance to the development team
Collaborate and work with stakeholders across Business, IT, BI and Engineering to drive cross functional projects.
Design and maintain end-to-end integrations between our Product and Go-To-Market applications.
Provide best practice recommendations for Salesforce and GTM projects.
Keep up to date on industry trends and recommend solutions beyond Salesforce to meet business needs.
Develop and build solutions on force.com platform using OOB features, Flows, Apex, LWC, Web Services and APIs.
Improve quality and completeness of technical documentation.
Be a key stakeholder for the change management and development process.

Heres what were looking for:

Deep knowledge and experience of Sales processes and Salesforces suite of products across all SDLC phases.
Strong proficiency with Force.com Platform skills like Apex, Lightning (LWC, Aura), Visualforce, SOQL, Unit Testing etc.
Thorough understanding of SaaS data models, design considerations and connected web services.
Experience with Salesforce Sales Cloud, Marketing Cloud, Marketo, Eloqua or similar marketing solutions.
Good understanding of Salesforce DX, source-driven development using GitGithub or similar version control system, Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery as part of DevOps process.
8 years of experience leveraging Salesforce platform features and building custom solutions on Salesforce and other Go-To-Market applications
4 years of mentoring and training junior developers and administrators.
3 years of experience integrating business applications using platforms like Mulesoft, Snaplogic, Workato etc and APIs.
2 years of experience in team management and project delivery
Salesforce Sales Cloud Consultant, Platform App Builder, Platform Developer (I and II) and Salesforce Domain Architect certifications preferred.
BABS degree in Computer ScienceMath or equivalent practical experience.
Passionate about helping small business owners and converting pain points into solutions.

Learn more about the team:

Our Engineering Culture and Values
How We Built a Service-Driven Team
Our Diversity Goals and Efforts

Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 170,000-194,000 in Denver  most remote locations, and 206,000-235,000 for San Francisco  New York. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.