 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. The Tax Operations team within the Payroll Operations org is at the core of providing services that give our customers peace-of-mind. Tax Operations exists to ensure impeccable delivery of key customer needs. We are looking to invite a high energy, results-oriented, inspirational Operations leader with ability to work well and influence cross-functionally to scale our Tax Operations team!
This position is very hands-on, with an emphasis on Tax Filing experience from large payroll providers. You will manage a team that focuses on filing and paying our customers taxes, both quarterly and annually. The team you empower will conduct the filing and payments, and you will be accountable for the timely and accurate completion of these actions. Other skills needed include but are not limited to, conducting research and analysis, have excellent communication skills, and workflow management.  You must also possess and take pride in a high attention to detail, organization and task management, and be comfortable working in a fast-paced, deadline-driven business environment.
There are thousands of critical operational tasks that are completed for our customers accurately and on time, every time, in a proactive and scalable manner. We collaborate, help each other, and work cross-functional in a positive environment.
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Foster a culture of engagement to bring out customer driven results where Gusties feel empowered to put customers first, and develop their careers within the organization.
Oversee filing and remittance process at the Federal and State levels, as well as any amendments as needed. 
Ensure that tax payment and filing processes are timely and accurate within our agreed upon SLAs.
Partner with Compliance, Product, Engineering and PPIO teams to become skilled in processing any changes that may impact the tax payment and filing processes on behalf of our customers.
Lead strategic direction for Gustos payroll customers including identifying emerging technologies and implementing systems to ensure operational excellence and in turn exceptional customer outcomes.
Directly responsible for execution of quarterly and annual objectives and metrics.
Leader of change management in planning and facilitating team-wide improvement to the customer and Gustie experience.
Scale the Tax Operations team by increasing team efficiency and working cross-functionally with partner teams.
Empower a team of individual contributors.

Heres what were looking for:

1 years management experience
2 years tax experience from a payroll provider on a large scale
Tech process improvementoperations experience 
Proven track record of delivering an extremely high level of satisfaction across a customer base while also taking pride in driving operational efficiencies
Ability to think globally and strategically, influencing change across multiple business units and functions

The target level for this role is level 3 and our cash compensation amount is targeted at 73,000-95,000 in Denver  most remote locations. However, depending on candidate experience and expertise, an offer may be made at level 4, which has a target cash compensation amount of 90,000-118,000 in Denver  most remote locations. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate location, experience and expertise and may vary from the level and amounts listed above. As a reminder, most internal transfers at Gusto are lateral at the same level.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.