 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Senior Creative Copywriter:
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k), expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy.
Gusto is looking for an experienced Copy Based Creative.  A cross-disciplinary group of designers, illustrators, writers, and producers. The mission of our team is to build a category-defining brand and have a meaningful impact on Gustos business by shipping work that resonates with our customers. 
Your role will be to lead creative projects as well as inspire and manage our team and the greater organization.  This is a highly collaborative role that will require you to work closely with marketing leaders, product teams, and your Brand Studio team to ship effective projects and campaigns. Were looking for a creative problem solver who can think strategically but also loves coming up with new ideas and new ways to express them.
 
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Collaborate with our internal partners across marketing, product, and beyond to shape the strategy, ideation, and execution of world-class creative
Mentor and guide creatives on day-to-day projects as well as career paths and goals
Lead the ideation, messaging, and design of projects from start to finish
Represent the creative team to internal stakeholders, and provide input that will help shape planning and strategy
Deliver and solicit feedback to continually improve the Gusto brand
Clearly articulate copywriting decisions to a vast set of partners and stakeholders
Provide feedback to external creative agencies and vendors
Champion Brand Studios work to cross-functional stakeholders and push the brand to new heights

Heres what were looking for:

8 years leading creative projects 
3 years people management experience
Experience in long form and tech copy is a plus.
Experience leading medium to large-sized projects with multiple stakeholders
Experience collaborating closely with marketing organizations
Appetite for problem solving and a love for fast-paced environments
Experience designing for web, email, offline media, and video
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Very high standards
Ability to articulate the subjectivity of creative strategy to business goals

 
Our base salary cash compensation range for this role is 113,000 to 133,000 in Denver and most remote locations and 136,000 - 160,000 in San Francisco and New York. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors, including candidate experience and expertise, and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodationsgusto.com. 
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.