 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Strategize, execute and optimize best-in-class brand media campaigns, to drive brand awareness and customer acquisition metrics
Develop allocation of media resources across all brand media channels (e.g. TVVideo, RadioStreaming Audio, OOH, Social Media, Display, Direct Mail)
Own campaigns from end-to-end including planning strategy, tactical execution, vendor management, measurement, and reporting
Drive development of target audience, target consumption habits, competitive analysis, KPIs by funnel stage, channel flighting, and learning agenda
Ensure consistency in brand communication across brand advertising
Manage budget and drive continuous improvements to cost-effectively attract new customers
Lead media agency partner in campaign development and execution, and manage agency contracts, scope, and staffing
Drive reporting on effectiveness of campaigns and creative, including trafficking creative, managing audiences  creative assets, and building campaign dashboards to ensure programs are running smoothly
Work closely with data analytics and growth engineering, to ensure accurate tracking and measurement of activities.  In addition, partner with other internal teams, such as Creative, Product Marketing and Legal

Heres what were looking for:

6 years of experience in offline and digital media, including hands-on experience negotiating and optimizing campaigns, ideally with a focus on B2B or SaaS. 

Seeking 3 years offline experience and 3 years digital experience for combined total of 6 years

Deep understanding of paid media (all channels) and strong knowledge of the media industry 
Excellent understanding of the marketing business and its day-to-day operations
Experience leading media agencies on campaign strategy and execution
Experience in optimizing media programs, while driving efficiency and meeting LTV:CAC targets
Proven track record of building and executing experimentation plans, including creative testing
Experience in strategizing and executing IOs, MNDAs, MSAs, SOWs, etc.
Strong working knowledge of Excel, including advanced functions
Versatile and comfortable juggling multiple projects with several moving parts at once
Detail-oriented with strong organizational and project management skills
Excellent communication skills both oral and written
A deep interest in the latest media developments, industry trends, and best practices for digital and offline marketing
Demonstrated ability to work independently and within a collaborative team oriented environment
Passionate about Gustos mission and the impact we can have on the world

Extra credit:

Experience with small business marketing, subscription products, SaaS, or financial services.
Working knowledge of performance marketing channels, such as SEM and Affiliates
Experience with digital campaign management platforms (e.g. Google Ads, Microsoft Ads, DV 360, Meta Ads, The Trade Desk or other DSPs)
Fluency with modern business intelligence tools (e.g. Amplitude, Tableau), including tag management (e.g. Tealium, Google Tag Manager)
Experience with advanced measurement and analytics (multi-touch attribution, media mix modeling, or similar)

 
Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 115,000-132,000yr in Denver  most remote locations, and 125,000-163,000yr for San Francisco  New York. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.