 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. About this Position
The WFM Forecast Analyst is responsible for supporting contact center stakeholders by effectively delivering accurate forecasts and helping to optimize resource allocation to achieve business objectives. 
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Generating, maintaining, and providing short-term forecasts for call volume, average handle time (AHT), shrinkage, number of agents needed for workload, work capacity, for different touchpoint types.
Analyzes contact center trends to forecast workload needs.
Complete audits as needed ensuring accuracy in forecasts.
Regularly compares results to forecast and works with WFM leadership to identify opportunities for improvement.
Consult with all relevant internal and external stakeholders to provide any relevant staffing trends or operational workforce insights.
Work in partnership with the Data and Analytics team to calibrate on reports and key performance indicators to ensure consistency and clarity in the strategies we provide.
Performs any other related duties as required or assigned independently.

Heres what were looking for:

3 years Workforce Management experience preferred.
Prior experience with workforce optimization software.
Proficient understanding of forecasting methodologies like Ernlang-C, exponential smoothing, etc.
Strong analytical skills with proficiency in Excel and the Google Suite.
Adept at complex problem solving, judgment, critical thinking, and decision making.
Highly organized with an emphasis on accuracy and timeliness.
Structured thinker with sound attention to detail and accurately follow procedures.
Ability to work independently and collaborate with others in a team environment while juggling occasional time pressures and several tasks at the same time.
Ability to effectively communicate verbally and in writing with internal employees and external vendorsagencies at any experience level while being sensitive to professional ethics.
Ability to work with a sense of urgency while navigating complex requirements.
Ability to work occasionally evenings and weekends to meet deadlines.

Our cash compensation range for this role is 93,000-109,000 in Denver  most major metros. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors, including candidate location, experience and expertise, and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.