 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. What we are looking for
Symmetry Software is looking to hire an experienced Product Manager for our rapidly growing organization. Our APIs and SDKs are the foundation of Symmetrys business, reaching over 64 million employees paychecks every year. You will be responsible for the creation, strategies, and roadmaps for both existing and future business lines. As the second hire in the Product organization, youll have a unique opportunity to improve the product development process within a small, fast paced team. This is a builder role and is empowered by Symmetry Softwares Head of Product.
If you are a builder of API products who thrives on making a major business impact at a high-growth company, we would love to hear from you!
What youll be doing

Cultivate a deep understanding of the payroll technology marketplace with a focus on client experience
Define the strategy and roadmap for our core product portfolio
Collaborate with clients, engineers, and other cross-functional partners (including the Symmetry leadership team) to execute the roadmap and make day-to-day prioritization decisions
Develop a framework and set of metrics to measure the impact you deliver to the business
Execute hypothesis-driven product experiments, iterate, and ship to customers frequently
Drive improvements to the Symmetry product development lifecycle

Experience  Requirements
Prior Experience

7 years of hands-on product management experience, with 2 years building technical products for developers
Established track record of building API products at rapidly scaling companies in deep collaboration with engineering teams
Proven ability to drive large projects through their lifecycle, applying past experiences to make practical choices between speed and quality to deliver effective solutions
Bachelors degree preferred or equivalent experience

Required Skills  Mindsets

Innate ownership mindset. You thrive on owning problems end-to-end and will take a hands-on approach to do whatever it takes to make the product and team successful
Fearless in diving deep into new areas to learn and gain the knowledge you need to be successful in a technical product space
Empowering leadership style. You know how to lead from the front and from the back and are passionate about helping those around you grow and improve
Strong written and verbal communication skills with a passion for precise articulation of customer needs
An obsession with getting the details right, big and small

Our clients come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home with us.
Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 186,000yr to 222,000yr in Scottsdale  most remote locations, and 219,000yr - 261,000yr for San Francisco  New York. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.