 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Gusto is looking for a team oriented, experienced Workforce Administrator who loves strategically thinking outside the box to solve complex contact center quandaries. You will report into the Workforce Management (WFM) team and be an integral part of scaling the team to propel Gusto to the next level of success.
The Workforce Management Administrator helps deliver exceptional customer experiences and achieve overall business objectives by maintainingimproving Gustos agent-facing solutions, and the productivityperformance reporting workstream. The Administrator will lead the program management for the WFM optimization, telephony, and CRM tools, implementations and upgrades as well as all training needs within the department. Other responsibilities include fulfilling management, operational, procedural, and ad-hoc analysis duties.
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Coordination of technology issues and reporting improvements
Primary ownership of strategyprogram management for IVRBliss as it ties into WFM toolsScheduling Tool and collaborator for development and usage of workload delivering tools
Monitoring IVR use and making recommendations to improve customer and agent experience
Handle reporting requests from the management team including requirements gathering, resolving expected impact, prioritization, processreport development and ensures consistency and relevancy
Prioritization of new functionality and enhancements and deprecating old or unused product functionality
Improving and maintaining routing strategiesin-queue messaging and new media channels [incl. new modalities]
Training on Scheduling tool as well as quality audits
Off hours support for high-severity issues as needed
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned
Stay current on internal policies and procedures
Effectively communicate with peers and those we support in the business to ensure high quality and timely completion of work requests
Respond to management requests to produce what if scenarios

Heres what were looking for:

5 years relevant Workforce Management experience working in a contact center environment
Prior experience with workforce optimization software
Experience working in a global environment
Experience leading remote team
Experience working with third party vendors
Strong data analysis experience capturing, storing and reporting historical statistics
Shown NICE IEX, NICE CXOne, and Salesforce knowledge
Strong analytical skills and prioritization skills, as well as a well-developed sense of urgency and follow-through; ability to handle multiple projects under pressure
Excellent written and oral communication skills that can be demonstrated through the use of email, chat and all other forms of media channels
High-caliber interpersonal skills, presentationfacilitation skills and ability to work productively with all levels in an organization while maintaining a positive demeanor
Optimistic leadership: you are passionate about making magic for our community. You realize the vital role that staffing plays in appropriately cultivating positive experiences with our customers, allowing for positive support experiences every time, all the time

Our cash compensation range for this role is 107,000yr to 141,000yr in Denver  most major metros. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors, including candidate location, experience and expertise, and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.