 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Join the Customer Care team!
Gusto is seeking support experts who thrive in a fast paced, solutions based call center environment. You will own each customer experience from start to finish, ensuring exceptional service and accurate resolution. You will guide our customers through our product features and act as their advocate internally to influence our product decisions and roadmap. 
We are currently hiring Customer Care Advocates on our Benefits Care team! 
The Customer Care team is the linchpin of our world-class customer experience. With their passion, insight, and customer advocacy, this team has helped us maintain a high NPS score while serving tens of thousands of businesses. As a Customer Care Advocate supporting Benefits at Gusto, you will guide our customers to solutions, answering queries via phone and email each day. 
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

You will provide exceptional customer service by interacting with small business owners to resolve inquiries via email, chat, and live phone shifts, the latter lasting up to 8 hours during periods of high inbound call volume. 
You will stay up-to-date with new productsfeatures and be able to consistently communicate these updates to customers in a way that ensures an exceptional customer experience.
You will be able to perform your duties in a fast-paced environment, being able to adapt to change quickly in order to quickly resolve customer issues.
You will be required to expand your critical thinking skills and knowledge in order to answer progressively more challengingcomplex customer inquiries.
You will work in close collaboration with other advocates as well as collaborate across the company in order to influence product development.
You will be flexible in order to accommodate annual volume spikes ranging from December through March where we require additional weekend overtime and blackout periods for paid time off in order to provide the best service possible to our customers. 
You will be able to deliver exemplary customer service using a search first mentality. 

Heres what were looking for:

6 months - 2 years of work experience in a customer-facing role.
Preferred: 1 - 2 years experience in a contact center environment, andor supporting benefits.
A consummate teammate, ready to wear multiple hats, inspire those around you and work collectively while priding yourself in maintaining a professional brand and image.
Self Starter: A proactive problem solver with incredible critical thinking skills, comfortable with a role heavy in customer interaction for a minimum of 24 months.
Handles stress well: Conflict resolution skills and a personality that thrives in a dynamic environment.
Reliable: Reference checks should reveal no attendancetardiness patterns. 
Ethical: The demands of this position are not an excuse to abandon our values, but rather, an opportunity to reveal them to our customers.
Great written and verbal communicator: Loves writing and talking about technical concepts to a wide range of audiences and understands the importance of listening to the customer before delivering service.

At Gusto, we strive to provide rewards that empower employees to achieve their financial and personal goals. We offer competitive compensation packages with a strong emphasis on equity-based compensation (ownership in Gusto). To learn more about Gustos compensation philosophy and benefits offerings please view our Total Rewards Approach page.
Our cash compensation for this role is 20.20hr in Denver  most remote locations. Remote locations will vary based on our geographical pay approach. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors, including candidate location, experience and expertise, and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.