 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Director of Product Marketing
San Francisco, CA; New York, NY
 
About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k), expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy.
Were looking for a senior strategic, growth-oriented Product Marketing leader to accelerate the adoption and growth of Gusto.  
 
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Lead Product Marketing Initiatives: Operate at the highest strategic product marketing level, driving cross-functional programs with a forward-looking orientation supported by research and data analysis, enabled by big-picture thinking and a get-it-done attitude.
Strategy and Planning: Work with Product, Sales, and Marketing teams to develop and execute a plan that delivers product-market fit that surpasses monthly, quarterly, and annual revenue targets. We need someone who can not only think product, but who can directly support revenue growth initiatives.
Deliver Go-to-Market Campaigns: Work closely with our Revenue teams (Sales, Marketing, Revenue Operations) to plan and execute our GTM strategies that can help us optimize our approach, process, andor offering to better match prospects needs and intent. 

 
Heres what were looking for:

15 year track record of success driving product B2B SaaS marketing strategies and go-to-market programs of significant scale (e.g., over 100M in annual revenue) and launching and scaling products or markets
8 years experience hiring, developing, and leading diverse and high-performing teams
Experience using customer insights and data to inform segmentation, buyer personas, messaging, competitive positioning, pricing recommendations, and go-to-market plans
Exceptional leadership and communication skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams
Strategic thinking combined with a roll up the sleeves doer attitude
Experience marketing to accountants is a plus

 
Our base salary cash compensation range for this role is 178,000 to 213,000 in Denver and most other remote locations, and 209,000 to 250,000 in San Francisco and New York City. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors, including candidate experience and expertise, and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Our customers come from all walks of life, and so do we. We hire people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state, and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodationsgusto.com. 
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.