 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. About the Role
We are looking for a senior software engineer to join our Product Security Engineering team. Our team has the unique opportunity to prioritize bold engineering projects across the company to better protect our customers.
The Product Security team helps Gusto move faster, securely. Were a team of engineers who work to enable other teams to build products as quickly as possible while continuing to protect our customers. We help developers ship secure code by building security tools and services, providing security training and expertise, and advocating for best practices in authentication, authorization, and safe data handling across the company.
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Bolster security in core systems such as authentication, authorization, sensitive data storage, API design, and more.
Build software to keep our customers and company safe and secure.
Work on impactful engineering problems across Gusto.
Maintain high uptime for core services.
Provide leadership in promoting security and software engineering excellence.

Heres what were looking for:

5 years of experience building software.
Experience building high-availability distributed systems and services.
Experience with managing AWS cloud infrastructure (EC2, RDS, S3, VPCs)
Experience with and understanding of authorization strategies such as role-based authorization and attribute-based authorization.
Experience with applied cryptography - envelope encryption, AEAD, ECDSA.Experience with Kotlin or Java with a desire to learn server-side Kotlin.
Experience with any of these technologies is a plus: Open Policy Agent, GraphQL, gRPC, Google Tink, Kubernetes, Terraform, Traefik, Vert.x.
Previous experience in a security-related role is a plus.
We mainly use Ruby, Kotlin, and JavaScriptTypescript.

Our cash compensation range for this role is 155,000yr to 244,000yr in Denver  most remote locations, and 200,000yr to 268,000yr in San Francisco  New York. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors, including candidate experience and expertise, and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.