 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. As a Software Engineering Lead on the International Products Team, your role will involve collaborating with your team to develop software solutions that facilitate accurate and timely payments for international contractors and employees. Your primary focus will be on streamlining payment processes and enhancing the overall efficiency of our international payroll services. Youll write backend (Ruby) and frontend (TypeScript) code while growing technically and being supported by your peers. Lastly, youll directly empower a few team members, conducting 1:1s and ensuring their growth is on track. At the end of the day, youll close your laptop knowing your work is making a difference for millions of employees, and hundreds of thousands of business owners.
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Participate in daily team times during which we plan, pair program, and laugh together.
Conduct 1:1s with your team members, and support their continued growth and learning.
Write backend (Ruby) and frontend (TypeScript) code.
Collaborate with your peers and People Empowerer to make difficult technical tradeoffs.
Build software that touches the lives of millions of people and moves billions of dollars.
Grow technically, and as a teammate, while both learning and teaching.

Heres what were looking for:

At least 4 years of professional software engineering experience, including at least a year of team lead responsibilities
A desire to learn and grow on the job.
Building with quality and rigor in mind, and a constant focus on the impact our code has on our customers financial well-being.
Must be physically located and eligible to work in Turkiye
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Comfort navigating a domain that is frequently ambiguous, and asking for help and clarification when needed.
Willingness to timeshift for some overlap with US-based teammates.
Existing familiarity with Ruby and TypeScript is a plus!

Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.