 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. Gusto is looking for a mid-career data scientist with a solid grounding in statistics and data story-telling and a passion for product analytics.
About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. 
About the Role
In this role you will work closely with other members of our Data Science team, as well as our Engineering, Product and Design partners to define and track product metrics, design customer-facing experiments and dive deep into our Payroll, Benefits and HR data to deliver impactful insights to our business partners. 
Gustos Data Science team leverages Gustos rich dataset to guide product direction and decision-making. We operate full-stack, working closely with product managers to apply data insights to strategy and product decisions, conducting analyses, prototyping and deploying predictive models and statistical tools both for internal use and for our customers.
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Work closely with product groups to define, measure and report on core product and feature metrics, and to define standards and practices for how product groups work with data
Perform in-depth analyses of our Payroll, Benefits and HR product data to inform and guide product direction and strategy
Design and analyze customer-facing experiments
Work with our business intelligence teams to turn your insights and analyses into clean and consistent reporting
Be a strong voice for a data-informed point of view within our engineering, product and design organization
Collaborate with UX research to design surveys and provide quantitative insights on customer experience

Heres what were looking for:

We love meeting people with different data backgrounds. For this Senior Data Science role, we are looking for at least 3-5 years experience working with large-scale data. This could mean either a MS or PhD in a quantitative field with at least 3 years experience in a business environment, or BS or Data Science Bootcamp graduate with at least 3 years of experience working as a data scientist in a business setting.
Strong SQL skills, and be comfortable in at least one scripting or statistical programming language (ideally Python andor R)
Strong knowledge of statistics and experiment design and ability to apply these to conducting and interpreting analyses, data visualization, presentation and recommendations
Excellent communicator - able to effectively deliver findings and recommendations to non-technical stakeholders in a clear and compelling fashion
Be curiosity-driven and passionate about teaching and evangelizing a data-informed approach to product development to product managers, designers and engineers

Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 152,000-167,000yr in Denver  most remote locations, and 161,000-176,000yr for San Francisco and New York. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.