 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. In this role, youll have a meaningful impact on Gustos second largest product and business - Gusto Benefits. Gusto Benefits is on a mission to expand and enable access to quality health and financial benefits. We aspire to be the 1 Benefits solution for SMBs. Large employers have Enterprise brokers, Third Party Administrators, and Benefits Consultants on retainer. SMBs have Gusto.
Our Benefits Product team is responsible for the full stack of Gustos benefits product including the front-end app, its underlying platform services, and internal tooling for our Operations teams. As a Principal Product Manager, you will be provided an opportunity to play a meaningful role fulfilling Gustos mission and growing Gustos business. 
Heres what youll do day-to-day:

Assess health insurance alternatives for Gusto to offer, e.g. PEOs, AHPs, level-funded solutions for SMBs.
Thoughtfully expand Gustos health insurance and carrier portfolio to meet customer demand and solve the largest barrier to offering Employer-sponsored Health Insurance: the rising cost of insurance.
Oversee 0  1 product development for new health insurance alternatives, run early pilots and define and implement the post-pilot software and service strategy to enable efficient and effective scaling.
Explore and implement solutions to improve quality and lower cost of customers health insurance and healthcare. 
Oversee strategic conversations with current and new carrier partners to understand and influence their strategic roadmaps to better serve SMBs.
Be an end to end owner of products and businesses responsible for adoption, customer experience, and cost to serve.

Heres what were looking for:

6 years of hands-on product management experience.
Experience bringing new (0  1) health insurance products to market by building both the software and service models to enable successful pilot, and then scaling.
Exceptional cross functional collaborator and leader.
Ability to identify emerging opportunities and industry trends, build business cases, define product vision and strategy, and create a supporting roadmap that rapidly iterates into delivering on your vision.
Entrepreneurial, driven, passionate about our mission, and have deep empathy for our customers.
Experience working in operationally complex spaces and regulated industries.
A proven track record of building products that customers love.

At Gusto, we strive to provide rewards that empower employees to achieve their financial and personal goals. We offer competitive compensation packages with a strong emphasis on equity based compensation (ownership in Gusto). To learn more about Gustos compensation philosophy and benefits offerings please view our Total Rewards Approach page.
Our cash compensation range for this role is 158,000yr to 188,000yr in Denver  most remote locations, and 192,000yr to 228,000yr in San Francisco  New York. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors, including candidate experience and expertise, and may vary from the amounts listed above.
 
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.