 

About Gusto
Gusto is a modern, online people platform that helps small businesses take care of their teams. On top of full-service payroll, Gusto offers health insurance, 401(k)s, expert HR, and team management tools. Today, Gusto offices in Denver, San Francisco, and New York serve more than 300,000 businesses nationwide.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. What youll do day-to-day:

Work with the Principal Economist to develop and execute a research and insights agenda related to entrepreneurship, small business trends, and labor and workforce trends.
Conduct quantitative analysis of platform and external data using everything from basic analysis to advanced econometrics and data science techniques. 
Design and implement original surveys (with support). 
Partner in the design and execution of mixed methods research. 
Identify the data and methods needed to produce robust, unbiased research and new metrics that address knowledge gaps and informs new policy and strategy.
Design and author regular and special topics reports and analysis, aligned with the research agenda. 
Stay abreast of latest academic literature related to entrepreneurship, small business, employment and labor market dynamics. Be a subject matter expert on these issues. 
Represent Gusto research and analysis externally to media, policy, customer, and partner audiences.
Coordinate and build relationships with Gustos Data Science, Policy, Communications and User Experience (UX) and Product teams to better incorporate research results into company product and strategy.
Serve as an advocate and influencer for the rest of the business to develop the ability to collect and use data, research, and analysis for greater long-term growth.

What were looking for:

Graduate degree in Economics, Quantitative Sociology, Public Policy or related quantitative discipline. Ph.D. or commensurate work experience preferred. 
At least four years of professional experience. 
Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to tailor communication to business, mediapress, academic, technical and political audiences.
Strong quantitative analysis skills, including advanced skills in RPythonStata. Knowledge of SQL is not a prerequisite for hire, but will be required for success in the position. 
Curious mind with a strong ability to develop meaningful and relevant research questions about entrepreneurship and work, and pursue a practical research program to answer them. 
Understanding of publicly available data sources and how they can be pairedused to conduct research and derive insights. 
Experience with quantitative research and analysis in the area of labor economics, or entrepreneurship small business dynamics.
Enthusiasm for helping small businesses create economic wealth and prosperity for themselves and their workforce. 
Knowledgeexperience with survey design andor qualitative methods a plus. 
Knowledgeexperience with manipulating and analyzing platform data a plus. 

Whats in it for you:

Own a research agenda, with lots of runway to chart your own path and see your ideas through to fruition, and the opportunity to influence the direction of the team and the business. 
Shape the conversation about issues that affect the SMB economy and its workforce. 
Develop research and data that are used by government, non-profits, and the private sector for decision-making. 
Diverse work. This role includes research, partnership and relationship-building, communicating with media and external audiences, and shapinginfluencing business decisions. 
Build credibility and authoritative voice around topics of vital interest to the US economy.
Support the success of small businesses and promote entrepreneurship as a path to prosperity for owners and their workforce.
Build relationships with world-class research and academic organizations. 
Work with a high-performing, agile, and supportive team. (Were pretty cool.) 

Our cash compensation amount for this role is targeted at 150,000year - 185,000year for San Francisco  New York, and 140,000year - 175,000year in Denver  most remote locations. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including candidate experience and expertise and may vary from the amounts listed above.
Our mission is to create a world where work empowers a better life, and it starts right here at Gusto. Thats why were committed to building a collaborative and inclusive workplace, both physically and virtually. Learn more about our Total Rewards philosophy. 
Gusto has physical office spaces in Denver, San Francisco, and New York City. Employees who are based in those locations will be expected to work from the office on designated days approximately 2-3 days per week (or more depending on role). The same office expectations apply to all Symmetry roles, Gustos subsidiary, whose physical office is in Scottsdale.
Note: The San Francisco office expectations encompass both the San Francisco and San Jose metro areas. 
When approved to work from a location other than a Gusto office, a secure, reliable, and consistent internet connection is required.

Our customers come from all walks of life and so do we. We hire great people from a wide variety of backgrounds, not just because its the right thing to do, but because it makes our company stronger. If you share our values and our enthusiasm for small businesses, you will find a home at Gusto. 
Gusto is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate in hiring or any employment decision based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or other applicable legally protected characteristic. Gusto considers qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law. Gusto is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you require assistance in filling out a Gusto job application, please reach out to candidate-accommodationsgusto.com.