This role exists to create quality, scalable digital solutions for Gymshark and its customers, with a focus on Backend and Infrastructure development.
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Working collaboratively with Engineering colleagues and Leads to meet sprint goals, as well as ensuring sprints are successful
Collaborating with Product Owners to ensure that expectations are managed, delivering as required within the specified timelines
Collaborating with peers and other teams as necessary to understand and work towards outcomes
Assisting POsBAs in refining stories to ensure that they meet the teams Definition of Ready
Presenting on the work delivered within an iteration to key stakeholders, clearly demoing the business value in language that non-technical stakeholders can understand
Inputting to the continuous improvement of the team (including quality, process, teamwork, but not limited to these things) through retrospectives and other appropriate channels

WHAT YOULL NEED: 
Essential Criteria:

Experience writing software in one of the following: GoLang, Java, JavaScriptTypeScript or equivalent languages
Hands-on delivery of Software solutions according to the sprint backlog
Proven experience with implementing solutions that deliver genuine value to their users
Performed a suitable degree of testing against a given solution before delivery
Supported QA team members in their creation and performance of robust test plans

WHAT YOU COULD ALSO HAVE:

Experience creating, maintaining and improving CICD pipelines
Building all infrastructure where possible using Infrastructure As Code (IaC)
Implementing monitoring solutions based around value-focused KPIs for the solution as well as traditional infrastructure metrics
Inputting towards the overarching solution design

Closing date for applications: 17th November 2023
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
THE PERKS.
 Competitive Win Together, Lose Together Bonus Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us! 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want. A truly Flexible Working Culture A collaborative, creative and inspiring working environment Employer pension contributions up to 7 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary 50 Gymshark Discount Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Great Training and Learning Resources Choice of hardware and access to the best software Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family Refuel - Healthy fresh food at GSHQ Lifting Club (LC) Gym Membership Free monthly massages Beauty and Barber facilities Free on-site parking