OVERVIEW:
This role exists to support our Retail stores turn data into meaningful action. Through combining multiple data points this person will be a critical component in defining and refining the retail strategy, whether it be what we sell, why we sell or how we sell.
This role also exists to challenge how Gymshark retail shows up, ensuring our stores are commercial and meet the needs on our community, whilst continuing to welcome new community members. 
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Analysis and identify retail trends across multiple data points; Sale, NPS, inventory, footfall, etc. 
Maintain a detailed understanding of retail innovation, ensuring Gymshark continues to lead retail design across physical fixtures  technology.  
Defining the Gymshark retail service model. 
Build and maintain a retail dashboard 
Analysis our GTM (Go To Market) strategy, providing business insights to validate outcomes align with the retail strategy.  
Serving the stores  teams as your customer to enable seamless customer  team journeys and prioritise accordingly 
Managing 3P supplier  vendor relationships  
Building strong relationships with business-wide stakeholders  acting as a retail consultant throughout the business; the voice of Retail, providing direction, expertise, and feedback 
Budget management  Retail PL reconciliation. 
Encouraging a culture of belonging that everyone wants to be part of 
Supporting, coaching  developing others to grow  
Proactively networking externally to support your and business growth  knowledge  
Proactively network outside of Gymshark.  

WHAT YOULL NEED:

Retail  operations experience in a fast paced, high volume and agile environment.
Experience with retail labour management.
Experience in people  stakeholder management.  
Strong project skills, ability to lead, manage  support multiple complex projects simultaneously.  
Ability to shift between the strategic and the operational details.
Clear communicator.  
Strong interpersonal  collaboration skills. 
Understanding of how to motivate  communicate to retail teams. 
Experience in decision making, negotiation and problem solving. 
Willing to challenge and be challenged.  
Willingness to give and receive effective feedback.  
High organisation, time management and prioritisation skills.  

WHO YOU ARE:

You Lead by example with a diverse, accessible and inclusive approach.
You adjust your approach to assist and elevate others.
You inspire trust, and trust those around you.
Always questioning the norm, strive for innovation, originality, and improvement.
Win and lose together mentality.

This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3 days a week in our LDN office.
Closing Date: 27th November, 2023
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
In order to comply with PCI-DSS standards (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) which governs how we handle, store and access payment data, this position is subject to satisfactory results from necessary pre-employment checks, including a basic DBS check.
THE PERKS.
At Gymshark we believe in the importance of investing in our employees through their physical, mental, and financial health along with being able to provide some fun and inclusive perks along the way.
 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want.
 Employer pension contributions up to 7
 Contribution to a gym membership 
 50 Gymshark Discount
 Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support
 Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell
 Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family
 Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service
 Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us!
 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary
 Bonus potential 