OVERVIEW:
At Gymshark, our mission is to Unite the Conditioning Community. We do this by bringing together the Gymshark family  whether it be through a love of conditioning, wearing our product, following our Athletes or viewing content across our various social platforms. 
In October 2022, the 10th year of our existence, we opened our very first Retail Store - a Flagship on Londons prestigious Regent St.  A permanent space in which our community can meet, shop, and work out.  Our store is an experience totally unique to Gymshark, and not your typical retail environment. Its all about experience first, and retail second.  A creative and flexible space, where everyone can feel at home, meet friends, make new ones, or just hang out.  A place where URL meets IRL. 
The In-store Operations Manager role (internally we refer to this as our Operations Team Lead) is essential to the seamless running of our Flagship store. As a crucial role in the leadership team, youll be key in supporting the whole team to help bring Gymshark to life, in real life. Youll build and connect a hyper-localised and fully engaged community in your market, treating them like family. We dont care if they buy, browse, or just hang out. What matters is providing a safe space where everyone belongs and feels welcome.
To thrive in this role, you must be passionate about the brand and our mission.  You must inspire, guide and encourage the team to create a great experience for all who visit. 
You will have ownership of one of our four key pillars, which means working closely with our GSHQ teams  collaborating, ideating, and making sure that our physical offering is always evolving. 
WHAT YOULL BE DOING: 
There are 4 key pillars of responsibility across our Team Lead roles: Customer, Brand, Operations and People. Within the Operations pillar the duties will include:

Support the management of a smooth, unified commerce experience, striving to initiate and evolve an enhanced and unique customer experience 
Support stock management and movement including audits, delivery, and rapid replenishment so we dont miss an opportunity 
Maintain exceptional standards with daily floor walks, checking team scheduling and monitoring supplies. Ensure daily operations are well managed and run smoothly 
Support store management to ensure both team and customers are kept safe and sound at all times (Health and Safety, all LP considerations)
Support all store processes and compliance, identifying needs, delivering training, and maintaining accurate and consistent process management 
Be a role model for all in-store sustainability commitments, and support team members to understand and participate  

CORE TEAM LEAD RESPONSIBILITIES: 

Responsible for supporting the overall day-to-day running and strategic execution of the store, while thinking about the what next and being present to the now.
Identify and share opportunities both within your pillar and for the wider Gymshark business.
Delivering feedback and working alongside your co-collaborators globally.
Support with the hiring, developing, and leading of a diverse and world class team that is as excited about Gymshark as we are.
Support the management of your team, delivering training, creating learning opportunities and supporting everyone to be their best.
Strive to achieve KPIs for your pillar, as demonstrated by the business, by motivating your team through passionate leadership and coaching.
Be a role model for brand, customer experience, product knowledge and operational best practice and be able to train the wider team.
Support Gymsharks most important assets: our people, customers, and community. Ensure they and their environment are safe and sound at all times. Also have responsibility for physical assets such as building, stock and tech and ensure any losses are minimised and everything is running as it should.
Support the store management with the execution of store driven projects as and when needed.

WHAT YOULL NEED:

Proven experience in an Operations role
Experience in a retail Team Lead Management role  
Experience of working in a fast-paced, high volume, agile environment 
Experience managing teams and are passionate about development  
Community building in a new market  
Comfortable working in a digital environment
Highly effective communicator, written and verbal 
You are comfortable shifting gears and spinning multiple plates 
Must be able to take and give constructive feedback 

COMPETENCIES:

Action Oriented: Enjoys working hard; Is action oriented and full of energy for the things heshe sees as a challenge.
Planning: Accurately scopes out length and difficulty of tasks and projects; Sets objectives and clear goals; Breaks down work into manageable process steps; Develops schedules and taskspeople assignments; Anticipates and adjusts for problems and roadblocks; Measures performance against goals.
Priority Setting: Spends hisher time and the time of others on whats important; Eliminates roadblocks; Can quickly sense what will help or hinder accomplishing a goal; Creates focus.
Motivating Others: Creates a climate in which people want to do their best; Invites input from each person and shares ownership and visibility; Is someone people like working for and with.
Customer Focused: Is dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers; Acts with customers in mind.
Learning on the Fly: A relentless and versatile learner; Open to change; Analyses both successes and failures for improvement; Experiments and will try anything to find a solution; Enjoys using ideas of others to achieve goals.

WHO YOU ARE:

Aligned to and inspired by our brand values 
A shared passion for our team, customer  community experiences and brand  product education
You do everything to ensure community and customer satisfaction 
Your energy is infectious, you inspire those around you 
Future focused visionary with integrity
A natural networker and connector 
You do all of this whilst having fun, and ensuring others around you are too  
You can commit to working where and when the retail teams need you. This could be in-store, on weekends or bank holidays 

In order to comply with PCI-DSS standards (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) which governs how we handle, store and access payment data, this position is subject to satisfactory results from necessary pre-employment checks, including a basic DBS check. This will be conducted at offer stage and covers unspent convictions only. In all cases well always speak to you first and no offers will be automatically withdrawn.
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
THE PERKS.
At Gymshark we believe in the importance of investing in our employees through their physical, mental, and financial health along with being able to provide some fun and inclusive perks along the way.
 33 days holidays (including Bank Holidays)  your birthday  Employer pension contributions up to 7 Contribution to a gym membership  50 Gymshark Discount Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family Bonus potential 