OVERVIEW:As a brand, our mission is to unite the conditioning community, and for the first time ever, we are doing this in a permanent retail space. As the most important role in the store team, youll play a pivotal part in bringing Gymshark to life, in real life. Our store will behave in a way thats totally unique to Gymshark. Our community and customers are our family, so we treat them as such. We dont care if they buy, browse, or just hang out. What matters is providing a safe space where everyone belongs and feels welcome.
WORKING HOURS: Full Time  Part Time
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Providing an incredible community experience, by being a Gymshark ambassador.
Contributing to your stores community, values, and shared goals.
Ensuring our community have an unforgettable shopping experience.
Seamlessly move between all areas of the store whilst delivering a consistent experience.
Demonstrating Gymshark products, working with customers to identify their needs and match with the right products.
Proactively approaching customers, supporting queries and sharing product knowledge.
Supporting with processing deliveries, audits and promotions.
Ensuring the store looks and feels ready to invite the world in.
Always ready to engage customers to bring them into the Gymshark community and share the brand story.
Support events in store, helping to inform and excite the community.
Actively meet new and current members of the Gymshark community, updating them on the exciting events coming to store, creating a fun, inclusive and diverse community.
Collaborating with the team to ensure training is both followed and completed.

WHAT YOULL NEED:

A passion for community, wellness, or fitness.
Enjoy talking to people and be at ease approaching customers and talking about our products.
A passion for delivering awesome customer experience.
A passion for retail environments and teamwork.
Enthusiasm and driven.
Clear communication skills.
A natural networker and connector.
You are comfortable with digital technology.
You can commit to working flexibly. This could be in-store, on weekends or bank holidays.
To meet the relevant right to work requirements in the UK in place at the time of applying.

BELONGING AT GYMSHARK
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email retailtalentgymshark.com.
OUR VALUES ARE INVALUABLE
Sharing the same values and beliefs make us who we are  visionaries. You will be the type of person that always looks to be accessible, inclusive, and humble (Be Human). You are conscious of the world we live in, caring for those around us and are proactive to create positive change (Give a Shit). You are honest, trustworthy, and genuine (Do the Right Thing). You are ambitious, agile and have a disruptive approach (Find the Gymshark Way). You understand that to go further, we go together (Put Family First)