OVERVIEW:
At Gymshark, our mission is to Unite the Conditioning Community. We do this by bringing together the Gymshark family  whether it be through a love of conditioning, wearing our product, following our Athletes or viewing content across our various social platforms. 
In October 2022, the 10th year of our existence, we opened our very first Retail Store - a Flagship on Londons prestigious Regent St.  A permanent space in which our community can meet, shop, and work out.  Our store is an experience totally unique to Gymshark, and not your typical retail environment. Its all about experience first, and retail second.  A creative and flexible space, where everyone can feel at home, meet friends, make new ones, or just hang out.  A place where URL meets IRL. 
As our Retail Project Manager youll lead key Retail projects within the Retail Programme; ensuring scope, plan and execution sets us to deliver our Retail strategy and its intended benefits. As part of our multi-function, multi-specialism Programme team; youre accountable for the leadership and management of a range of Retail-related projects; delivered simultaneously, concurrently and at pace.
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Reporting to the Head of Programme this role leads component projects within the Programme and Retail strategy across People, Product, Finance, Merchandising, Supply Chain, Property, Retail Operations, Legal, Technology  Brand
Scoping; defining  managing objectives; deliverables and work packages across multiple projects
Simultaneous planning, monitoring  delivery of complex cross-functional projects, from start to finish 
Responsible for the integrity and stability of Retail projects; supporting and adapting for all workstream practices and delivery styles
Maintaining project plans, including the critical path; risks; issues; dependencies and budget [where needed]
Responsible for project resource-planning; ensuring suitable and adequate resource and representation is assigned to meet objectives
Responsible for coordinating, supporting, and challenging Project Working Groups and stakeholders in delivering their projects to plan
Identifying, mitigating andor escalating project-level risks, where their impact threatens Retail, or wider business
Reporting progress of projects against their success criteria, to the programme, stakeholders and business leadership through concise, regular, accurate reportage
Acting as the key point of contact for Retail projects; liaising with functional leads; project managers, stakeholders, and operational colleagues
Evaluating projects and facilitating post-implementation reviews; identifying lessons learned and executing plans to act on these in future
Championing of the Retail ambition and strategy; providing support, challenge, and relentless enthusiasm to deliver the best possible outcomes
Showcasing Retail projects as best practice what good looks like to the wider business; through utilisation and development of the Retail Programme framework
Championing continuous development; driving simplification  consistency for projects and programmes within Gymshark 

WHAT YOULL NEED:

Experience of managing workstreamsprojects within a dynamic and fast paced programme environment
Change-native; with evidence of successfully delivering complex, x-functional projects as part of large-scale, transformational programmes of work
Experience designing, building  delivering complex projects, with high levels of business change; and sustainably embedding into business as usual
Experience in managing projects with multiple internal and external work streams
Solution-orientated mindset with an ability to work accurately at pace and cope with ambiguity
Effectively managed project budgets; owning  facilitating related decisions
People-first mindset with vast experience in people management [matrix  dotted line]
Proficient with office and project management software [MS Project, Basecamp]
Proficient with project management methodologies such as PRINCE2 and or Agile; with a thorough understanding of techniques and methodology

WHO YOU ARE:

You lead by example with a diverse, accessible and inclusive approach
You adjust your approach to assist and elevate others
You inspire trust, and trust those around you
Always questioning the norm, strive for innovation, originality, and improvement
Win and lose together mentality 

This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3 days a week in our Solihull office.
Closing Date: 10th November 2023
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email retailtalentgymshark.com. 
OUR VALUES ARE INVALUABLE
Sharing the same values makes us who we are  visionaries. You will be the type of person that always looks to be accessible, inclusive, and humble (Be Human). You are conscious of the world we live in, caring for those around us and are proactive to create positive change (Give a Shit). You are honest, trustworthy, and genuine (Do the Right Thing). You are ambitious, agile and have a disruptive approach (Find the Gymshark Way). You understand that to go further, we go together (Put Family First). 
THE PERKS.
At Gymshark we believe in the importance of investing in our employees through their physical, mental, and financial health along with being able to provide some fun and inclusive perks along the way.
 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want.
 Employer pension contributions up to 7
 50 Gymshark Discount
 Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support
 Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell
 Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family
 Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service
 Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us!
 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary
 Bonus potential 
 Refuel - Healthy fresh food at GSHQ
 Lifting Club (LC) Gym Membership
 Free monthly massages
 Beauty and Barber facilities
 Free on-site parking
 