OVERVIEW:
The Visual Coordinator will partner and support the Visual Manager with store and wholesale key functions including prop inventory, budgeting, store openings, and special events. This is a multi-functional position which requires a highly flexible, energetic and organised candidate. 
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Admin support Visual Manager with all channels of business - including visual merchandising Guidelines, in-store visual training, store openings, events, etc. 
Collaborate with Visual Manager on sourcing seasonal in-store props and materials. 
Responsible for ordering, tracking and coordinating deliveries for successful execution in storesevents. 
Maintain and oversee the visual purchase order process.  
Support the creation of New Product launch guidelines.  
Coordinate seasonal visual prop kit inventory. Partnering with instore GTM team.  
Distribute and maintain all HQ visual collateral.  
Support the Visual Team with store opening activities  design, production, installation, sourcing materials, imagery selection, operations and logistics. 
Partner with the Visual manager to provide regular updated and communication to ensure all projects and timelines are on track. 
Oversee sourcing props, installations, vendor relationships, scheduling, product placement, etc. 
Assist with all visual operations as needed.  
Strong market awareness, from competitor activity to savvy commercial campaigns. 
Support commercial calendar, working with VM manager and Content lead to ensure all commercial considerations are captured, cultural, local and global activity and potential impacts and opportunities are planned out and optimised through POS where appropriate for the brand. 

WHAT YOULL NEED:

Experience in retail-visual coordination.
Proficient in Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign.  
Proficient in Microsoft World, PowerPoint, and Excel.  
MAC experience required.  
Highly effective communicator, written and verbal. Meticulous eye for detail, and exceptionally high presentation standards.  
Must be organised and detail oriented with strong follow up skills. 
Able to travel as needed.  
Experienced in an agile, changing environment.  
Community building in a new market.  
Project management and coordination skills  
Informed of the latest trends and new concepts in fitness apparel 
You are comfortable shifting gears and spinning multiple plate- ability to multi task.  

This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend 5 days a week in our LDN office.
Closing Date: 27th November, 2023
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
In order to comply with PCI-DSS standards (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) which governs how we handle, store and access payment data, this position is subject to satisfactory results from necessary pre-employment checks, including a basic DBS check.
THE PERKS.
At Gymshark we believe in the importance of investing in our employees through their physical, mental, and financial health along with being able to provide some fun and inclusive perks along the way.
 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want.
 Employer pension contributions up to 7
 Contribution to a gym membership 
 50 Gymshark Discount
 Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support
 Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell
 Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family
 Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service
 Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us!
 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary
 Bonus potential 