OVERVIEW:
At Gymshark, our mission is to Unite the Conditioning Community. We do this by bringing together the Gymshark family  whether it be through a love of conditioning, wearing our product, following our Athletes or viewing content across our various social platforms. 
In October 2022, the 10th year of our existence, we opened our very first Retail Store - a Flagship on Londons prestigious Regent St.  A permanent space in which our community can meet, shop, and work out.  Our store is an experience totally unique to Gymshark, and not your typical retail environment. Its all about experience first, and retail second.  A creative and flexible space, where everyone can feel at home, meet friends, make new ones, or just hang out.  A place where URL meets IRL. 
The Senior Retail Training Manager exists to lead IRL training; ensuring we show up consistently in our teams  community experience across the globe  to be our cultural north star.They are responsible for creating the training programme from onboarding through to development with end-to-end accountability for the delivery and subsequent updates  refreshes in line with our culture  values. Theyre also responsible for being a retail consultant to the business and supporting Gymshark to deliver the highest value for every initiative to support our global roll out of retail stores. 
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Designing, creating, delivering  evaluating the success of Gymsharks IRL training  career development programme  supporting materials for our IRL team
The overall integrity  stability of the IRL training  career development programme
The IRL training  career development platform and associated system or technology requirements
Championing DEI and ensuring content is accessible  appropriate for all
Leading a training team and training leads in stores across varied territories
Seeking  utilising data  feedback to monitor effectiveness  measures outcomes [impact, ROI] of our training  career development programmes  workshops to continuously improve and ensure the needs to our teams and business are met
Managing the IRL training budget
Facilitating engaging, inspiring  fun workshops both IRL  online
Supporting  delivering on the ground training for our new store openings
Being a coach and mentor to the IRL team
Playing an active role in consulting around IRL programmes and workstreams; sharing knowledge  best practise to reduce inefficiency,  eliminating points of frustration
Proactively network outside gymshark  continually scan the landscape for best practises  innovation
Keeping self  the IRL team up to date on new legislation  new ways of working
Encouraging a culture of belonging that everyone wants to be part of

WHAT YOULL NEED:

Experience as a retail trainer within a fast paced, high volume  agile environment
Experience with new store openings across multiple territories
Experience in high culture environments
People first mindset
Experience in building retail training  career development programmes
Understanding of a variety of learning techniques
Experienced Coach  Mentor
Effective facilitator, storyteller and highly effective communicator both in writing  speech
Experience with LMS and building online resource portals
Interacting  influencing on multiple levels
Comfortable with giving and receiving constructive feedback  willing to challenge and be challenged
Ability to travel  work across timezones where required

WHO YOU ARE:

You Lead by example with a diverse, accessible and inclusive approach
You adjust your approach to assist and elevate others
You inspire trust, and trust those around you
Always questioning the norm, strive for innovation, originality, and improvement
Win and lose together mentality 

This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3 days a week in our LDN office.
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email retailtalentgymshark.com. 
OUR VALUES ARE INVALUABLE
Sharing the same values makes us who we are  visionaries. You will be the type of person that always looks to be accessible, inclusive, and humble (Be Human). You are conscious of the world we live in, caring for those around us and are proactive to create positive change (Give a Shit). You are honest, trustworthy, and genuine (Do the Right Thing). You are ambitious, agile and have a disruptive approach (Find the Gymshark Way). You understand that to go further, we go together (Put Family First). 
THE PERKS.
At Gymshark we believe in the importance of investing in our employees through their physical, mental, and financial health along with being able to provide some fun and inclusive perks along the way.
 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want.
 Employer pension contributions up to 7
 Contribution to a gym membership 
 50 Gymshark Discount
 Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support
 Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell
 Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family
 Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service
 Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us!
 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary
 Bonus potential 
 