OVERVIEW:Are you a Trims Developer with a passion for precision and a knack for problem-solving? We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced individual to join our dynamic team. As a Trims Developer, you will play a pivotal role in crafting exceptional products by leveraging your extensive knowledge of trim development. Your ability to foresee potential issues, offer innovative solutions, and ensure the quality of materials is crucial in maintaining our commitment to excellence. You will work closely with the Design, Buying, Sourcing and Product Development teams ensuring the aesthetic, functional and commercial needs of materials are met, in order to deliver world class products to the Lifting Community.
If you possess outstanding attention to detail, superb organisational skills, and the ability to communicate effectively, we invite you to be a part of our forward-thinking team. If youre ready to take your career in trims development to the next level, we encourage you to explore this exciting opportunity with us.
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Commercialising new material developments in line with critical path timelines, creative direction, sourcing and product strategy.
Ensuring trims are developed to the highest quality, delivered on time to meet manufacturing dates whilst adhering to the Gymshark policies and commitments.
Building and maintaining close relationships with teams such as Design, Buying and Product Development.
Ensuring material toolbox is set up to succeed to enable accurate planning and negotiations.
Ensuring GBB principles are followed driving excellence and savings.
Executing material consolidation in accordance with business strategy in order to continuously improve material efficiency.
Partnering with T1T2 suppliers to source and develop materials from inception to production where required.
Executing initiatives to drive margin excellence and savings across the material toolbox creating regional clusters for all markets.
Working closely with sourcing team to ensure dual lines are sourced and developed within the regional cluster network.
Supporting the Trims Manager with negotiations and forecasting as required.
Delivering newness and innovation with the ability to patent where possible. Delivering new to market ideas or sustainability.
Interpreting and using data in various settings including quality and performance measurement, presentations, commercial based decisions and KPI measuring.
Researching and presenting information on material trends and innovations gathered from supplier meetings, industry and material fairs at the start of each season.
Be the key trim contact to the wider team for trim related questions.

WHAT YOULL NEED:Essential Skills:

Extensive experience of trim development.
Ability to anticipate problems, offer solutions, and address issues with materials.
Excellent attention to detail and organisational skills.
Strong written and verbal communication skills including the ability to deliver presentations.
Proficient with Microsoft Office suite and data management systems such as PLM.
Collaborative and team orientated.
Ability to build and maintain relationships and communicate effectively to get the most out of stakeholders
Ability to cope with change in a fast-moving energetic environment.
Ability to travel 10-15 of the time.

Preferred Skills:

Experience working at a global trim supplier or brand is highly desired.
Experience working within the US sportswear market.
Experience working with performance trims.
Understanding of the apparel design and development lifecycle.
Strong know-how of trim application to support the aesthetic, functional, technical and commercial needs of the product.
Good knowledge of textile trims and hard trims as well as trim physical properties and performance testing.
Excellent technical knowledge of zip componentry.
Negotiation skills.

This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3-4 days a week in GSHQ, Solihull, UK.
CLOSING DATE: 8th November, 2023
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
THE PERKS.
 Competitive Win Together, Lose Together Bonus Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us! 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want. A truly Flexible Working Culture A collaborative, creative and inspiring working environment Employer pension contributions up to 7 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary 50 Gymshark Discount Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Great Training and Learning Resources Choice of hardware and access to the best software Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family Refuel - Healthy fresh food at GSHQ Lifting Club (LC) Gym Membership Free monthly massages Beauty and Barber facilities Free on-site parking