RETAIL RECRUITER - 12 MONTH FIXED TERM CONTRACT
OVERVIEW:
At Gymshark, our mission is to Unite the Conditioning Community. We do this by bringing together the Gymshark family  whether it be through a love of conditioning, wearing our product, following our Athletes or viewing content across our various social platforms. 
In October 2022, the 10th year of our existence, we opened our very first Retail Store - a Flagship on Londons prestigious Regent St.  A permanent space in which our community can meet, shop, and work out.  Our store is an experience totally unique to Gymshark, and not your typical retail environment. Its all about experience first, and retail second.  A creative and flexible space, where everyone can feel at home, meet friends, make new ones, or just hang out.  A place where URL meets IRL. 
Were looking for an experienced Retail Recruiter (internally we call this role Retail Talent Acquisition) on a 12 month fixed term basis to coordinate the end-to-end recruitment process for our Retail population. Working closely with hiring managers, the wider people team and external partners to identify, attract, and onboard top talent to support the growth of our retail business.
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Working with the People Manager to execute the Talent strategy for Retail, providing coordination support for both entry-level and leadership positions.
Liaising with hiring managers to understand their recruitment needs and develop engaging job adverts.
Coordinating the advertising of roles internallyexternally and working with Hiring Managers to target the most effective job boards.
Sourcing and screening candidates through various channels including job boards, LinkedIn searches and agency partnerships.
Building talent pipelines for key leadership roles.
Conducting initial phone interviews to assess candidate fit and provide recommendations to hiring managers.
Educating and guiding managers through our recruitment process and ATS system, ensuring compliance and providing ad hoc training where needed.
Supporting hiring managers to design the interview structure and interview questions that align to the hiring criteria.
Ensuring we create a diverse and inclusive workplace through promoting fair, legal and ethical recruitment practices, challenging and spotting opportunities to level up.
Coordinating and scheduling interviews with candidates and hiring managers in line with agreed timeframes, and managing the communication with candidates throughout the process, providing updates in a timely manner.
Managing the offer and rejection process, ensuring a great candidate experience regardless of outcome.
Ensuring a smooth transition from offer stage to preboarding, keeping candidates warm and excited to join.
Collaborating and working closely with the wider HQ talent team to align on overall talent strategy, employer brand initiatives and tailor to retail needs.
Identifying partnering opportunities and coordinating attendance to job fairs and recruitment events.
Maintaining accurate and up-to-date recruitment data and metrics to provide to the Senior Leadership team.
Providing the retail people team with insightsmetrics to support with workforce planning activities.
Keeping abreast of market insights and trends within the Retail industry.

WHAT YOULL NEED:

Demonstrated experience in a TalentRecruitment role or equivalent
Experience recruiting in a retail environment
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Ability to build and maintain strong relationships
Strong organisation and prioritisation skills

Itd be great if you also have...

Experience using Greenhouse ATS system
Understanding of employer branding strategies

WHO YOU ARE:

Aligned to our values
Accessible, inclusive  humble
Agile and able to deal with shifting priorities whilst working at pace
Solutions focused and comfortable using own initiative
Always questioning the norm, comfortable to challenge and strive for improvement

This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3 days a week in our Soho London office.
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
OUR VALUES ARE INVALUABLE
Sharing the same values makes us who we are  visionaries. You will be the type of person that always looks to be accessible, inclusive, and humble (Be Human). You are conscious of the world we live in, caring for those around us and are proactive to create positive change (Give a Shit). You are honest, trustworthy, and genuine (Do the Right Thing). You are ambitious, agile and have a disruptive approach (Find the Gymshark Way). You understand that to go further, we go together (Put Family First). 
THE PERKS.
At Gymshark we believe in the importance of investing in our employees through their physical, mental, and financial health along with being able to provide some fun and inclusive perks along the way.
 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want.
 Employer pension contributions up to 7
 Contribution to a gym membership 
 50 Gymshark Discount
 Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support
 Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell
 Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family
 Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service
 Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us!
 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary
 