OVERVIEW:Are you our next CRO Product Manager? As the CRO Product Manager at Gymshark, you will play a pivotal role in optimising our e-commerce platforms performance and enhancing the overall user experience. You will leverage your expertise in the e-commerce industry to drive conversion rate optimisation (CRO) initiatives, ensuring that our customers have a seamless and engaging journey throughout our digital products.
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Conversion Rate Optimisation: Lead the ideation, planning, and execution of CRO strategies aimed at increasing the conversion rates across our website and apps.
Utilise data-driven insights to identify bottlenecks and opportunities in the customer journey.
Conduct a variety of AB user research, and data analysis to inform decision-making. Drive the implementation of multivariate testing to refine page elements based on performance metrics.
Collaborate with UXUI designers to improve the overall usability, navigation, and aesthetics of our website and apps, ensuring a user-centric and mobile first approach.
Work closely with the Engineering, Design, Marketing, and Analytics teams to align on priorities, implement changes, and track the impact of CRO initiatives.
Explore industry best practices and emerging trends in e-commerce and CRO, applying relevant insights to Gymsharks strategies.
Regularly report on CRO progress, test outcomes, and conversion metrics to stakeholders and leadership.

WHAT YOULL NEED:Essential Criteria:

Previously worked as a Product OwnerProduct Manager with a proven track record of influencing cross-functional product teams.
4 Years as a Product Manager or Experience working in CRO
Experience working for a Ecommerce business
Utilised platforms such as with Atlassian - Jira products.
Worked as part of Agile and SCRUM frameworks.
Experience working with engineering teams.
Have managed product backlogs and using prioritisation frameworks.
Collaborative working within a multi-disciplinary product team.
Have led and facilitated meetings with business and technical teams.
Execution of sprint processes and release planning.
Experience writing epics, user stories and acceptance criteria.
Managed multiple projects to achieve business and product objectives.
Great communication skills  written and verbal.

WHAT YOU COULD ALSO HAVE:

The ability to work across multiple projects that align to product goals and deliverables.
Excellent time management skills.
Performance focused.
Great leadership skills.

This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3 days a week in GSHQ, Solihull, UK.
CLOSING DATE: 14th November, 2023
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
THE PERKS.
 Competitive Win Together, Lose Together Bonus Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us! 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want. A truly Flexible Working Culture A collaborative, creative and inspiring working environment Employer pension contributions up to 7 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary 50 Gymshark Discount Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Great Training and Learning Resources Choice of hardware and access to the best software Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family Refuel - Healthy fresh food at GSHQ Lifting Club (LC) Gym Membership Free monthly massages Beauty and Barber facilities Free on-site parking