OVERVIEW:Are you our next Strategic Delivery Executive? This role is to ensure that the Head of Strategic Delivery has enough bandwidth to enable the Difference Delivery team to support Gymshark with an increased speed, urgency and commerciality in the operating model, balancing customer-centric mindset with commercial hunger.
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:
Responsible for:

Business plan:

Supporting the Head of Strategic Delivery, and leading research and strategic thought within areas, with the preparation of the business plan
Supporting senior management with collating information for the business plan


Difference delivery:

Programme management of the business plan delivery
Keeping all trackers up to date and making sure all areas of the Difference Delivery Team are aligned
Development of strategy decks and research for each workstream
Holding junior workstream owners to account
Tracking progress of how each initiative is performing and holding people to account


Other:

Responsible for encouraging a culture of belonging that everyone wants to be part of



Accountable for:

The Difference Delivery Team trackers, reports are up to date
Timely delivery of Strategy research deliverables
Tracking progress of the business plan

WHAT YOULL NEED:Essential Criteria:

Strategy consultancy experience is required
Strong analytical and quantitative skills
Have an attention to detail
Proven interpersonal skills to be able to liaise with different people both internally and externally
Proven problem solving skills
Experience with financial modelling and report writing
Proven presentation skills
Must have a thirst for knowledge and want to widen their own experience
Experience and ability in coaching
People first mindset
Experience in people management
An ability to challenge and also to be challenged
Be able to manage their own time and allocate available time efficiently
Willingness to give and receive effective feedback

WHAT YOU COULD ALSO HAVE:

Storytelling and the ability to convey financial information to non-financial people
Leading change
Embracing disruption, being open minded and flexible
Being an independent thinker

This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3 days a week in GSHQ, Solihull, UK.
CLOSING DATE: 7th November 2023
This position is subject to satisfactory results from necessary pre-employment checks, including a basic DBS check. This will be conducted at offer stage and covers unspent convictions only. In all cases well always speak to you first and no offers will be automatically withdrawn
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
THE PERKS.
 Competitive Win Together, Lose Together Bonus Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us! 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want. A truly Flexible Working Culture A collaborative, creative and inspiring working environment Employer pension contributions up to 7 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary 50 Gymshark Discount Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Great Training and Learning Resources Choice of hardware and access to the best software Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family Refuel - Healthy fresh food at GSHQ Lifting Club (LC) Gym Membership Free monthly massages Beauty and Barber facilities Free on-site parking