OVERVIEW:Are you our next Senior Digital Content Executive? The Senior Digital Content Executive will lead the execution of our Digital Content Strategy to ensure we are continuously improving site experience, user journeys and marketing content execution. They will work to improve customer engagement metrics on site through analysis and understanding of how the customer consumes content, create onsite content to support marketing initiatives and collaborate with Digital Product to innovate content capabilities on our stores.  The Senior Digital Content Executive will manage the Digital Content team, providing regular feedback, guidance with task management and prioritisation, and professional and personal development.  
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Leading the overarching Digital Content strategy, including the execution of marketing onsite content for new product launches, campaigns, and brand moments. Ensuring regional strategies are developed to support growth globally.
Managing Digital Content team with task management and personal and professional development.
Leading the relationship with our the Digital product teams, ensuring the Digital Content team are aware of new site features and are driving improved module requirements for onsite content.
Overseeing the creation of campaign onsite journeys, working with key stakeholders to define requirements, measurement, and reporting.
Completing frequent analysis of data and site performance to inform ongoing site optimizations, drive decisions and optimize future activity. Ensuring the senior team are informed on how the digital content strategy is contributing to the overall business growth through regular reporting.
Ensuring site features to support marketing objectives, drive traffic and grow conversions are being utilized effectively across stores. Providing continuous feedback to tech and digital product teams to identify gaps and provide requirements for new capabilities.
Overseeing homepage and navigation optimisation to align to business objectives.
Contributing to the test and learn roadmap to maximise the effectiveness of digital content.
Forecasting potential outturn from activity by conducting thorough and consistent analysis of performance and results.

WHAT YOULL NEED:Essential Criteria:

Experience working in a marketing  content onsite role.
Experience executing digital content strategies with a focus on hitting KPIs and meeting objectives.
Experience creating landing pages and working withing CMS systems.
Experience analysing trading performance.
Experience of using Google Analytics
Confident in presenting findings to the team  
Confident in querying data and problem solving.  
Ability to analyse data and report on findings.  
Competent with Excel  
A passion for all things digital and a desire to test new tactics and keep up to date with industry changes.  

WHAT YOU COULD ALSO HAVE:

Experience managing  leading a team.
An understanding of the content requirements across the digital spectrum.
An understanding and appreciation for the wider marketing funnel and how channels work together for success.
Willing to challenge and be challenged.
Willingness to give and receive effective feedback.

This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3 days a week in GSHQ, Solihull, UK.
CLOSING DATE: 13th November, 2023
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
THE PERKS.
 Competitive Win Together, Lose Together Bonus Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us! 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want. A truly Flexible Working Culture A collaborative, creative and inspiring working environment Employer pension contributions up to 7 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary 50 Gymshark Discount Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Great Training and Learning Resources Choice of hardware and access to the best software Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family Refuel - Healthy fresh food at GSHQ Lifting Club (LC) Gym Membership Free monthly massages Beauty and Barber facilities Free on-site parking