ABOUT US.
Conditioning Your Career Path: Gymshark Early Careers
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
Graduate Programmes
Our two year graduate programmes are designed to nurture future talent and help individuals become the best version of themselves. But we are not talking about the gym here! If youve got a great vision for yourself, attitude, ambition, and drive to work hard, Gymshark could be the place for you!
We give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster and be the best version of themselves. We work hard, sure, but we have fun while we do it. A placement with us will give you a hands-on experience of what its like to work for a company that is growing at an exponential rate!
Youll get to work on real life projects and enjoy amazing development and networking opportunities. Youll also be guaranteed a healthy work-play balance!
What do we look for?
Were not about box-ticking, a placement year is about developing you. To be successful for a placement at Gymshark, you will: 

Be passionate about learning and developing your skills
Be an effective communicator
Work successfully within a team environment and independently
Have good relationship building skills
Be able to manage and prioritise your time effectively
Thrive in a fast-paced environment

TO BE ELIGIBLE, YOU MUST: Be a recent or soon to be graduate or postgraduate, having graduated within the last 2 years  Be happy to work from our HQ campus in Solihull, West Midlands Be ready to start from September 2024 for two years
THE PERKS. 
We offer a diverse and inclusive culture, a supportive and sociable work environment, plus ample opportunities for professional growth, development, and networking.
Plus, just to mention some of our perks
 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you wantA tailored and individualised placement approach A truly Flexible Working Culture A collaborative, creative and inspiring working environment 50 Gymshark Discount Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Great Training and Learning Resources Choice of hardware and access to the best software Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Refuel - Healthy fresh food at GSHQ Lifting Club (LC) Gym Membership Free monthly massages