OVERVIEW:Are you our next Videographer? Were looking for someone to join our Video and Edit team, to help create video content that attracts and inspires audience in the millions. Youre at your happiest when working both individually and with others to develop and execute video concepts that have genuine impact, at a world class level. 
all executions on the pl with members of the Brand and Marketing department to strategise and re-invent the platform to see succWHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Producing world-class video content for Gymshark, 
Working closely with Creatives, Producers, Designers, etc to deliver top quality video content for campaigns that achieved key objectives and KPIs.
Working as the video expert on numerous projects, taking responsibility for all aspects of videography the overall Gymshark image.
Bringing expert knowledge and innovative ideas in all things video to various content.
You will be responsible for all video execution elements of your projects, working with the wider team and specialists to achieve the shot as required.
Understanding and operating various video production equipment from cinema cameras to various types of lighting and sound recording equipment.
Youll work on large projects which aim to achieve several wider stakeholder KPIs such as revenue, traffic, and sales targets.
Working with junior team members to mentor and develop their skills and abilities, collaborating to create world-class video content as necessary.
Owning occasional BAU video projects from conception to completion, working closely with brief owners to understand key requirements and KPIs.
Constantly pushing yourself to learn new skills and develop as a filmmaker and creative.
Working closely with members of the video team to push your capabilities as a videographer and progress your ways of working both behind the camera and throughout project development.
Constantly pushing the wider video team to think differently by challenging ideas and bringing new ways of thinking to the team.

WHAT YOULL NEED:Essential Criteria:

Experience in video production across a range of levels, with a great understanding of best practices in executing various levels of production; from single shooter to full production crews.
Great understanding of in operating high-end video production equipment, including cinema cameras, sound recording equipment, lighting. (From small bodies such as Sony A7Sii  upto cinema cameras such as Sony FS7 or Red DSMC2 and beyond)
Ability to develop unique, world-class concepts and ideas that will push the limits of Gymshark video content and challenge the norm.
A strong passion for collaborating with like-minded creatives, designers, producers, etc to create game-changing video content.
Ability to adapt and make quick decisions in a fast-paced professional environment.
Experience in video editing with a social mediamobile first focus, sourcing music, colour grading, etc. within the Adobe Creative Cloud suite.
A great understanding of sound recording in various methods, with experience in recording sound yourself with various professional audio equipment 
Strong communication skills: verbal, written, interpersonal and inter-departmental.

WHAT YOU COULD ALSO HAVE:

Happiest when working both individually and with others to develop and execute video concepts that have a genuine impact.
Have a sound understanding of how to drive success on the platform through both organic and paid content. From that initial concept stage, through to large scale production shoots, you offer expert knowledge that will drive the success of content.
You understand how important our community is to us and would relish in translating our brands strategy and values through game-changing video content.
Youre a natural doer and team player, with a strong ability to articulate yourself clearly to multiple stakeholders and team members.

This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3 days a week in GSHQ, Solihull, UK.
CLOSING DATE: 9th November 2023
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
THE PERKS.
 Competitive Win Together, Lose Together Bonus Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us! 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want. A truly Flexible Working Culture A collaborative, creative and inspiring working environment Employer pension contributions up to 7 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary 50 Gymshark Discount Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Great Training and Learning Resources Choice of hardware and access to the best software Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family Refuel - Healthy fresh food at GSHQ Lifting Club (LC) Gym Membership Free monthly massages Beauty and Barber facilities Free on-site parking