OVERVIEW:
As our Visual Merchandiser youll determine the best way to present our product in-store; whether that be on mannequins, in destinations or digitally displayed. You will organise the operations to update the store for campaigns, events, and planned refreshes. Youll think like a customer to understand how both new and returning customers like to shop, ensuring that product is presented in the best way for our tribes, not only visually appealing but, accessible, and inclusive. Youll have an eye for aesthetics, blended with commercial acumen; and love creating stories whilst delivering operational excellence will be key to success in this role.
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Create window and creative installations from brand or product direction within the store  events
Develop a modern-day customer retail experience throughout the store.
Responsible for planning and execution of visual merchandising updates within the store around campaigns, new product launches and adhoc events.
React to global, local, and hyper-local events and ensure these show up in-store.
Build, develop and manage a visual merchandising team within the store.
Knowledge share across entire store team and deploy best practice.
Work closely with the Training Manager to create and deliver visual merchandising training and product knowledge to the store team.
Work closely with Merchandising to ensure right product mix and inventory levels.
Work closely with Events to support with requirements of in-store events.
Work closely with Retail Ops to define store standards.
Responsible for content management of all digital displays and touchpoints. Ensure assets featured are relevant and considered, whilst technologies are functional.
Responsible for all props, mannequins, and physical displays. Ensure these are dressed appropriately and showcased in a clean, accessible manner for customers.
Maintain and account for all visual merchandising equipment and signage.
Support management in achieving store KPIs by maximising footfall and revenue.
Support with team presentation guidelines and ensure everyone is representing Gymshark in the appropriate way.
Host floor walks with senior management and store team.
Support initiatives outside of the store including events and pop-ups, if required.
Operate with Inclusivity at the core of all decisions.

WHAT YOULL NEED:

Experience in a similar role, with focus towards visual merchandising
Knowledge of London and International markets
Technical knowledge in visual merchandising and store planning, showcasing analytical approach
Fitness, fashion and styling background is preferential
Outstanding communication skills and team player
Forward planning and time management
Analytical and commercially proficient
Up to date on latest trends
Eye for detail

This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3 days a week in our LDN office.
Closing Date: 10th November
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
In order to comply with PCI-DSS standards (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) which governs how we handle, store and access payment data, this position is subject to satisfactory results from necessary pre-employment checks, including a basic DBS check.
THE PERKS.
At Gymshark we believe in the importance of investing in our employees through their physical, mental, and financial health along with being able to provide some fun and inclusive perks along the way.
 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want.
 Employer pension contributions up to 7
 Contribution to a gym membership 
 50 Gymshark Discount
 Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support
 Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell
 Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family
 Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service
 Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us!
 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary
 Bonus potential 