OVERVIEW:  
At Gymshark, our mission is to Unite the Conditioning Community. We do this by bringing together the Gymshark family  whether it be through a love of conditioning, wearing our product, following our Athletes or viewing content across our various social platforms.  
In October 2022, the 10th year of our existence, we opened our very first Retail Store - a Flagship on Londons prestigious Regent St.  A permanent space in which our community can meet, shop, and work out.  Our store is an experience totally unique to Gymshark, and not your typical retail environment. Its all about experience first, and retail second.  A creative and flexible space, where everyone can feel at home, meet friends, make new ones, or just hang out.  A place where URL meets IRL.  
The Senior Team Lead Role is vital in helping to maintain the vibe that our family feel online, In Real Life (IRL). As a crucial role in the leadership team of our retail space, youll be key in supporting the whole team to help bring Gymshark to life, in real life. Youll build and connect a hyper-localised and fully engaged community in your market, treating them like family. We dont care if they buy, browse, or just hang out. What matters is providing a safe space where everyone belongs and feels welcome. 
To thrive in this role, you must be passionate about the brand and our mission.  You must inspire, guide and encourage the team to create a great experience for all who visit. 
WHAT YOULL BE DOING: 
There are 4 key pillars of responsibility across our Senior Team Lead roles: Customer, Brand, Operations and People.  
The Customer pillar includes: 

Lead and protect an exceptional customer experience, ensuring every member of our community is welcomed warmly, and greeted by an excited and inspiring brand ambassador. 
Expert on all elements of the customer journey, to educate, inform and share. 
Provide all customers and visitors with 360-degree knowledge of Gymshark and our local community. 
Drive exceptional NPS results, protect customer retention, and never miss an opportunity to share app features for all customers to benefit from. 
Build relationships with customers and support the wider team to get to know individual community members, frequent visitors, and long-standing supporters. 

Core Senior Team Lead responsibilities: 

Responsible for supporting the overall day-to-day running and strategic execution of the store, while thinking about the what next and being present to the now. 
Identify and share opportunities both within your pillar and for the wider Gymshark business. 
Delivering feedback and working alongside your co-collaborators and key stakeholders in GSHQ. 
Support with the hiring, developing, and leading of a diverse and world class team that is as excited about Gymshark as we are. 
Support the management of your team, delivering training, conducting monthly 121s, creating learning opportunities and supporting everyone to be their best. 
Manage and support conduct and performance conversations with team members, supported by the People Team 
Strive to achieve KPIs for your pillar, as demonstrated by the business, by motivating your team through passionate leadership and coaching. 
Be a role model for brand, customer experience, product knowledge and operational best practice and be able to train the wider team. 
Support Gymsharks most important assets: our people, customers, and community. Ensure they and their environment are safe and sound at all times. Also have responsibility for physical assets such as building, stock and tech and ensure any losses are minimised and everything is running as it should. 
Support the store management with the execution of store driven projects as and when needed. 
Support the delivery and completion all compliance and mandatory training  
Review commercial performance, using company reporting tools in order to assess and feedback on commercial performance. Speak to trade performance in weekly meetings and contribute to retail trade reports.  
Provide feedback and liaise with merchandising teams on product performance and requests 
Support, oversee and keep informed about in store events in collaboration with brand teams 
Review team member schedules, ensuring shifts and people are planned, to support the best customer experience and store activities  
Work closely with the instore visual merchandising team, always staying informed about floor updates, new product and commercial opportunities  
Contribute towards promotional and peak planning  
Work collaboratively with our Customer Support team, identifying opportunities to support the best customer experience regardless of point of interaction 
Deliver daily trade recaps, using reporting tools and team feedback to analyse and communicate performance to the wider retail team 
Manage all opening and closing duties, including key management and cashing duties 
Drive communication and key focuses in daily team huddles, ensuring everyone starts their shift well informed  

WHAT YOULL NEED: 

Experience in a Customer facing Management role  
Strong commercial awareness and experience in reporting 
Experience of working in a fast-paced, high volume, agile environment  
Experience managing and developing effective teams  
Passion for development  personal and of a team, with proven experience 
Community building in a new market   
Comfortable working in a digital environment 
Highly effective communicator, written and verbal  
You are comfortable shifting gears and spinning multiple plates  
Must be able to take and give constructive feedback  

WHO YOU ARE: 

Aligned to and inspired by our brand values  
A shared passion for our team, customer  community experiences and brand  product education 
You do everything to ensure community and customer satisfaction  
Your energy is infectious, you inspire those around you  
Future focused visionary with integrity 
A natural networker and connector  
You do all of this whilst having fun, and ensuring others around you are too   
You can commit to working where and when the retail teams need you. This could be in-store, on weekends, overnight or bank holidays.  

In order to comply with PCI-DSS standards (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) which governs how we handle, store and access payment data, this position is subject to satisfactory results from necessary pre-employment checks, including a basic DBS check. This will be conducted at offer stage and covers unspent convictions only. In all cases well always speak to you first and no offers will be automatically withdrawn. 
THE PERKS. 
At Gymshark we believe in the importance of investing in our employees through their physical, mental, and financial health along with being able to provide some fun and inclusive perks along the way. 
 33 days holidays (including Bank Holidays)  your birthday   Employer pension contributions up to 7  Contribution to a gym membership   50 Gymshark Discount  Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support  Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell  Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family  Bonus potential 
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK. Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
OUR VALUES ARE INVALUABLE Sharing the same values and beliefs make us who we are  visionaries. You will be the type of person that always looks to be accessible, inclusive, and humble (Be Human). You are conscious of the world we live in, caring for those around us and are proactive to create positive change (Give a Shit). You are honest, trustworthy, and genuine (Do the Right Thing). You are ambitious, agile and have a disruptive approach (Find the Gymshark Way).  You understand that to go further, we go together (Put Family First) 