OVERVIEW:As a brand, we shout about our mission to unite the conditioning community. To you and I, this is simply bringing together the Gymshark family  those that wear our products, support the brand, follow our Athletes or give us a like on socials  basically all the people that have made us the success we are today.We are super excited, because for the first time in Gymshark history, well be taking our purpose offline and setting up shop with a permanent retail space in central London. Our store will behave in a way thats totally unique to Gymshark. Thats why this wont be your typical retail role  if you think experience first, retail second, then you wont be far wrong.
The Team Leads at this store will be vital in helping to maintain the vibe that our family feel online, IRL. As a crucial role in the leadership team of our retail space, youll be key in supporting the whole team to help bring Gymshark to life, in real life. Youll build and connect a hyper-localised and fully engaged community in your market, treating them like family. We dont care if they buy, browse, or just hang out. What matters is providing a safe space where everyone belongs and feels welcome.To be successful in this role, youll need to have the above mindset, and be an inspirational role model to your team. In your role, youll also be responsible for supporting our Go To MarketVisual Merchandising Pillar. 
We are located in Regent Street, Central London with global presence from the Gymshark Community, if youre bimultilingual wed love to hear from you (but its not a prerequisite).
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

A champion for all things Go to Market. Anything customer facing needs to have your seal of approval to ensure its the slickest offering around. 
Leading visual team who inspires both customers and internal team with vision and trend setting. Pushing boundaries with styling and product displays.
Coaching and mentoring the wider team to upskill Visual, always on the lookout for the next VM specialist.
As the ultimate brand  product experience gatekeeper, you set the standard for Gymshark IRL, elevating the brand and product experience for our community to interact with. You are a future focused and visionary. 
Reinvent, inspire, and test the visual experience of merchandising, through flexible retail, digital content, and creative merchandising. Testing and recognising the impact of the movement.
Responsible for strategic visual merchandising execution of the store, while thinking about the whats next and being present to the now. 
Collaborating with GSHQ partners to ensure the Product Life Story is brought to life, IRL. Understanding both the Art and the Science. 
Providing the best sensory experience for those who enter the store. Visually compelling displays and innovative commercial layouts each time a New Product Drops. 

WHAT YOULL NEED:

Community building in a new market.
Some digital experience.
Experience in a similar role.  
Experience of working in a fast-paced, high volume, agile environment.
Experience managing teams and are passionate about development. 
Highly effective communicator, written and verbal. 
You are comfortable shifting gears and spinning multiple plates.
Must be able to take and give constructive feedback.

WHO YOU ARE

Aligned to and inspired by our brand values 
A shared passion for our team, customer  community experiences and brand  product education
You do everything to ensure community and customer satisfaction 
You are passionate about development and have a strong belief in individuals potential 
Your energy is infectious, you inspire those around you 
You have integrity 
Future focused visionary  
A natural networker and connector 
You do all of this whilst having fun, and ensuring others around you are too  
You can commit to working where and when the retail teams need you. This could be in-store, on weekends or bank holidays

COMPETENCIES: 

Priority Setting  Spends time and the time of others on whats important; quickly zeros in on the critical few and puts the trivial many aside; can quickly sense what will help or hinder accomplishing a goal; eliminates roadblocks; creates focus.
Informing  Provides information people need to know to do their best work and feel good about being a member of the team; provides individuals information so that they can make accurate decisions: Is timely with Information.
Time Management  Uses time effectively and efficiently; concentrate hisher efforts on the more important priorities; gets more done in less time than others; can attend to a broader range of activities.
Customer Focused  Is dedicated to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers; gets first-hand customer information and uses it for improvements; acts with customers in mind.
Vision and Purpose  Communicates a compelling and inspired vision of sense of core purpose; Talks beyond today; Is optimistic; Creates mileposts and symbols to rally support behind the vision; can inspire and motivate an entire team.
Decision Quality  Makes good decisions based upon a mixture of analysis, wisdom, experience, and judgment; Most of hisher solutions and suggestions turn out to be correct and accurate when judged over time; Sought out by others for advice and solutions.

In order to comply with PCI-DSS standards (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) which governs how we handle, store and access payment data, this position is subject to satisfactory results from necessary pre-employment checks, including a basic DBS check. This will be conducted at offer stage and covers unspent convictions only. In all cases well always speak to you first and no offers will be automatically withdrawn.
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email retailtalentgymshark.com
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
THE PERKS.
At Gymshark we believe in the importance of investing in our employees through their physical, mental, and financial health along with being able to provide some fun and inclusive perks along the way.
 33 days holidays (including Bank Holidays) Employer pension contributions up to 7 Contribution to a gym membership  50 Gymshark Discount Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family