OVERVIEW:Are you our next Accounts Receivable Executive? The Accounts Receivable Executive will be responsible for the management of all invoicing, reconciliation and debt collection for company wholesale arrangements. 
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Process invoices for all wholesale customers, ensuring compliance with accounting and tax requirements globally.
Support with the reconciliation of invoices generated against both sales orders and packing lists, working closely with operational and merchandising teams.
Reconcile payments received against invoices and produce a monthly aged debtors listing.
Send payment reminders and chasers as necessary, escalating aged debt accordingly.
Investigate payment discrepancies and resolve disputes.
Support all audit visits i.e. internal, external and contractual audits.
Assist in the development of financial policies, processes and working instructions.
Develop and produce analysis reports to aid in the strategic planning of Gymshark to improve efficiency or become more cost effective.
Ensure compliance with all relevant accounting practices, procedures and policies of Gymshark.
Ensure all documents are filed in a timely and logical manner.
Maintain a high standard of work adhering to all regulatory legislation.
Maintain strict confidentiality in all sensitive matters.

ESSENTIAL SKILLS : 

Self-motivated and take pride in completing tasks to the highest standard.
Detailed and methodical - Duties are completed in an accurate manner whilst spotting irregularities and investigating them.
Able to manage day to day priorities effectively proactively seek issues and be able to provide solutions for these.
Pro-active  To go above and beyond and adapt to the changing needs of the team.
Adaptive and logical - Are be able to think about and solve new issues that may arise as the company grows and faces new challenges.
Good communication skills and able to build a strong rapport with teams key to the role.
Technologically proficient and are able to make full use of technology and software to complete tasks efficiently and accurately.
Able to manage time and responsibilities to ensure key tasks are completed to deadlines to ensure the rest of the department operates smoothly.
Excellent excel skills.
Solid accounting knowledge.
Experience working in AR.

PREFERRED SKILLS

AAT qualified or equivalent.
Experience working in a retail business, specifically ecomm.
Netsuite experience.

CLOSING DATES - Monday 13th November 
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
THE PERKS.
 Competitive Win Together, Lose Together Bonus Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us! 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want. A truly Flexible Working Culture A collaborative, creative and inspiring working environment Employer pension contributions up to 7 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary 50 Gymshark Discount Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Great Training and Learning Resources Choice of hardware and access to the best software Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family Refuel - Healthy fresh food at GSHQ Lifting Club (LC) Gym Membership Free monthly massages Beauty and Barber facilities Free on-site parking