OVERVIEW:
At Gymshark, our mission is to Unite the Conditioning Community. We do this by bringing together the Gymshark family  whether it be through a love of conditioning, wearing our product, following our Athletes or viewing content across our various social platforms.  
In October 2022, the 10th year of our existence, we opened our very first Retail Store - a Flagship on Londons prestigious Regent St.  A permanent space in which our community can meet, shop, and work out.  Our store is an experience totally unique to Gymshark, and not your typical retail environment. Its all about experience first, and retail second.  A creative and flexible space, where everyone can feel at home, meet friends, make new ones, or just hang out.  A place where URL meets IRL.  
To thrive in this role, you must be passionate about the brand and our mission.  You must inspire, guide and encourage the team to create a great experience for all who visit. 
RESPONSIBLE FOR:

The end to end creation and production of in-store events
Representing the Gymshark culture and values, be a natural brand ambassador in everything you do, and be passionate about the community and their experience of Gymshark
Building relationships with local communities
The day to day runnings of events and brand activity in the store. Constantly thinking what next and bringing new ideas to the table
Briefing creative assets to creative functions
Building awareness of our Regent St store
Supporting the Events Lead and Events Manager in executing events both in and out of the store
Tracking and reporting performance data from each event
Contributing towards concepts for in-store activations, whilst being on the pulse of whats happening in your hyper local market, community building whenever possible
Belonging means everything to us. Events will bring to real life our values and hold diversity and inclusion at the heart. Co-ordinate the execution of Gymshark daily event schedule, proactively managing queues in a fun and engaging way
You can commit to working when and where the retail team needs you - this could be in-store, on weekends or bank holidays.

ESSENTIAL SKILLS:

Experience in assisting events 
Existing connections within the industry
Comfortable building and maintaining new connections
People first mindset 
Experience in a similar customer facing role
Experience working in a fast paced, high volume, agile environment
Comfortable shifting gears and spinning plates
Natural networker and connector
Highly effective communicator, written and verbal 


PREFERRED SKILLS:


Experience in leading events
Project management experience
Some digital and social media experience 
Budget management 
Leading change 
Lateral thinker
Willing to challenge and be challenged
Willingness to give and receive effective feedback

VALUE DRIVEN BEHAVIOURS:

BE HUMAN: Accessible, inclusive  humble
Show up to the events with an open mind and willingness to find the best way of working.
GIVE A SHIT: Conscious, caring  proactive
Explore communities around London to ensure were being authentic in our consumer connections.
DO THE RIGHT THING: Honest, trustworthy  genuine
Work closely with consumers to understand feedback and how we can improve.
FIND THE GYMSHARK WAY: Ambitious, agile  disruptive
Offering and executing new and disruptive ideas for store activity.
PUT FAMILY FIRST
Understanding customer needs and how to show up for them in store.



In order to comply with PCI-DSS standards (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) which governs how we handle, store and access payment data, this position is subject to satisfactory results from necessary pre-employment checks, including a basic DBS check. This will be conducted at offer stage and covers unspent convictions only. In all cases well always speak to you first and no offers will be automatically withdrawn. 
THE PERKS. 
At Gymshark we believe in the importance of investing in our employees through their physical, mental, and financial health along with being able to provide some fun and inclusive perks along the way. 
 33 days holidays (including Bank Holidays)  your birthday   Employer pension contributions up to 7  Contribution to a gym membership   50 Gymshark Discount  Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support  Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell  Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family  Bonus potential 
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK. Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email retailtalentgymshark.com
OUR VALUES ARE INVALUABLE Sharing the same values and beliefs make us who we are  visionaries. You will be the type of person that always looks to be accessible, inclusive, and humble (Be Human). You are conscious of the world we live in, caring for those around us and are proactive to create positive change (Give a Shit). You are honest, trustworthy, and genuine (Do the Right Thing). You are ambitious, agile and have a disruptive approach (Find the Gymshark Way).  You understand that to go further, we go together (Put Family First) 