OVERVIEW:Are you our next Digital Content Executive? The Digital Content Executive is responsible for executing the overall Digital Content strategy globally to ensure we are continuously improving site experience, user journeys and marketing content execution. They will create landing pages and onsite journeys to support campaigns, product launches and brand moments. The Digital Content Executive will be required to report and analyse site performance, work with key stakeholders on innovating content capabilities and brief creative on content requirements for site content. 
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Executing the overarching Digital Content strategy, including the execution of marketing onsite content for new product launches, campaigns, and brand moments. Ensuring this is conducted through a regional lens, creating content that is relevant to the region.
Working closely with the Digital product teams on understanding how to maximise new site features and working with them on module requirements for landing pages.
Briefing site content requirements to  the creative team and feeding back on creative output to maximise results and meet objectives.
Guiding the direction of the homepage and navigation design to deploy based on business objectives.
Creating onsite content journeys for key marketing moments, including but not limited to NPDs, campaigns launches, brand moments and landing pages.
Reporting on trading performance through a site lens, ensuring all reporting and analysis is focused on making actionable insights and recommendation for the Digital Content team, wider Marketing team and Senior Management. 
Building strong relationships with key stakeholders to define landing page and onsite content requirements and objectives, including by attending and contributing to internal meetings.
Management and upkeep of all onsite content, to ensure this is continually updated to maximise performance.
Adopting a test and learn mentality, ensuring we are utilising data to drive decisions and constantly evolving and improving digital content for the business.

WHAT YOULL NEED:Essential Criteria:

Experience executing digital content strategies.
Experience creating landing pages and working withing CMS systems.
Experience analysing trading performance.
Experience of using Google Analytics.
Confident in presenting findings to the team.
Confident in querying data and problem solving.
Ability to analyse data and report on findings.
Competent with Excel.
A passion for all things digital and a desire to test new tactics and keep up to date with industry changes.

WHAT YOU COULD ALSO HAVE:

An understanding of the content requirements across the digital spectrum.
An understanding and appreciation for the wider marketing funnel and how channels work together for success.
Willing to challenge and be challenged.
Willingness to give and receive effective feedback.

This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3 days a week in GSHQ, Solihull, UK.
CLOSING DATE: 13th November, 2023
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
THE PERKS.
 Competitive Win Together, Lose Together Bonus Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us! 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want. A truly Flexible Working Culture A collaborative, creative and inspiring working environment Employer pension contributions up to 7 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary 50 Gymshark Discount Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Great Training and Learning Resources Choice of hardware and access to the best software Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family Refuel - Healthy fresh food at GSHQ Lifting Club (LC) Gym Membership Free monthly massages Beauty and Barber facilities Free on-site parking