PEOPLE OPERATIONS EXECUTIVE - RETAIL (12 MONTH FTC)
OVERVIEW:
Are you our next People Operations Executive? Supporting our fantastic Retail team, this role exists to support, coordinate and optimise people administration processes.You will provide administrative support on the full end to end employee lifecycle, ensuring accuracy and efficiency throughout all our HR processes.You will have a keen eye for detail and be passionate about supporting our Retail team, acting as triage for all People related queries. Working closely with the Retail team and the wider People team, you will ensure consistency and alignment with the HQ People processes where necessary. The role is initially for a 12-month FTC.
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Be the key point of contact for new joiners, from supporting with the issuing of employment contracts, to conducting right to work checks and answering pre-boarding queries.
Act as a liaison between TalentPay  PerksPerformance and Partnering teams for new joiner queries.
Support the Retail People Manager with day-to-date administrative tasks including drafting letters, updating trackers and the on-going maintenance of all employee filesrecords. This will include ad hoc auditing and filing of documentation including sensitive personal data (e.g. OH reports).
Be the liaison for any people related administrative queries for the Retail team.
Have an eye for detail and support the Payroll team providing updates on pay changes, promotion and new joiner and leaver details.
Support and oversee the administration of the Time  Attendance system
Be responsible for the people systems data management  ensuring its updated, accurate and GDPR compliant. 
Respond to incoming people related enquiries, escalating where necessary, and seeking advice from third party providers, including payroll, pensions and other colleagues in the wider People team. 
Create reports using spreadsheets for management information and working to deadlines, producing People management reports for attrition, annual leave, successful hires etc. 
Support the leaver process, issuing leaver letters and employment references.
Support the team documenting people processes and creating standard templates ensuring alignment with any HQ processes where necessary.
Provide a professional service with a focus on excellent customer service to colleagues and external customers using written and verbal communication.
You will look at ways to improve People team processes and utilise new technology (for example Spoke) to support people administration tasks.
Taking part in HR projects such as new system implementations or employee engagement initiatives. 
Monitoring and tracking of absence triggers, company sick pay usage, probationary periods and annual leave, ensuring compliance in line with relevant policies.
Be responsible for reporting on People data, updating any trackers and reviewing People metrics on a monthly basis.

WHAT YOULL NEED:

Working towards an HR qualification or have previous experience working within an HR department.
Strong communication skills with a willingness to develop them further.
Experience handling large volumes of confidential personal data with awareness of GDPR compliance.
An awareness of employment legislation and practices, with an eagerness for keeping this knowledge up to date.
Self-motivated with demonstrable skills in time management, prioritisation with a focus on data accuracy.
A creative problem solver with a curious mindset, proactively seeking improvements and efficiencies in processes.
Adaptable to change and pragmatic, comfortable working in a high pressure and fast paced environment, with minimal supervision.

Itd be great if you have..

Experience using a HR Information System.
Experience working in a PeopleHR team in the Retail industry

This is an onsite role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3 days a week in our GSLDN Office in Soho.
CLOSING DATE: 19th November 2023.
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
THE PERKS.
 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want. A truly Flexible Working Culture Full private medical insurance  Employer pension contributions up to 7 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary 50 Gymshark Discount Gymshark Gift Card at 3 months service and each year of service Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Great Training and Learning Resources Choice of hardware and access to the best software Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family Gym membership contribution