OVERVIEW:Are you our next Assistant Merchandiser? This role will provide an opportunity to continue to develop your knowledge of end-to-end merchandise planning processes.You will be part of Gymsharks merchandising teams to ensure that products are in the right place, at the right time, and in the right quantities. 
WHAT YOULL BE DOING:

Supporting delivering in depth seasonal merchandise analysis to inform merchandise planning strategy.
Supporting the delivery of weekly trade reviews, helping to provide an appropriate level of analysis to aid good decision making across the team.
Following up on various actions identified in weekly trade meetings.
Having a good understanding of the competitive landscape across regions.
Maintaining the line flows of core products with the goal of maintaining their in-stock status whilst keeping stock cover under control.
Regularly communicate with the Sourcing, Procurement  Logistics teams to ensure we have the most accurate information such as inbound stock or supplier capacities.
Support and influence the seasonal product selection and forecasting process.
Supporting the weekly and seasonal trade reviews for your categories, assisting in the delivery of relevant analysis, sharing of performance and being reactive in our planning.
Support preparation and validation of any insights required for key meetings.
Supporting the WSSI planning - actualising data and getting involved with forward forecasting.

WHAT YOULL NEED:Essential Criteria:

Must be experienced and operating within an Assistant Merchandiser level role.
Strong numerically with a commercial mindset.
An analytical problem solver.
Intermediate skills in Excel and building PowerPoint Decks.
Clear and concise presentation skills.
Strong communication and organisational skills.
High attention to detail and time management.
Able to work alone towards your personal objectives, but also as a team towards the larger team objectives.

WHAT YOU COULD ALSO HAVE:

Be a confident and compelling presenter of business information.
Advanced excel training or experience.
Experience working in a D2C e-commerce fashionapparel business.
Prior retail allocation and replenishment experience.

 This is a hybrid role and would require the successful candidate to attend at least 3 days a week in GSHQ, Solihull, UK.
CLOSING DATE: 1st November 2023
BELONGING AT GYMSHARK.
Our mission is to be a place where everyone belongs. Were an equal opportunities employer, and for us that means we always strive to be as inclusive as possible in all aspects of employment, right from your application. Were committed to finding reasonable adjustments for candidates with specific needs or have a disability during our recruitment process, and all applicants will be considered fairly and equally. We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. If youd like to request a reasonable adjustment please email talentgymshark.com. 
ABOUT US.
Were here to unite the conditioning community. We believe that putting the sweat in today, prepares us for tomorrow. So, we give people the tools they need to reach further, go faster, be stronger. We celebrate those who show up  for themselves  to be their physical or mental best, whatever that means for them. Its what we want for our community, and our team. A team thats growing rapidly around the world. A collective of talented individuals working together to invent Gymsharks future. Our plans are ambitious, and were looking for people who want to join us for the ride  our growth will be your growth.
THE PERKS.
 Competitive Win Together, Lose Together Bonus Choice of Private Medical Insurance or Healthcare Cash Plan, paid for by us! 25 days holidays  your birthday and all the Bank Holidays which can be substituted and taken whenever you want. A truly Flexible Working Culture A collaborative, creative and inspiring working environment Employer pension contributions up to 7 Life Assurance at four times your basic salary 50 Gymshark Discount Gymshark Gift Card for each year of service Financial, Physical and Mental Wellbeing Support Great Training and Learning Resources Choice of hardware and access to the best software Paid time off when youre physically and mentally unwell Very Generous Family Leave package  we support you extending your family Refuel - Healthy fresh food at GSHQ Lifting Club (LC) Gym Membership Free monthly massages Beauty and Barber facilities Free on-site parking
LI-MA