As a member of our Customer Success team, you will build lasting relationships with our most important clients from successful launches to identification of new use cases, and ongoing strategic support that increases satisfaction, maximizes the Heap experience and ultimately drives revenue retention and growth. We win when our customers win. 
Responsibilities and Objectives:

Own leading and lagging indicators of success.
Achieve operational excellence.
Own the entire customer journey.
Deliver business value.
Become knowledgeable about product analytics.
Form close relationships with our customers.
Advocate for the best customer experience.
Expand existing customers.
Constantly iterate on our process.

Minimum Requirements:

Experience in a consultative, customer facing role (management consulting, account management, customer success management, etc.) with an enterprise software or SaaS organization
Proven track record of leading customer engagements with B2B or B2C enterprise customers, driving accountability for mutual success defined as increased adoption, customer value realization, and contract value growth on both upsells and renewals
Proven ability to build and nurture relationships with senior executives of large enterprises
Proven ability to engage effectively with diverse stakeholder groups within large enterprises, including end users and C-level executives, on both technical and business topics
 of Force Managements Command of the Message Framework, MEDDIC, and other common go-to-market frameworks. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills including demonstrated effectiveness at preparing, orchestrating and leading quarterly and executive business reviews
Self-motivated, proactive team player with innovative ideas to inspire customer loyalty and adoption
Outstanding organizational and project management skills, and the ability to manage multiple tasks and requests
Diplomacy, tact, and poise under pressure when working through customer issues
Ability to sell and support customer base - Travel up to 50 of the time
Bachelors Degree (Bonus: computer science or advanced degree)
Experience with CS and CRM tools (Salesforce, Gainsight, etc.)


For New York City-based candidates, the on-target earnings for this role is anticipated to be between 170,000 - 215,000. The anticipated pay is based on information as of the time this post was generated. Actual compensation for successful candidates will be carefully determined based on a number of factors, including their skills, qualifications, and experience. 
People are what make Heap awesome. Regardless of age, education, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, or any personal characteristics, we want everyone to feel welcome. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive equal opportunity workplace everyone can call home.
Heap has raised 205M in funding from NEA, Y Combinator, Menlo Ventures, SVAngel, Sam Altman, Garry Tan, Alexis Ohanian, Harj Taggar, Ram Shriram, and others. We offer plenty of awesome benefits, and we are currently named 17 on Glassdoors Best Places to Work (SMB). Wed love to hear from you!
LI-KJ1