Heap has experienced rapid growth in our customer base over the past few years.  We have built a great team with a great culture and are now expanding that team. Were looking for someone on the East Coast with a track record of not just overachieving quota, but also overachieving on pipeline generation. Heap offers all AEs a compelling uncapped compensation plan with accelerators and you can work remote. Of course, we may need you to come into our NY office every now and then.
Youll be the most direct source of revenue growth at Heap. Youll empower every type of company, from Fortune 500 retailers to fast-growing mobile apps. Youll be the main steward of Heaps brand to new and existing large customers. As we scale, your insights will dictate how our sales team operates at 10 and 100 people.
What were looking for: 

5 years of experience as a quota-carrying rep at a SaaS company
Experience running sales cycles in their entirety -- from cold outbound to close, turning leads into happy, paying customers
Knowledge of the marketing tech or web analytics space would be a big feather in your cap
Excited by uncertainty - As an early sales hire, you wont be a cog in a well-oiled machine. Instead, youll help build our sales infrastructure and culture from the ground up.
Comfortable talking to a variety of users - Heap plays a day-to-day role for a wide range of people: engineers, marketers, product managers, designers, data scientists, and CEOs. Youll interface with some or all of these in an organization to close deals.
A strong communicator - Analytics can get overwhelming. Can you empathize with our customers, zero in on their needs, and articulate how Heap satisfies those needs?
A fast learner - To gain our customers trust, you need to know Heap and the analytics market better than anyone else. After a sales call with you, the prospect or customer should feel invigorated and educated.
Ruthless at prioritization and time management - Youll be aggressive about prioritizing, qualifying, and devoting exactly as much time as needed to close deals.


For New York City-based candidates, the on-target earnings for this role is anticipated to be 300,000. The anticipated pay is based on information as of the time this post was generated. Actual compensation for successful candidates will be carefully determined based on a number of factors, including their skills, qualifications, and experience. 
People are what make Heap awesome. Regardless of age, education, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, or any personal characteristics, we want everyone to feel welcome. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive equal opportunity workplace everyone can call home.
Heap has raised 205M in funding from NEA, Y Combinator, Menlo Ventures, SVAngel, Sam Altman, Garry Tan, Alexis Ohanian, Harj Taggar, Ram Shriram, and others. We offer plenty of awesome benefits, and we are currently named 17 on Glassdoors Best Places to Work (SMB). Wed love to hear from you!
LI-KJ1