Heap has experienced rapid growth in our customer base over the past couple of years, and a big part of this has been because of a very successful Account Executive team. We continue growing our Account Executive team and are looking for someone with a track record of not just overachieving quota, but also overachieving on pipeline generation. Heap offers all AEs a compelling uncapped compensation plan with accelerators. 
Youll be the most direct source of revenue growth at Heap. Youll empower every type of company, from Fortune 500 retailers to fast-growing mobile apps. Youll be the main steward of Heaps brand to new customers. And as we scale, your insights will dictate how our sales team operates at 30 and 100 people.
What were looking for: 

4 years of experience as a quota-carrying rep at a SaaS company
Experience running sales cycles in their entirety -- from cold outbound to close, turning leads into happy, paying customers - 
Knowledge of the marketing tech or web analytics space would be a big feather in your cap
Excited by uncertainty - As an early sales hire, you wont be a cog in a well-oiled machine. Instead, youll help build our sales infrastructure and culture from the ground up.
Comfortable talking to a variety of users - Heap plays a day-to-day role for a wide range of people: engineers, marketers, product managers, designers, data scientists, and CEOs. Youll interface with some or all of these in an organization to close deals.
A strong communicator - Analytics can get overwhelming. Can you empathize with our customers, zero in on their needs, and articulate how Heap satisfies those needs?
A fast learner - To gain our customers trust, you need to know Heap and the analytics market better than anyone else. After a sales call with you, our customers should feel invigorated and educated.

Ruthless at prioritization and time management - Youll be aggressive about prioritizing, qualifying, and devoting exactly as much time as needed to close deals.

Answers in seconds. Our customers look to Heap as the one source of truth for all of their customer data, and they love us! 
Were looking for a Business Development Representative [outbound sales development] who is excited about consultative selling to Enterprise prospects. You will work closely with our marketing and sales teams to identify and engage prospective clients. You will learn about the analytics goals of prospective customers to find out if they are a good fit for Heap.
At Heap, this means you will: 

Reach out to new prospects in our target market and get them excited about Heap
Set meetings with qualified prospects for handoff to Account Executives
Communicate with AEs and educate them on details of opportunities
Consistently achieve qualified opportunity and closed business quotas
Demonstrate the value of Heap through email and phone communication

What were looking for: 

A strong communicator - Analytics can get overwhelming. Can you empathize with our customers, zero in on their needs, and articulate how Heap satisfies those needs?
Obsessed with prospect happiness - You will set the stage for an effective sales follow-up.
A fast learner - You have an analytical mindset and are able to understand and explain a technical product within a matter of weeks.
A master of email communication - You keep the inbox at zero.
Comfortable talking to a variety of users - Heap plays a day-to-day role for a wide range of people: engineers, marketers, product managers, designers, data scientists, and CEOs. Youll interface with some or all of these in an organization to close deals.


For New York City-based candidates, the base pay for this role is anticipated to have on-target earnings of 220,000. The anticipated base pay range is based on information as of the time this post was generated. Actual compensation for successful candidates will be carefully determined based on a number of factors, including their skills, qualifications, and experience.
People are what make Heap awesome. Regardless of age, education, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, or any personal characteristics, we want everyone to feel welcome. We are committed to building a diverse and inclusive equal opportunity workplace everyone can call home.
Heap has raised 205M in funding from NEA, Y Combinator, Menlo Ventures, SVAngel, Sam Altman, Garry Tan, Alexis Ohanian, Harj Taggar, Ram Shriram, and others. We offer plenty of awesome benefits, and we are currently named 17 on Glassdoors Best Places to Work (SMB). Wed love to hear from you!
LI-KJ1