Were looking for a Training Specialist to help us build and facilitate instructor-led training workshops, subject specialist training content, and eLearning modules for our worldwide Customer Support teams. Youll be working on onboarding and other training programs to help ensure the ongoing, long-term improvement of Customer Support Advocates skills, enabling them to fulfill their potential within the Customer Support team. While working in a hybrid work arrangement, a blend of virtual (in accordance with Hootsuites distributed workforce strategy), and in Hootsuites Mexico office, you will report to the Director, Customer Support Enablement.
WHAT YOULL DO: 

Facilitate onboarding for all new Customer Support Advocates, including assessing new hires knowledge and providing feedback and guidance 
Create and lead training programs for Customer Support Advocates across our Ecommerce, Enterprise, and Escalation Center teams on technical skill-building and soft skills such as upselling techniques, contact handling when dealing with difficult customers, business acumen, troubleshooting, chat, and phone-based customer support 
Create and lead specialized training programs as needed with flexibility and adaptability to deliver some courses in various time zones 
Collaborate with the product team, Customer Support leadership, and senior Customer Support Advocates to develop and implement training for new product launches, features, and functionality
Report on training feedback and results, contributing to monthly data reviews and global updates
Assist in the maintenance of existing courseware and materials 
Assist in the maintenance of the internal knowledge base
Research and present new technologies and methodologies in workplace learning 

WHAT YOULL NEED: 

3-5 years experience (or equivalent combination of education and experience) in course design, course facilitationinstruction, or e-learning designdelivery 
Experience coordinating and delivering webinars, in-person training, and other virtual training
Ability to create engaging live and digital content, and present this in a clear and easy-to-learn manner
Self initiative and a track record of working effectively on an independent basis 
Knowledge of adult learning theory, training needs analysis, instructional design, information design, training methodologies, learning technologies and measurement strategies is an asset
Open Communication: clearly conveys thoughts, both written and verbally, listening attentively and asking questions for clarification and understanding
Accountability: holds self and others accountable to meet commitments
Collaboration and Teamwork: works with others to deliver results, meaningfully contributing to the team and prioritizing group needs over individual needs
Customer Focus: demonstrates a desire to proactively help and serve internalexternal customers meet their needs
Interpersonal Savvy: relates openly and comfortably with diverse groups of people

 
WHO YOU ARE:

Tenacious. You are determined to succeed, and you are motivated by the success of customers, colleagues and the community.
Curious. You are always learning and seeking ways to make things better.
Conscientious. You keep your promises, taking your commitments to others seriously, and you have strong integrity.
Humble. You lead with humility and empathy, respecting and learning from the perspectives of others. 

 

In all we do, our six guiding principles light the way:Step Up: Show the world what it looks like to live and work by these guiding principles. StepUp
One Team: Make Hootsuite a place where everyone feels safe, welcome, valued, and empowered to do their best  work without compromising who they are. OneTeam FreeToBeMe
Customer Obsessed: Focus relentlessly on helping our customers succeed. CustomerObsessed
Go Fast, Be Agile: Widen our competitive advantage by committing to speed and simplicity over perfection and complexity. GoFastBeAgile
Play to Win: Commit to building an incredible, profitable company for our customers, our employees, and our stakeholders. PlayToWin NoExcuses
Neighbours  Allies: Give back to our communities and be an ally. SocialForGood Allies
 
Accommodations will be provided as requested by candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.
 
 
LI-AK1