Were looking for a Bilingual Product Trainer (fluent in English and French) to help us train our customers on Hootsuite and act as a key member of the end-to-end customer journey. Youll be working with the Professional Services  team to successfully launch and guide customers by educating them on how to use Hootsuites products. While working in a hybrid work arrangement, a blend of virtual (in accordance with Hootsuites distributed workforce strategy), and in Hootsuites Vancouver or Toronto office, you will report to the Manager, Training.
 
WHAT YOULL DO:

Understand Customer Needs: Lead internal discovery sessions with cross-functional teams (Implementation, Customer Account Management, Account Executive, and Solutions Consultant) and calls with customers to understand their business goals, needs, knowledge gaps, and expectations from training.
Training Logistics: Schedule training sessions with our customers across different time zones and regions, and prepare for meetings by reviewing customer accounts to understand configuration, preparing presentation decks, and finalizing agendas.
Contribute to development and maintenance of team training materials, including agendas and templates.
Webinar Training: Create and present standard and customized engaging, live webinar training sessions on all Hootsuite products such as Hootsuite, Impact, Insights, Amplify, and Ads, and ensure that the content presented is understood by stakeholders and questions are answered.
Onsite Training: Deliver engaging, onsite training, usually half-day sessions which involves travel to the customers office and training in person.
Project Management: Update the training component of the project plan with relevant updates, tasks accomplished, and summary of training completed.
Commitment to Customer Satisfaction: Meet and exceed quarterly Individual CSAT score target by delivering highly customized, clear, and engaging sessions that meet clients expectations.

 
WHAT YOULL NEED:

Some practical experience in delivering training, preferably in the techSaaS industry, or relevant experience.
Excellent English and French verbal and written skills
Clear and organized presentation techniques and skills in person and via web.
Proven ability to train or teach someone, particularly on a technology solution.
Capable of explaining technical terms in a comprehensive way to different audiences.
Ability to set and manage customer expectations and to negotiate appropriate resolutions to issues.
Ability to learn and apply new skills, technologies and processes quickly.
Customer Focus: Demonstrates a desire to proactively help and serve internalexternal customers to meet their needs.
Open Communication: Clearly conveys thoughts, both written and verbally, listening attentively and asking questions for clarification and understanding.
Commitment to Results: Consistently achieves results, demonstrating  high performance, and challenging self and others to deliver results.
ProcessProject Management: Skilled at figuring out and managing the processes and timelines necessary to get work accomplished.
Problem Solving: Uses an organized and logical approach to find solutions to complex problems. Looks beyond the obvious to understand the root cause of problems.

 
WHO YOU ARE:

Tenacious. You are determined to succeed, and you are motivated by the success of customers, colleagues and the community.
Curious. You are always learning and seeking ways to make things better.
Conscientious. You keep your promises, taking your commitments to others seriously, and you have strong integrity.
Humble. You lead with humility and empathy, respecting and learning from the perspectives of others. 

 

In all we do, our six guiding principles light the way:Step Up: Show the world what it looks like to live and work by these guiding principles. StepUp
One Team: Make Hootsuite a place where everyone feels safe, welcome, valued, and empowered to do their best  work without compromising who they are. OneTeam FreeToBeMe
Customer Obsessed: Focus relentlessly on helping our customers succeed. CustomerObsessed
Go Fast, Be Agile: Widen our competitive advantage by committing to speed and simplicity over perfection and complexity. GoFastBeAgile
Play to Win: Commit to building an incredible, profitable company for our customers, our employees, and our stakeholders. PlayToWin NoExcuses
Neighbours  Allies: Give back to our communities and be an ally. SocialForGood Allies
 
Accommodations will be provided as requested by candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.
 
 
LI-AK1