Were looking for a Social Engagement Coordinator to help us execute Hootsuites online community, social engagement strategy, and social listening programs across our global social channels . You will support and coordinate initiatives led by the Social Marketing team and contribute creative ideas to improve Hootsuites social media channels. While working in a hybrid work arrangement, a blend of virtual (in accordance with Hootsuites distributed workforce strategy), and in Hootsuites Toronto or Vancouver office, you will report to the Team Lead, Social Marketing. 
WHAT YOULL DO: 

Monitor and engage across multiple social networks in order to help build Hootsuites brand presence and grow our online community 
Assist in sourcing, writing, and scheduling content for Amplify 
Implement Twitter and Facebook paid ads campaigns and share outcomes with Social Marketing team
Write social copy and publish content for Facebook and Twitter based on knowledge and analytical evidence
Stay up to date on incident response and crisis communications plans in collaboration with Corporate Communications 
Partner with corporate communications team on social listening tasks to help feed press releases as part of the PR strategy
Triage and enhance customer care processes to ensure our customers needs are being satisfied across all social touchpoints in partnership with customer support
Monitor brand health (social mentions, sentiment, etc.) using social listening insights and communicate them to key teams like Corporate Communications, Product Marketing, and Sales
Perform other related duties as assigned.  

WHAT YOULL NEED: 

1-2 years experience managing social media networks in a professional setting and building relationships with digital community members, including but not limited to, partners, prospects  and customers.
Bachelors degree or diploma in Marketing, Advertising, Communications, English or an equivalent combination of education and experience 
Exposure to social listening platforms such as Talkwalker or Brandwatch, and analytics platforms like Hootsuite Analytics and Google Analytics an asset 
Excellent and lively copywriting skills with the ability to adapt to the brands voice 
Experience running paid social campaigns an asset
Effectively communicating information and ideas in written and verbal format (internally and externally)
Collaboration and Teamwork: works with others to deliver results, meaningfully contributing to the team and prioritizing group needs over individual needs 
Creativity and Innovation: seeks new and better ways of doing things, generates original and imaginative ideas, products, or solutions 
Customer Focus: demonstrates a desire to proactively help and serve internalexternal customers meet their needs 

WHO YOU ARE: 

Tenacious. You are determined to succeed, and you are motivated by the success of customers, colleagues and the community. 
Curious. You are always learning and seeking ways to make things better. 
Conscientious. You keep your promises, taking your commitments to others seriously, and you have strong integrity. 
Humble. You lead with humility and empathy, respecting and learning from the perspectives of others

 

 
In all we do, our six guiding principles light the way:Step Up: Show the world what it looks like to live and work by these guiding principles. StepUp
One Team: Make Hootsuite a place where everyone feels safe, welcome, valued, and empowered to do their best  work without compromising who they are. OneTeam FreeToBeMe
Customer Obsessed: Focus relentlessly on helping our customers succeed. CustomerObsessed
Go Fast, Be Agile: Widen our competitive advantage by committing to speed and simplicity over perfection and complexity. GoFastBeAgile
Play to Win: Commit to building an incredible, profitable company for our customers, our employees, and our stakeholders. PlayToWin NoExcuses
Neighbours  Allies: Give back to our communities and be an ally. SocialForGood Allies
 
Accommodations will be provided as requested by candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.
 