Were looking for a Senior Account Executive to help us develop and close new business with small-large sized companies in a variety of exciting industries. You will work in a fast paced sales environment selling Hootsuite and our partner ecosystem solutions to prospective customers. You will leverage your sales skills and experience to inform our customers of the benefits and value of Hootsuite solutions and manage the end to end sales process. You will also manage the sales process, helping our customers choose Hootsuite as their Social Media Management partner. While working in a hybrid work arrangement, a blend of virtual (in accordance with Hootsuites distributed workforce strategy), and in Hootsuites London office, you will report to our Manger, Sales.
 
WHAT YOULL DO:

Successfully acquire new Hootsuite customers in order to achieve individual quota targets, both with leads that come in through the demand gen channel, and through outbound efforts into whitespace accounts to create new customer interest
Prepare, organize, structure your sales processes from value creation to negotiation and closing
Consult with businesses to understand the product fit and recommend  sell Hootsuite solutions that align with their unique needs and overall goals on social
Lean on internal subject matter experts to provide customer value from the prospecting stage all the way to completion of sale.
Develop rapport with customers by proactively providing insightful market information and solutions to customers that showcase maximum benefits from Hootsuite products
Exhibit passion for customer success by understanding the product-market fit and applying this towards problem solving for your customers unique needs
Proactively seek out market information in order to effectively develop rapport with customers.
Provide day to day support to team members on challenges or issues
Perform other related duties as required.

 
WHAT YOULL NEED:

Ample prior B2B sales experience OR lead generationbusiness development representative experience (experience in software considered an asset); proven ability to achieve or exceed assigned quotas.
Ability to focus on client business value, return on investment, and customer solutions (not features-focused selling)
Experience crafting sales strategies for your verticalterritory and buildingexecuting on your account plansterritory plans
Open Communication: clearly conveys thoughts, both written and verbally, listening attentively and asking questions for clarification and understanding
Commitment to Results: Consistently achieving results, demonstrating high performance and challenging self and others to deliver results
Customer Focus: Demonstrates a desire to proactively help and serve internalexternal customers meet their needs
Negotiation: Successfully obtains commitment to a solution or idea, while maintaining integrity and relationships
Perseverance: Pursues everything with energy, drive, and a need to finish—doesnt give up.

 
WHO YOU ARE:

Tenacious. You are determined to succeed, and you are motivated by the success of customers, colleagues and the community.
Curious. You are always learning and seeking ways to make things better.
Conscientious. You keep your promises, taking your commitments to others seriously, and you have strong integrity.
Humble. You lead with humility and empathy, respecting and learning from the perspectives of others. 

 

In all we do, our six guiding principles light the way:Step Up: Show the world what it looks like to live and work by these guiding principles. StepUp
One Team: Make Hootsuite a place where everyone feels safe, welcome, valued, and empowered to do their best  work without compromising who they are. OneTeam FreeToBeMe
Customer Obsessed: Focus relentlessly on helping our customers succeed. CustomerObsessed
Go Fast, Be Agile: Widen our competitive advantage by committing to speed and simplicity over perfection and complexity. GoFastBeAgile
Play to Win: Commit to building an incredible, profitable company for our customers, our employees, and our stakeholders. PlayToWin NoExcuses
Neighbours  Allies: Give back to our communities and be an ally. SocialForGood Allies
 
Accommodations will be provided as requested by candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.
 
 
LI-RL1