Please do not apply for this role if you are not physically located in Europe, Africa or the Middle East (UTC-1 to UTC3). While this is a remote position, we can not consider candidates that are not based in these regions. You can find a detailed explanation in our Recruitment FAQs.
At Hotjar, we are dedicated to developing Product Experience Insights software for digital product teams. Our aim is to provide insights into user behavior and their strong sentiments, enabling product teams to deliver genuine value with speed.
In this role, you will report to the Director of Remote Operations. We are in search of a forward-thinking expert in communication and collaboration, one who is enthusiastic about pioneering innovative methods for companies to share information and collaborate effectively within a remote work environment.
Your responsibilities will encompass leading a team of three individuals, taking charge of internal communication, knowledge management, and promoting a remote-first work culture across the organization. This role requires an individual who thrives in a fast-paced, agile tech environment and comprehends the challenges associated with scaling.
Your proficiency as a strong communicator, particularly in written communication, and your keen awareness of cutting-edge remote work best practices are essential. This role involves extensive cross-functional collaboration and demands your ability to formulate a clear vision for your team to align with the companys needs.
 
Your key responsibilities include:

Guiding a team consisting of our Knowledge Manager, Internal Communication Specialist, and Remote Work Specialist, prioritizing initiatives with the highest impact and value for the business.
Assuming full responsibility for the companys internal communication strategy, collaborating with our partners in Contentsquare as necessary.
Supporting our Knowledge Manager in devising a strategy for the sharing and storage of information across the company.
Collaborating with our Remote Work Specialist to establish clear guidelines that promote best practices throughout the organization, facilitating high performance.
Infusing innovation into the teams strategy to maintain our leadership in remote work.
Defining the strategic vision for the team and the essential pillars for our success.
Establishing clear and measurable goals for which you and your team are held accountable.

 
What you will bring to the role:

Experience in internal communications and business process development.
A successful track record in leading teams to high performance and impactful outcomes.
Experience in fast-paced environments, adept at infusing agility into your projects.
A history of effective collaboration with partners across various business functions, including ProductEngineering, Data, Design, Sales, Marketing, Support, Finance, and other disciplines.
An established network within the remote working space, ensuring that you are connected to relevant voices and innovative ideas.
A strong desire to work in a respectful, transparent, and collaborative work environment, in alignment with Hotjars company values, culture, and work practices.
Willingness to undergo a confidential background check processed by our third-party partners. 

 
Compensation Range
The compensation range for this role is 95,000 - 125,000 annually where the offer typically falls at 105,000. This was established after performing market research and is aligned with our approach to compensation. We encourage all candidates to read our Recruitment FAQs to further understand our approach to compensation and how we structure our contracts.
In addition to the monetary compensation, we provide all team members with an assortment of unique and popular perks valued at more than 10,000 a year, plus stock options and 40 days of vacation. These have been chosen to reflect our values and ideals, be it encouraging constant learning with our Personal Development Budget, a great worklife balance with the annual leave and Holiday Budget, or a happy, healthy team with our Wellbeing Budget.
 
Hotjar pledges to be a harassment-free and discrimination-free company, committed to equal opportunity. We believe people from different backgrounds, with different identities and experiences, make our product, and our company, better.
 Our approach to compensation
At Hotjar we do not factor in any differences in compensation based on where you are located. We believe everyone should be compensated based on the market value of their role and the impact the role brings to the company. We also dont believe in complicated bonus or equity schemes. Instead, our ranges are established after performing market research, so that our team members can have a healthy and predictable income. To further understand our approach to compensation and contract structure, we encourage all candidates to review our Recruitment FAQs.
Hotjar Perks
In addition to the monetary compensation, we provide all team members with an assortment of unique and popular perks valued at more than 10,000 a year, plus stock options and 40 days of annual leave.
Here at Hotjar, we welcome team members of all backgrounds, identities, and experiences. Working with respect is built into our core values: we are honest, tolerant, and inclusive. We celebrate the uniqueness and strength found in diversity. We all commit to creating a safe working environment and are allies to those less privileged. And we fully believe that living by these values helps us to make our company, and our product, better.
Please Note: Scammers are posing as Hotjar and Hotjar team members. Well never initially contact you via text or GChat, and never solicit money from you. Please visit our Recruitment FAQ for more information.
 