Building a team starts with valuing the team. We hire the best of the best to ensure youre working with people you can constantly learn from. Youre trusted to get your work done your way while testing the limits of whats possible and whats next. We work hard to provide a culture where everyone feels supported, and our employees feel it—their votes helped us become one of Newsweeks Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces in 2023.
We also value sports. Not just because of the big wins and highlight-worthy plays, but because of the lasting impact sports can have: the lifelong lessons in teamwork and dedication; the influence of inspiring mentors; the priceless opportunities to play at the next level. Sports can change lives—thats what we value.
Our team helps the world see sports differently through products that make it easier to capture video, analyze data, share highlights and do a lot more.  
Ready to join us? 

Were looking for someone to be our Vice President of Design, to guide, grow and nurture a diverse, global team of designers. Our team spans the U.S. and Europe and includes product, content and industrial designers. This is a group of servant leaders—theyre responsible for creating solutions that solve some of the toughest problems in performance analysis, recruiting and fan engagement. These solutions weave together hardware (like our smart camera Hudl Focus), the cloud (the heart of Hudls product), and mobile and desktop apps that are mission critical for more than 200,000 teams. 
Our priority is to hire someone for this role who lives near one of our US offices (Lincoln, Omaha, or Lexington), but were also open to remote candidates who live in the following states: AL, AZ, FL, GA, ID, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, MA, MI, MN, MO, NE, NH, NC, OH, OK, PA, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, WI, WY.  
Your Role

Recruitment and talent development. Hire amazing designers, coach the team and develop strong managers.
Customer-centric focus. Our users are passionate coaches, athletes, parents, analysts and administrators who love what they do. Youll envision a better customer-centered world and work constantly to orient the company toward that ideal.
Design team evolution. Youll evolve the structure and makeup of the design chapter so we stay ahead of Hudls growth and the rapidly changing needs of sports organizations.
Design team process and frameworks. Create an effective design process across the team, including: learning through prototyping; collaboration with product and engineering; research that keeps customers at the center of everything we do; and measurable goals that tell us whats working and what isnt.
Design team impact. Youll be responsible for the performance of contributing designers, design managers and directors to create solutions that solve the problems we prioritize.
Product vision and alignment. Partner with our VP of Product and our Chief Product Officer to update and communicate the overall product vision, then align efforts to achieve it. Youll ensure our solutions come together into a cohesive overall experience thats much more powerful than the sum of its parts.
Product and brand design alignment. Keep our product design and brand design cohesive, collaborating closely with our brand design leaders.
Product team leadership. This team shapes our overall product team structure, culture and goals.
Company leadership. Youll work with all of Hudls VPs on company-wide initiatives.

Must-Haves

Extensive design experience. Youve spent 12 years  in product design with 5 years leading design teams with responsibilities across user research, interaction design, design systems, prototyping, new product discovery to launch, and iterating on mature products.
Leadership excellence. Youve formally led other managers and have experience scaling your leadership across a team of 20 designers, including a strong set of frameworks, templates and processes that youve refined.
Knowledge of large product suites. Youve worked on large product suites that bring together multiple integrated solutions across web and mobile, and serve a diverse set of user roles.
Remote managerial skills. Youve proven to be effective at supporting remote designers and operating in a matrixed reporting environment.
Collaborative vision. You have multiple years of experience collaborating with your peers in product, engineering and marketing to develop and communicate a high-level vision for a suite of products.
A relationship builder. Youve proven you can step into a leadership role with a new team and quickly build trust that leads to real customer impact.

Nice-to-Haves

Software-enabled hardware experience. Youve led the design of these products before, including managing industrial design.
Led a globally distributed team. Youre familiar with bringing together the diverse experiences of employees located all over the world..
Multiple application involvement. Your teams have worked across web, mobile, desktop and TV applications.
B2B and B2C backgrounds. Youve worked in both business-to-business and business-to-customer.
Experience with acquisitions. Youve effectively integrated acquired companies and their products.

Our Role

Champion work-life harmony. Well give you the flexibility you need in your work life (e.g., flexible vacation time, company-wide holidays and timeout (meeting-free) days, remote work options and more) so you can enjoy your personal life too.
Guarantee autonomy. We have an open, honest culture and we trust our people from day one. Your team will support you, but youll own your work and have the agency to try new ideas. 
Encourage career growth. Were lifelong learners who encourage professional development. Well give you tons of resources and opportunities to keep growing.
Provide an environment to help you succeed. Weve invested in our offices, designing incredible spaces with our employees in mind. But whether youre at the office or working remotely, well provide you the tech stack and hardware to do your best work.
Support your mental and physical health. We care about our employees wellbeing. Our Employee Assistance Program, employee resource groups and fitness partner Peerfit have you covered.
Cover your medical insurance. We have multiple plans to pick from to ensure youll have the coverage you (and your dependents) want, including vision, dental, fertility healthcare and family forming benefits.
Contribute to your 401(K). Yep, thats free money. Well match up to 4 of your own contribution.
Inclusion at Hudl
Hudl is an equal opportunity employer. Through our actions, behaviors and attitude, well create an environment where everyone, no matter their differences, feels like they belong. We offer resources to ensure our employees feel safe bringing their authentic selves to work, including employee resource groups and communities. But we recognize theres ongoing work to be done, which is why we track our efforts and commitments in annual inclusion reports. We also know imposter syndrome is real and the confidence gap can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please dont hesitate to apply—wed love to hear from you.
Privacy Policy
Hudl Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy