Building a team starts with valuing the team. We hire the best of the best to ensure youre working with people you can constantly learn from. Youre trusted to get your work done your way while testing the limits of whats possible and whats next. We work hard to provide a culture where everyone feels supported, and our employees feel it—their votes helped us become one of Newsweeks Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces in 2023.
We also value sports. Not just because of the big wins and highlight-worthy plays, but because of the lasting impact sports can have: the lifelong lessons in teamwork and dedication; the influence of inspiring mentors; the priceless opportunities to play at the next level. Sports can change lives—thats what we value.
Our team helps the world see sports differently through products that make it easier to capture video, analyze data, share highlights and do a lot more.  
Ready to join us?
Your Role
Were looking for a Marketing Design Intern to join our Brand team. Theyll use their design experience, leadership, and communication skills to manage high-profile projects that will cover a full gamut of design deliverables. This includes email graphics, print materials, paid media ads, social graphics, post-game analysis graphics, web design, event experiences, branding and more. This person will work with the Brand Design Manager, and the entire team of full-time and intern designers. Were a global company and this persons work may cover teams and products for youth, club, high school and professional level sports. This is a creative role that drives brand loyalty, increases product engagement and helps maintain customer satisfaction.
This role is open to current university students based in Lincoln, Nebraska to start part-time during the winter 2024 semester, with the potential to extend into the spring 2024 semester and beyond.
Must-Haves

Experienced and deliberate. You know your way around design software, and can effectively communicate from idea to sketch to mock.
Open to feedback. You have thick skin and can roll with creative critique because you know your work will be better because of it.
Responsible. You take ownership in your work to hit deadlines, meet expectations and raise red flags when you see them.
Well-versed. You know the difference between HEX values and Pantone, bleed and trim size, PNG and JPEG, and how they all play into prepping a file for print.
A current student. Youre excited for the opportunity to work with our marketing team because itll complement and enhance your education.

Nice-to-Haves

Sure in your skills. You know how and when to push back on the details that matter.

Our Role

Ask you to make an impact. Youre part of the team—that means youll have real responsibilities. We want to hear what you think and see what you can do.
Provide an environment to help you succeed. Weve invested in our offices, designing incredible spaces with our employees in mind. But even if youre taking advantage of the opportunity to work remotely, well provide you the tech you need to do your best work.
Develop your career. On top of working alongside some of the best professionals in the business and gaining real-world experience, well give you extra opportunities like lunch-and-learns and access to curated libraries to round out your internship.
Support your wellbeing. Youll have an entire team on your side to give advice and provide answers to your questions, plus more resources like topic-specific Slack channels and employee resource groups. In short, we have you covered.
Inclusion at Hudl
Hudl is an equal opportunity employer. Through our actions, behaviors and attitude, well create an environment where everyone, no matter their differences, feels like they belong. We offer resources to ensure our employees feel safe bringing their authentic selves to work, including employee resource groups and communities. But we recognize theres ongoing work to be done, which is why we track our efforts and commitments in annual inclusion reports. We also know imposter syndrome is real and the confidence gap can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please dont hesitate to apply—wed love to hear from you.
Privacy Policy
Hudl Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy