Building a team starts with valuing the team. We hire the best of the best to ensure youre working with people you can constantly learn from. Youre trusted to get your work done your way while testing the limits of whats possible and whats next. We work hard to provide a culture where everyone feels supported, and our employees feel it—their votes helped us become one of Newsweeks Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces in 2023.
We also value sports. Not just because of the big wins and highlight-worthy plays, but because of the lasting impact sports can have: the lifelong lessons in teamwork and dedication; the influence of inspiring mentors; the priceless opportunities to play at the next level. Sports can change lives—thats what we value.
Our team helps the world see sports differently through products that make it easier to capture video, analyze data, share highlights and do a lot more.  
Ready to join us?
Your Role
Were looking for an Account Executive to support market development of net new or acquisition revenue, and expand current accounts. This role will be concentrated on U.S. and Canadian clubs and high schools. The large majority of your sales will take place in online demos and over the phone, but youll also occasionally travel to your territory to thrive on the front lines (one of our company values) with prospects.
 
To succeed, youll:

Own a sales cycle. Youll collaborate with athletic directors and coaches to ensure their schools and teams have what they need to develop and improve.
Close sales on the phone and through online demos. We believe the more calls and demos you make, the more sales you make.
Work across multiple sports. Whether its global football or American football, youll know how every team can benefit from video analysis. Understanding our customer personas regardless of sport is extremely important.

At Hudl, we pair Account Executives (who focus on growing acquisition revenue) with Customer Success Managers (who focus on engagement, implementation and renewal revenue). This helps us ensure were growing across all sports, product verticals and locations, in addition to supporting customers journeys with Hudl.
This role requires two days in the office per week, so were only considering candidates who live within a commuting distance of our offices in Lincoln or Omaha Nebraska. 
Must-Haves

Experience. You have at least two years of business-to-business sales experience and have a consistent track record of achievingexceeding goals. 
Motivation. You love to beat your own records, expect the best from yourself, and always want to keep improving.
Organizational skills. You own your territory by mapping out your days with the prospects youre going to contact, and youre comfortable working in a remote environment.

Nice-to-Haves

SaaS experience. If youve spent time selling software-as-a-service, thats a plus.
Knowledgeable about sports. Being an athlete, coach or administrator in club or high school sports isnt necessary but would help you connect with our user base.  
Prior Salesforce usage. We use it for our CRM software, but dont worry if youre not familiar with it yet. 

Our Role

Champion work-life harmony. Well give you the flexibility you need in your work life (e.g., flexible vacation time, company-wide holidays and timeout (meeting-free) days, remote work options and more) so you can enjoy your personal life too.
Guarantee autonomy. We have an open, honest culture and we trust our people from day one. Your team will support you, but youll own your work and have the agency to try new ideas. 
Encourage career growth. Were lifelong learners who encourage professional development. Well give you tons of resources and opportunities to keep growing.
Provide an environment to help you succeed. Weve invested in our offices, designing incredible spaces with our employees in mind. But whether youre at the office or working remotely, well provide you the tech stack and hardware to do your best work.
Support your mental and physical health. We care about our employees wellbeing. Our Employee Assistance Program, employee resource groups and fitness partner Peerfit have you covered.
Cover your medical insurance. We have options to make sure you (and your dependents) are covered. Including vision, dental, fertility healthcare and family forming benefits.
Contribute to your 401(K). Yep, thats free money. Well match up to 4 of your own contribution.

Interview Process

1st Interview: 30-minute call with a recruiter
2nd Interview: 60-minute video call with a Sales Manager 
Project: Will give you an idea of this roles day-to-day responsibilities
Final Interview at our headquarters or via Zoom

60-minute panel with three Sales Managers

Inclusion at Hudl
Hudl is an equal opportunity employer. Through our actions, behaviors and attitude, well create an environment where everyone, no matter their differences, feels like they belong. We offer resources to ensure our employees feel safe bringing their authentic selves to work, including employee resource groups and communities. But we recognize theres ongoing work to be done, which is why we track our efforts and commitments in annual inclusion reports. We also know imposter syndrome is real and the confidence gap can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please dont hesitate to apply—wed love to hear from you.
Privacy Policy
Hudl Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy