Building a team starts with valuing the team. We hire the best of the best to ensure youre working with people you can constantly learn from. Youre trusted to get your work done your way while testing the limits of whats possible and whats next. We work hard to provide a culture where everyone feels supported, and our employees feel it—their votes helped us become one of Newsweeks Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces in 2023.
We also value sports. Not just because of the big wins and highlight-worthy plays, but because of the lasting impact sports can have: the lifelong lessons in teamwork and dedication; the influence of inspiring mentors; the priceless opportunities to play at the next level. Sports can change lives—thats what we value.
Our team helps the world see sports differently through products that make it easier to capture video, analyze data, share highlights and do a lot more.  
Ready to join us?
Hudl is the industry standard when it comes to team performance platforms in the sports world. Our products power athletes and coaches with video and data solutions, and our users range from the Los Angeles Lakers, the Liverpool Football Club and the University of Alabama—plus 99 of all high schools in the US. Hudl might be the biggest sports media property youve never heard of. Finding and creating magical moments—and connecting them with athletes, parents and fans across every community in the country—is the passion of the Hudl Fan team, which includes Hudl Studios, Media Services, and Brand  Media Partnerships.
Were looking for a Brand Sales Partner to join our Fan team. This roles primary responsibility is to seek out new business opportunities across the assigned territory. Youll develop and sell programs that include media, sponsorship and production services for brands.
Must-Haves

Agency media sales experience. You have 5 years of demonstrated success in media sales andor brand partnerships roles, which includes established client-direct and agency contacts in several of the following verticals: techtelco, CPG, retailapparel, auto, andor media  entertainment.
Creative mindset. You proactively plan and reimagine how to support new deals.
Relationship-driven. Youve built relationships with internal and external teams to effectively package and sell media, sponsorships and content to partners, and have maintained those relationships to this day.
Successful. Youve proven you have the ability to access and close business with executive leadership. You present yourself well, and you move fast. 

Nice-to-Haves

Growth mindset. Hudl is scaling quickly, so were looking for people to grow with us.
Expertise at closing deals. You have identified opportunities to sell and have used your negotiation skills to influence decision-makers.
Invested in Hudls growth. You know how to build a pipeline and are self-disciplined to hit your goals. You can negotiate at a high level and keep documentation of multiple deal statuses while also bringing insights from the market back to the team.

Our Role 

Champion work-life harmony. Well give you the flexibility you need in your work life (e.g., flexible vacation time, company-wide holidays and timeout (meeting-free) days, remote work options and more) so you can enjoy your personal life too.
Guarantee autonomy. We have an open, honest culture and we trust our people from day one. Your team will support you, but youll own your work and have the agency to try new ideas. 
Encourage career growth. Were lifelong learners who encourage professional development. Well give you tons of resources and opportunities to keep growing.
Provide an environment to help you succeed. Weve invested in our offices, designing incredible spaces with our employees in mind. But whether youre at the office or working remotely, well provide you the tech stack and hardware to do your best work.
Support your mental and physical health. We care about our employees wellbeing. Our Employee Assistance Program, employee resource groups and fitness partner Peerfit have you covered.
Cover your medical insurance. We have multiple plans to pick from to ensure youll have the coverage you (and your dependents) want, including vision, dental, fertility healthcare and family forming benefits.
Contribute to your 401(K). Yep, thats free money. Well match up to 4 of your own contribution.
Inclusion at Hudl
Hudl is an equal opportunity employer. Through our actions, behaviors and attitude, well create an environment where everyone, no matter their differences, feels like they belong. We offer resources to ensure our employees feel safe bringing their authentic selves to work, including employee resource groups and communities. But we recognize theres ongoing work to be done, which is why we track our efforts and commitments in annual inclusion reports. We also know imposter syndrome is real and the confidence gap can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please dont hesitate to apply—wed love to hear from you.
Privacy Policy
Hudl Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy