Building a team starts with valuing the team. We hire the best of the best to ensure youre working with people you can constantly learn from. Youre trusted to get your work done your way while testing the limits of whats possible and whats next. We work hard to provide a culture where everyone feels supported, and our employees feel it—their votes helped us become one of Newsweeks Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces in 2023.
We also value sports. Not just because of the big wins and highlight-worthy plays, but because of the lasting impact sports can have: the lifelong lessons in teamwork and dedication; the influence of inspiring mentors; the priceless opportunities to play at the next level. Sports can change lives—thats what we value.
Our team helps the world see sports differently through products that make it easier to capture video, analyze data, share highlights and do a lot more.  
Ready to join us?As Director of the Hardware Product Management team, you and your team will help define the future of automated capture for Hudl. To succeed, youll need initiative, resilience, and a customer-first mindset.
The ideal candidate for this role would have a strong track record of shipping software-enabled hardware products and a proven ability to hire and support key product talent. You have an entrepreneurial mindset, effective communication skills and a passion for technology. In addition to developing the roadmap and setting high level strategy, you are also able to roll up your sleeves and help out to get the job done. Youll make your decisions by diving deep into the data whenever possible, but also know when to take calculated leaps of faith.  
Our priority is to hire someone for this role who lives near our office in Lincoln, NE, Omaha, NE, or Boston, MA, but were also open to remote candidates who live in the following states: AL, AZ, FL, GA, ID, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, MA, MI, MN, MO, NE, NH, NC, NV, OH, OK, PA, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, WI, WY.  Candidates wanting to work remotely from other states will not be considered.  
Your Role

Create a product strategy and vision. Youll work with your leadership team to create a coherent product strategy and vision for the hardware product lines, connecting that to the wider company strategy.
Own Hudls hardware roadmap. Our hardware includes cameras, wearables and other accessories. Youll help determine what success looks like for your business unit, team or product, and work across functions and departments to achieve that success.  
Lead continuous improvement. Youll help improve delivery capability and enable the team to scale across a broad surface area.
Foster transformation. Youll strive for a better collaboration between business units, not afraid to challenge the status quo. Youll lead the engineering and design teams in making decisions that balance cost, timeline and customer benefit. Youll also work with the marketing team to develop and support go-to-market plans. 
Advocate for the product. Youll establish mutual respect and trust with each stakeholder, including Hudls senior leadership. Youll develop a deep understanding of our customers and our business needs. Youll motivate and inspire your squad, release team and any others in the company who contribute to the product.

Must-Haves

Experience. You have a bachelors degree in a technical discipline (i.e., engineering or science), and more than five years of experience in product management.
Hardware expertise. Youve worked at an organization that delivers software-enabled hardware products such as wearables and cameras. 
A proven people leader. You have at least two years managing a team of product managers and can coach a high performing team to deliver against the roadmap.  You care deeply about your team and want to help them be successful. Youre a very strong communicator and presenter.  
Cross-functional relationship management. You have experience fostering relationships with cross-functional stakeholders and understand the importance of building strong relationships with product, sales, marketing, support and others. You can get buy-in on your ideas without resorting to command-and-control tactics. 
Creative. You have experience tackling complexity at all levels and can coach and guide teams to consider out of the box solutions.
Naturally curious. You never stop learning—youre eager for knowledge and new ideas, and can show how that improves the way you work. You love building prototypes, testing, learning and evolving.
Pragmatic. You know how to balance the needs of the customer with business goals. You understand business models, forecasts, budgets and can bring it all together for your product line(s).

Nice-to-haves

Related experience. Youve spent time at a high-growth SaaS company, preferably a Series B or Series C company going through rapid growth and change. 
Industry awareness. You pay attention to broader trends in the industry. Youre able to adapt to markettech trends when needed, and can guide your teams to do the same.

Our Role

Champion work-life harmony. Well give you the flexibility you need in your work life (e.g., flexible vacation time, company-wide holidays and timeout (meeting-free) days, remote work options and more) so you can enjoy your personal life too.
Guarantee autonomy. We have an open, honest culture and we trust our people from day one. Your team will support you, but youll own your work and have the agency to try new ideas. 
Encourage career growth. Were lifelong learners who encourage professional development. Well give you tons of resources and opportunities to keep growing.
Provide an environment to help you succeed. Weve invested in our offices, designing incredible spaces with our employees in mind. But whether youre at the office or working remotely, well provide you the tech stack and hardware to do your best work.
Support your mental and physical health. We care about our employees wellbeing. Our Employee Assistance Program, employee resource groups and fitness partner Peerfit have you covered.
Cover your medical insurance. We have multiple plans to pick from to ensure youll have the coverage you (and your dependents) want, including vision, dental, fertility healthcare and family forming benefits.
Contribute to your 401(K). Yep, thats free money. Well match up to 4 of your own contribution.
Inclusion at Hudl
Hudl is an equal opportunity employer. Through our actions, behaviors and attitude, well create an environment where everyone, no matter their differences, feels like they belong. We offer resources to ensure our employees feel safe bringing their authentic selves to work, including employee resource groups and communities. But we recognize theres ongoing work to be done, which is why we track our efforts and commitments in annual inclusion reports. We also know imposter syndrome is real and the confidence gap can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please dont hesitate to apply—wed love to hear from you.
Privacy Policy
Hudl Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy