Building a team starts with valuing the team. We hire the best of the best to ensure youre working with people you can constantly learn from. Youre trusted to get your work done your way while testing the limits of whats possible and whats next. We work hard to provide a culture where everyone feels supported, and our employees feel it—their votes helped us become one of Newsweeks Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces in 2023.
We also value sports. Not just because of the big wins and highlight-worthy plays, but because of the lasting impact sports can have: the lifelong lessons in teamwork and dedication; the influence of inspiring mentors; the priceless opportunities to play at the next level. Sports can change lives—thats what we value.
Our team helps the world see sports differently through products that make it easier to capture video, analyze data, share highlights and do a lot more.  
Ready to join us?
Your Role
Were looking for a Lead Data Engineer to join our Data Quality  Infrastructure (DQI) team. Join us in shaping a culture where data is at everyones fingertips, quickly and intuitively. We currently support a 100TB data warehouse used by hundreds of people to make mission-critical decisions for our products and business. Well lean on your experience to guide projects that scale our systems and make data analysis more efficient across the company.
Wed like to hire someone for this role who lives near our office in Nebraska and Lexington, but were also open to remote candidates in Boston, Phoenix, Kansas City, Chicago, Austin or Dallas.
Must-Haves

Technical backbone. To keep our ETL pipelines and data platform running smoothly, we need someone with at least seven years of experience using Python and AWS data services, like: DMS, Glue, Spectrum, Athena, RDS, DocumentDB and Redshift. We also use Airflow and Lambda, as well as designing and maintaining our own infrastructure as code (TerraformTerragruntCodePipeline).
Problem-solving skills. You understand that finding solutions is a team effort and will help support other Engineers learn and develop.
Translation tactics. You translate real-world problems into elegant code solutions.
Leadership experience. Youll set an example for others in planning, designing and delivering complex projects, while being the go-to person for all technical matters.
Communication skills. Youre always ready to fine-tune your style depending on the interaction, and youre skilled at connecting with stakeholders from all areas of the company.

Nice-to-Haves

Collaborative. One of the Scrum ceremonies you appreciate most is proactively and thoughtfully creating tickets for the teams backlog.
Hudl knowledge. Youll work on Hudls innovative data platform, which helps our users find and use our vast library of data to stay ahead of the competition.
Comfortable with ownership. Youll work in an autonomous squad that has the freedom and expertise to deliver the best solution.

Our Role

Champion work-life harmony. Well give you the flexibility you need in your work life (e.g., flexible vacation time, company-wide holidays and timeout (meeting-free) days, remote work options and more) so you can enjoy your personal life too.
Guarantee autonomy. We have an open, honest culture and we trust our people from day one. Your team will support you, but youll own your work and have the agency to try new ideas. 
Encourage career growth. Were lifelong learners who encourage professional development. Well give you tons of resources and opportunities to keep growing.
Provide an environment to help you succeed. Weve invested in our offices, designing incredible spaces with our employees in mind. But whether youre at the office or working remotely, well provide you the tech stack and hardware to do your best work.
Support your mental and physical health. We care about our employees wellbeing. Our Employee Assistance Program, employee resource groups and fitness partner Peerfit have you covered.
Cover your medical insurance. We have multiple plans to pick from to ensure youll have the coverage you (and your dependents) want, including vision, dental, fertility healthcare and family forming benefits.
Contribute to your 401(K). Yep, thats free money. Well match up to 4 of your own contribution.
Inclusion at Hudl
Hudl is an equal opportunity employer. Through our actions, behaviors and attitude, well create an environment where everyone, no matter their differences, feels like they belong. We offer resources to ensure our employees feel safe bringing their authentic selves to work, including employee resource groups and communities. But we recognize theres ongoing work to be done, which is why we track our efforts and commitments in annual inclusion reports. We also know imposter syndrome is real and the confidence gap can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please dont hesitate to apply—wed love to hear from you.
Privacy Policy
Hudl Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy