Building a team starts with valuing the team. We hire the best of the best to ensure youre working with people you can constantly learn from. Youre trusted to get your work done your way while testing the limits of whats possible and whats next. We work hard to provide a culture where everyone feels supported, and our employees feel it—their votes helped us become one of Newsweeks Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces in 2023.
We also value sports. Not just because of the big wins and highlight-worthy plays, but because of the lasting impact sports can have: the lifelong lessons in teamwork and dedication; the influence of inspiring mentors; the priceless opportunities to play at the next level. Sports can change lives—thats what we value.
Our team helps the world see sports differently through products that make it easier to capture video, analyze data, share highlights and do a lot more.  
Ready to join us?
Your Role
Were looking for a Senior Quality Assurance Manager to join our Hardware business unit, which delivers two of our most innovative products: WIMU  Hudl Focus. Youll be hands-on, playing a key role in managing incidents and triaging defects. In time, youll also manage both the camera and wearables QA teams, and be the technical reference for solving our most difficult challenges to achieve best-in-class performance and quality. 
This role will be the face of the team for manufacturing partners and internal stakeholders. Youll connect, review and collaborate on their design solutions and qualification plans, which will occasionally include traveling to other Hudl offices and visiting supply, development and manufacturing partners.
For this role, were currently considering candidates who live within a commuting distance of our offices in Den Bosch. But with our flexible work policy, there arent any current requirements for the number of days you come to the office.
Must-Haves

Experience in testing both hardware and firmware. You consider yourself an expert, especially in automation using emulators andor hardware-in-the-loop.Strong leadership skills. You know people are our number one resource, and have a track record of supporting and developing those around you.Know-how in defining and improving processes. You have a keen eye for improving efficiency and are always on the lookout for ways to further streamline how we work.

Nice-to-Haves

Experience working with external supply and manufacturing partners. Youre comfortable representing Hudl to third parties.
Similar product experience. Youve worked on development and delivery of wearables or related products.

Our Role

Champion work-life harmony. Well give you the flexibility you need in your work life (e.g., flexible vacation time, company-wide holidays and timeout (meeting-free) days, remote work options and more) so you can enjoy your personal life too.
Guarantee autonomy. We have an open, honest culture and we trust our people from day one. Your team will support you, but youll own your work and have the agency to try new ideas. 
Encourage career growth. Were lifelong learners who encourage professional development. Well give you tons of resources and opportunities to keep growing.
Provide an environment to help you succeed. Weve invested in our offices, designing incredible spaces with our employees in mind. But whether youre at the office or working remotely, well provide you the tech stack and hardware to do your best work.
Support your mental and physical health. We care about our employees wellbeing. Our Employee Assistance Program, employee resource groups and fitness partner Peerfit have you covered.
Cover your medical insurance. We have multiple plans to pick from to ensure youll have the coverage you (and your dependents) want, including vision, dental, fertility healthcare and family forming benefits.
Contribute to your 401(K). Yep, thats free money. Well match up to 4 of your own contribution.
Inclusion at Hudl
Hudl is an equal opportunity employer. Through our actions, behaviors and attitude, well create an environment where everyone, no matter their differences, feels like they belong. We offer resources to ensure our employees feel safe bringing their authentic selves to work, including employee resource groups and communities. But we recognize theres ongoing work to be done, which is why we track our efforts and commitments in annual inclusion reports. We also know imposter syndrome is real and the confidence gap can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please dont hesitate to apply—wed love to hear from you.
Privacy Policy
Hudl Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy