Building a team starts with valuing the team. We hire the best of the best to ensure youre working with people you can constantly learn from. Youre trusted to get your work done your way while testing the limits of whats possible and whats next. We work hard to provide a culture where everyone feels supported, and our employees feel it—their votes helped us become one of Newsweeks Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces in 2023.
We also value sports. Not just because of the big wins and highlight-worthy plays, but because of the lasting impact sports can have: the lifelong lessons in teamwork and dedication; the influence of inspiring mentors; the priceless opportunities to play at the next level. Sports can change lives—thats what we value.
Our team helps the world see sports differently through products that make it easier to capture video, analyze data, share highlights and do a lot more.  
Ready to join us?
Your Role
Are you ready to take your coding to the next level? Were looking for Software Engineering interns to join us in Lexington, KY for the summer of 2024. Youll work alongside a team of Hudlies on projects like: supporting and designing the next iteration of our platform for coaches, athletes and fans; an overhaul of our microservices architecture; or building cutting-edge tools for sports analysts. Youll work together with full-time employees to solve problems and make life better for our users, while also receiving mentorship by seasoned developers to help you improve your skills. 
Our priority is to hire interns who are already based in Lexington, KY or go to school in the area. We are not open to out-of-state students relocating to Lexington for this role.  
Must-Haves

A current student. We welcome degree-seeking students in computer science, software engineering or computer engineering to join our team.
Excited. Youre eager to gain experience by shipping code to production in a fast-paced environment. (Yeah, production.)

Nice-to-Haves

Full-stack web applications. Youll likely be working in C  .NET and Javascript  React in this role. It can help if you have experience using these technologies.
Passionate. You take pride in your course projects, side projects andor open source contributions.
Innovative. You hate the idea of being a cog in the machine—you want to own your features.

Our Role

Ask you to make an impact. Youre part of the team—that means youll have real responsibilities. We want to hear what you think and see what you can do.
Provide an environment to help you succeed. Weve invested in our offices, designing incredible spaces with our employees in mind. But even if youre taking advantage of the opportunity to work remotely, well provide you the tech you need to do your best work.
Develop your career. On top of working alongside some of the best professionals in the business and gaining real-world experience, well give you extra opportunities like lunch-and-learns and access to curated libraries to round out your internship.
Support your wellbeing. Youll have an entire team on your side to give advice and provide answers to your questions, plus more resources like topic-specific Slack channels and employee resource groups. In short, we have you covered.
Inclusion at Hudl
Hudl is an equal opportunity employer. Through our actions, behaviors and attitude, well create an environment where everyone, no matter their differences, feels like they belong. We offer resources to ensure our employees feel safe bringing their authentic selves to work, including employee resource groups and communities. But we recognize theres ongoing work to be done, which is why we track our efforts and commitments in annual inclusion reports. We also know imposter syndrome is real and the confidence gap can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please dont hesitate to apply—wed love to hear from you.
Privacy Policy
Hudl Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy