Building a team starts with valuing the team. We hire the best of the best to ensure youre working with people you can constantly learn from. Youre trusted to get your work done your way while testing the limits of whats possible and whats next. We work hard to provide a culture where everyone feels supported, and our employees feel it—their votes helped us become one of Newsweeks Top 100 Global Most Loved Workplaces in 2023.
We also value sports. Not just because of the big wins and highlight-worthy plays, but because of the lasting impact sports can have: the lifelong lessons in teamwork and dedication; the influence of inspiring mentors; the priceless opportunities to play at the next level. Sports can change lives—thats what we value.
Our team helps the world see sports differently through products that make it easier to capture video, analyze data, share highlights and do a lot more.  
Ready to join us?
Your Role
Were looking for a Senior Web Developer to join our in-house marketing agency. This role is responsible for driving the design, implementation, optimization and maintenance of Hudls customer-facing web properties, and for providing technical guidance to the marketing team.
Youll primarily work on building and maintaining customer journeys implemented within our content management system (CraftCMS) using HTML, CSS, Javascript and Twig, but with opportunities for working in other stacks as needed. Through close collaboration with our brand designers, content producers and marketing managers, youll: plan and implement site architecture and UXUI changes; administer general updates; create landing pages; conduct audits for bug fixes and address them; and support various marketing campaigns. Youll also track and report on site metrics, and be responsible for providing recommendations that improve the overall customer experience and increase conversion ratesFor this role, were currently considering candidates who live within a commuting distance of our office in Lincoln, NE. But with our flexible work policy, there arent any current requirements for the number of days you come to the office.
Must-Haves

Experienced. Youve spent 5 years planning and executing front and backend web projects.
Knowledgeable. You understand fundamental web standards and technologies (not just frameworks!) and know how to apply them to problems. You have expert proficiency with HTML and CSS, and have demonstrated experience writing modern javascript for the browser.
Attention to detail—both technical and visual. You know the details matter! You have experience building responsive layouts based on mockups from a designer.
Business-savvy. Youre comfortable pushing back when the business side makes unrealistic requests, and understand how to align technical details with business goals.
Organized. Documentation and knowledge-sharing is a primary function of this role.
Analytical. No decision is purely subjective. You provide data for your solutions.

Nice-to-Haves

Familiar with content management systems. You understand the concepts and processes required to manage a large content managed website.
Experience with internationalization on the web. Hudl is a global business and our website needs to serve a global customer. Past experience with localization processes and best practices is a plus.
Web development in an advertisingmarketing context. Attention to the visual experience and brand consistency is key. Youre probably not a designer, but you can easily create new work based on an existing look-and-feel.

Our Role

Champion work-life harmony. Well give you the flexibility you need in your work life (e.g., flexible vacation time, company-wide holidays and timeout (meeting-free) days, remote work options and more) so you can enjoy your personal life too.
Guarantee autonomy. We have an open, honest culture and we trust our people from day one. Your team will support you, but youll own your work and have the agency to try new ideas. 
Encourage career growth. Were lifelong learners who encourage professional development. Well give you tons of resources and opportunities to keep growing.
Provide an environment to help you succeed. Weve invested in our offices, designing incredible spaces with our employees in mind. But whether youre at the office or working remotely, well provide you the tech stack and hardware to do your best work.
Support your mental and physical health. We care about our employees wellbeing. Our Employee Assistance Program, employee resource groups and fitness partner Peerfit have you covered.
Cover your medical insurance. We have multiple plans to pick from to ensure youll have the coverage you (and your dependents) want, including vision, dental, fertility healthcare and family forming benefits.
Contribute to your 401(K). Yep, thats free money. Well match up to 4 of your own contribution.
Inclusion at Hudl
Hudl is an equal opportunity employer. Through our actions, behaviors and attitude, well create an environment where everyone, no matter their differences, feels like they belong. We offer resources to ensure our employees feel safe bringing their authentic selves to work, including employee resource groups and communities. But we recognize theres ongoing work to be done, which is why we track our efforts and commitments in annual inclusion reports. We also know imposter syndrome is real and the confidence gap can get in the way of meeting spectacular candidates. Please dont hesitate to apply—wed love to hear from you.
Privacy Policy
Hudl Applicant and Candidate Privacy Policy