Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
Humanes System Software team enables on-device experiences to take full advantage of our hardware capabilities. We collaborate with internal and external partners in a high-leverage environment that enables us to spend a majority of our time developing solutions that are unique to our hardware, sensors, algorithms, and interaction models. If you enjoy solving complex, interdisciplinary problems with a world-class team, wed love to hear from you!
2024 Internship Program Dates: MayJune-AugustSeptember 2024. Final dates based on student schedule.
Application Deadline: Friday, Sept 22, 2023
What You Might Do

Learn what its like to be a part of a world-class embedded software team building a first-of-its-kind product in a startup environment
Develop low-level driver and framework software in C and C
Develop device-focused infrastructure software in Python
Build automation tools (maybe even a robot) to test our hardware platform in repeatable ways
Debug issues at the interface between hardware and software
Optimize software for better performance and lower power consumption
Collaborate in the software engineering process with documentation, testing, and code review
Work on wireless software development, for specific device applications and use-cases

Essential Qualifications 

Pursuing a Bachelors or Masters in Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or similar field
Experience in at least one of the following programming languages: C, C, or Python
At least one prior course project, internship, or research project that demonstrates your programming skills

Preferred Skills

Familiarity with modern C
Experience with Android development, especially native apps or AOSP
Experience with Linux Kernel driver development
Experience porting reference algorithms to hardware accelerators (GPU, DSP, etc)
Familiarity with ARM System-on-Chip (SOC) architecture
Experience developing bare-metal firmware for microcontrollers
Ability to use common lab equipment (eg, logic analyzers) to debug low-level SW issues

Salary range: 45 - 48per hour
Application Deadline: Sept 22, 2023Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.