Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
Humanes System Software team is responsible for firmware, operating system software, hardware-accelerated algorithms, and core developer frameworks supporting our products.  We serve as the glue between our hardware teams and our higher-level software teams, and delight in finding creative solutions to complex, interdisciplinary problems as we bring our product visions to life.
As a lead firmware engineer on our team, you will lead the firmware development effort for low-power embedded microcontrollers that  coordinate sensors, ensure security and privacy, manage power systems, and more.  You will have plenty of opportunity to develop and grow your  leadership skills as you coordinate development efforts with software engineers, vendors, and our manufacturing partners.
What You Might Do

Lead architecture definition and design for firmware projects
Participate in system level design with hardware and design teams
Take responsibility for defining projects and collaborating with external partners
Apply best practices for firmware development, test, and deployment
Develop firmware for microcontrollers in our prototypes and products
Bring up and debug new hardware in the lab

Essential Qualifications 

10 years experience developing firmware for embedded microcontrollers
Demonstrated technical leadership in bringing new products to market
Experience in firmware design and architecture
Familiarity with a broad range of sensors, peripherals, and PMICs, and communication buses
Passionate about minimizing power consumption in embedded systems
Proficient in CC
Ability to collaborate in a psychologically safe and healthy team environment

Preferred Skills

Comfortable with hardware debugging tools and techniques
Demonstrated experience designing software for complex systems and low power devices
Experience as a team lead responsible for coordinating software development through multiple design cycles
Demonstrated ability to work cross functionally with hardware, design, and program management teams
Proficiency with  STM32, Cypress PSoC, or Nordic architectures
Experience designing and developing linux device drivers and application software
Experience with preemptive multitasking RTOSes
Power management experience

Salary Range: 190,000 - 250,000Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.