Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
Join the Humane Product Security Team to create something the world has never seen before. We are attempting something impactful, innovating at the deepest levels of hardware and going big with a service that will compel users to experience computing in a new way. Security is a key component of our product and is absolutely integral to our success.
You design solutions that balance security with user experience to provide the best of both worlds to end users that value both. You understand that doing your job amazingly well means that the users dont have to care about security  youve already made their lives better and protected them in an online world. You will create technology that maintains the trust that Humane promises to our users. You will be the technical lead of a group of fantastic engineers, mentoring them while providing expert insight. You will need a holistic understanding of hardware, software, client, server, cloud, protocols, infrastructure, user experience and more to make well-informed decisions on security architecture. You will have fun at a dynamic company with a deep commitment to product.
What You Might Do

Work cross-functionally across design, hardware, system software, services software, infrastructure and other teams to design the right security systems for the right user experiences.
Define security protocols needed for device, user and service authentication and authorization.
Design and write code: CC, Java, Python and more
Keep up to date on changes to security technologies and hacking activities in order to keep Humanes products ahead of the curve with regard to security threats.
Constantly analyze Humanes product security stance to address current and future security issues.

Essential Qualifications

Security protocol experience (TLS, OAuth, etc.)
Understanding of cryptography, protocols, authentication, authorization and security vulnerabilities
Software engineering experience in multiple languages from system level coding to scalable server side  infrastructure
Secure coding knowledge

Essential Attributes

Proactive approach to product development  you see a need and you jump in to make it happen
Comfortable working in a highly cross-functional role
Self-directed, selfless and mature
Great communication skills
Confident in your opinions and not threatened when challenged
Open to feedback and modest enough to admit when youre wrong
Growth mindset  youll be learning every day
Know how to work independently and when to ask for input

Preferred Skills

Cloud  CloudSec experience
Hardware security understanding (secure boot, secure update, HSMs, secure enclave, TEEs, etc.)
Familiarity with machine learning
Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.