Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
We are seeking a creative, passionate and experienced Senior System Integrator to join Humanes team of talented engineers. Our ideal candidate will have a strong background in electrical engineering, paired with proven leadership abilities. Your primary role will be to  design and develop electrical systems and products while ensuring the highest levels of quality and efficiency.
Humanes Electrical Engineering (EE) team works cross-functionally with our accomplished teams in Design, Software, Wireless, Program management, and Operations to deliver boundary-pushing, cutting-edge products like Ai Pin and more.
What You Will Do 

Oversee electrical design throughout a product design cycle, delivering results on-time. 
Responsible for electrical architecture, component selection, design and integration, validation, and manufacturing support.
Work with internal cross-functional teams to successfully bring products to market.
Present project status to cross-functional leaders and executive team. 
Identify emerging technologies that will unlock new user experiences and features.
Contribute to the product roadmap with cross functional partners.

Essential Qualifications

7 years of experience shipping high volume consumer electronics products, preferably with cellular connectivity. 
Experience designing space-constrained and power-constrained products with microprocessors and Systems-on-a-Chip (SoCs).
Experience with I2C, SPI, UART, USB, MIPI, DSI communication protocols.
Experience designing system and development PCBs, flexes, and modules from concept to production, and executing board-level validation.
Experience with schematic capture and circuit board layout design tools.
Hands-on experience working with EE lab equipment for measuring system performance.
Experience working with overseas CMsJDMs to design and manufacture products.
Ability to drive tasks independently and escalate and communicate issues and needs clearly.
Excellent organizational and communication skills, and experience presenting to senior leadership teams.

Preferred Skills

Experience working on cellular-connected wearable devices.
Experience with System-in-Package (SiP) design and manufacturing.
Experience developing and delivering a new technology or sensor to market. 
Passionate about working on highly creative, fast-paced, and collaborative teams alongside Wireless Engineers, Product Design Engineers, Software Engineers, and IDUX Designers
Ability to travel to factories to support builds.
Ability to speak Mandarin is a plus.

Salary Range:  165,000 - 220,000Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.