Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
Humane is seeking an intern to join our Supplier Quality Engineering Team. This role will primarily focus on dealing with all issues related to process and product quality at Humane suppliers including metal, brittle materials, electrical components and Micro-Electromechanical Systems (MEMS). 
What You Might Do

Work with product design team, technical experts, and suppliers to quickly identify and resolve technical and operational issues.
Perform process capability and GRR studies. 
Serve as liaison between different nodes in the supply chain and perform correlation analysis between the nodes. 
Some of the projects will include identifying issues with some of the field returns and work to implement corrective actions. 
Track issues list and close out actions in a timely manner. 
Work on the assigned specialized intern project in addition to the above activities. 

Essential Qualifications

Pursuing a Bachelors or Masters in Mechanical, Material, or Data Science engineering or other related fields
Theoretical knowledgeexperience with Statistical Process Control (SPC) and Gauge Repeatability  Reproducibility (GRR). 

Preferred Skills

Ability to speak or understand Mandarin
Experience with JMPMinitab
Experience with GDT, python

Salary range: 45 - 48per hour
About the The Crew Internship Program

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
The Crew Internship Program is currently only offered during the summer. 
Minimum of 12 weeks required. Program Dates are:

May 6th - July 26th
May 20th - August 9th
June 3rd - August 23rd
June 17th - Sept 6th


Eligibility: students graduating before September 2024 are not eligible for The Crew Internship Program.
Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.