Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
Join the Humane Security Team to create something the world has never seen before. We are attempting something impactful, innovating at the deepest levels of hardware and going big with a service that will compel users to experience computing in a new way. Privacy and security are table stakes for our product and absolutely integral to our success.
You design and implement scalable, cloud based services that enable best-in-class, reliable user experiences. You balance privacy  security with user experience. You build infrastructure that can support anywhere from 10 to 10 million concurrent users! You will create technology that maintains the trust that Humane promises to our users. You will have fun at a dynamic company with a deep commitment to product.
What You Might Do

Design and write code, primarily in Java
Build security infrastructure needed to provide privacy and security features (key management system, crypto service, privacy services, etc.)
Build privacy and security focused user experiences with teams across the company, including image capture, computer vision, machine learning, system software and more
Proactively engage the user in security and data privacy decisions in managing their own personal data

Essential Qualifications

Software engineering experience in the cloud
Deep understanding of networking
Breadth of experience in product development and a holistic approach to problem solving
Ability to deal with the chaos, ambiguity and excitement that comes with a 0-1 Startup company with an ambitious product
Deep understanding of cryptography, security and privacy

Essential Attributes

Proactive approach to product development  you see a need and you jump in to make it happen
Comfortable working in a highly cross-functional role
Self-directed, selfless and mature
Great communication skills
Confident in your opinions and not threatened when challenged
Open to feedback and modest enough to admit when youre wrong
Know how to work independently and when to ask for input

Preferred Skills

Security protocol familiarity (TLS, OAuth, etc.)
Background in network protocols
Familiarity with multiple cloud providers (AWS, Azure, Google Cloud)

Salary range: 185,000 - 266,000Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.