Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
Humanes Radio Frequency (RF) Team works cross-functionally with system integration, hardware, software, product design, industrial design, program management, and operations to deliver a successful product to market. As a RF Intern on the team, you will support the product from concept to production.
What You Might Do

Design and architect RF subsystems including desense, coexistence and OTA architecture
Plan validation of your designs: lead functional verification and system coexistence testing using automated scripts
Define RF system level link budget
Bring your design to mass production by setting factory test requirements, developing factory test fixtures and platforms, assisting in software bring up, visit on-site to the manufacturer

Essential Qualifications 

Pursuing a Bachelors or Masters degree in Electrical Engineering, Computer and Electrical Engineering
Strong EE, RF and Antenna fundamentals
RF, Electromagnetics and antenna coursework
Experience working with lab equipment such as spectrum analyzers and VNAs for validation, hands-on prototyping and design 
Experience with scripting (Python, C etc)

Preferred Skills

Hands-on research experience in EERF lab
Experience shipping high volume consumer electronics products
A desire to work in a collaborative environment where honesty and accountability are paramount
Ability to drive tasks independently and escalate and communicate issues and needs clearly

Salary range: 45 - 48per hour
About the The Crew Internship Program

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
The Crew Internship Program is currently only offered during the summer. 
Minimum of 12 weeks required. Program Dates are:

May 6th - July 26th
May 20th - August 9th
June 3rd - August 23rd
June 17th - Sept 6th


Eligibility: students graduating before September 2024 are not eligible for The Crew Internship Program.
Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.