Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
Humanes Global Supply Chain Management Team oversees end-to-end sourcing strategies across all commodities. We collaborate closely with suppliers and CMJDM partners to implement stable supply chain processes. The role will support all sectors of Humanes supply chain operations; Electrical Engineering, Electro-Mechanical and Mechanical. You will have the opportunity to work closely with cross-functional teams and gain hands-on experience in various aspects of product development and global supply chain. 
What You Might Do

Lead an assessment on a new technology and assist in the RFQRFP process. 
Identify opportunities for process improvement strategies to enhance efficiency and reduce costs. 
Collaborate closely with teams across the organization, including operations, engineering, product design and program management to align supply chain strategies and business objectives. 
Develop relationships with suppliers and CMJDM partners. 
Support material procurement and inventory management activities. 
Shadow supplier contract negotiations and support agreement execution strategies. 
Collect, analyze supply chain performance data, and drive improvement or corrective actions to improve supply chain management.
Analyze spend data by supplier to identify cost improvement opportunities and drive GSMs to actualize the reductions. 

Essential Qualifications 

Pursuing a Bachelors or Masters in Business Administration, Supply Chain Management or Industrial Engineering.  
Strong analytical and problem solving skills. 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 
Be driven, organized, and detail oriented.

Preferred Skills

Hands-on experience in supply chain management. 
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel and other data analysis tools. 
Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team.
Eagerness to learn and adapt in a fast-paced, global environment. 
Ability to speak Mandarin is a plus. 

Salary range: 45 - 48per hour
About the The Crew Internship Program

The Crew Internship Program is currently only offered during the summer. 
Minimum of 12 weeks required. Program Dates are:

May 6th - July 26th
May 20th - August 9th
June 3rd - August 23rd
June 17th - Sept 6th


Eligibility: students graduating before September 2024 are not eligible for The Crew Internship Program.
Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.