Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
Humanes System Software team is responsible for firmware, operating system software, hardware-accelerated algorithms, and core developer frameworks supporting our products.  We serve as the glue between our hardware teams and our higher-level software teams, and delight in finding creative solutions to complex, interdisciplinary problems as we bring our product visions to life.
As a senior software engineer on this team, you will design and implement core OS components for prototypes and products. You will be responsible for pushing the capabilities of the product by delivering highly performant code. You will collaborate closely with firmware, machine learning, and computer vision teams to enable one-of-a-kind user experiences.
What You Might Do

Develop on-device algorithms using hardware accelerators
Design core system services such as IPC and sensor processing pipelines
Optimize performance and power consumption across all aspects of the OS
Coordinate multiple peripheral sensor data input streams with algorithms and applications

Essential Qualifications 

5 years experience developing C code for embedded platforms
Familiarity with benchmarking and testing tools on Android or embedded Linux
Ability to collaborate in a psychologically safe and healthy team environment

Preferred Skills

Experience optimizing code for hardware accelerators (DSP, GPU) 
Experience with the Android NDK, OpenGL, or Vulkan
Experience developing end-to-end features from kernel drivers through framework APIs
Working understanding of the lifetime of a pixel from camera input to algorithm or display output

Salary Range: 185,000 - 235,000Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.