Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
Humanes Computer Vision Team is responsible for key technologies enabling our new class of mobile device and services. We work with Software Engineering teams to create groundbreaking new experiences and are at the center of Humanes push toward the next shift between humans and computing. Our work spans on-device models and algorithms tuned for size to massive scale distributed cloud systems. We value creative thinking, deep understanding, resourceful use of existing technologies, and a drive to ship something new and unique.
What You Might Do

Lead design of scalable and innovative solutions to challenging problems related to 3D reconstruction and image understanding
Lead power and execution time optimization for core algorithms running on edge devices
Lead system design for solutions involving edge devices and cloud service interactions
Define and execute massive scale model training and validation workflows

Essential Qualifications

6 years of professional experience in computer vision 

Preferred Skills

Experience working with C, C, OpenCV, OpenGL, or Python
Strong foundation in 3D geometry, linear algebra, kinematics, and optimization
Experience in one or more of the following areas: sensor calibration, computer vision system design, computational photography, digital image processing
Experience with modern machine learning algorithms for scene segmentation, object detection and tracking
Proven track record of building and shipping consumer products end-to-end
Experience with deep learning toolkits
Experience designing and implementing high-performance computer vision systems in compute-constrained environments
Ability to drive tasks independently and to escalate and clearly communicate issues and needs clearly
Ability to create innovative solutions for hard problems

Salary range: 185,000 - 235,000Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.