Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
Humanes Device Experiences  Platform software team is responsible for developing unique experiences and frameworks powering a new class of mobile device. We do this by working closely with our Design, System Software, Computer Vision, and Cloud Services teams to enable first-of-their-kind user experiences for our reimagined computing platform. In this role, you will have the opportunity to drive key feature development to create intuitive, reliable, and highly performant experiences that are truly transformative.
What You Might Do

Collaborate and partner closely with our Design team to bring ground breaking interactions and experiences to life
Work alongside our System Software team to tightly integrate and customize our usage of Android OS (AOSP)
Drive tasks independently, solve challenging problems, and communicate issues and needs clearly
Build new interaction models, connecting unique sensors to application-level frameworks
Integrate cutting edge services and frameworks including AI, machine learning and computer vision
Implement protocols for efficient communication across processes on a mobile device

Essential Qualifications

5 years professional software development experience
Strong object-oriented design and programming skills
Excellent application architecture or framework design skills
Experience using, customizing, and integrating tightly with Android system frameworks
Experience shipping consumer software from start to finish
Experience developing software for mobile devices
Strong communication skills and desire to work in a highly collaborative environment

Salary range: 185,000 - 235,000Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.