Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
As an intern on the Device Automation Software team, you will work with the hardware and software teams to build scalable automated testing to support Humanes mission to reimagine computing. You will write and automate test plans, build physical and virtual test fixtures, and improve the software test infrastructure by writing tools and bringing infrastructure improvements to existing workflows.
What You Might Do

Contribute to Humanes device automation framework to enable automation of low low level android system code and high level android application code
Contribute to existing javapython libraries to create new testing infrastructure
Set up dashboards for reporting automated test results
Create automated test fixtures for testing hardware devices

Essential Qualifications 

Pursuing a Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science andor related engineering fields
Programming experience in Python, CC, andor Java
Experience with Git or other SCM tools
Familiarity with Linux, or another Unix like operating system

Preferred Skills

Knowledge of one or more continuous integration pipeline software products such as Jenkins, Github Actions, CircleCI, etc
Knowledge of Android test frameworks such as the Android ACTS tooling
Knowledge of electronics and embedded systems
Ability to read schematics

Pay Range: 45-48hour
About the The Crew Internship Program

Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis.
The Crew Internship Program is currently only offered during the summer. 
Minimum of 12 weeks required. Program Dates are:

May 6th - July 26th
May 20th - August 9th
June 3rd - August 23rd
June 17th - Sept 6th


Eligibility: students graduating before September 2024 are not eligible for The Crew Internship Program.
Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.