Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
Humane Finance is growing, and we hope that you consider joining us in building the BEYOND. You will report directly to our Accounting Manager to support accurate and timely financial reports and statements. In this role you will assist with various aspects of the accounting function (accounts payable, GL and monthly close) and will work with leaders within all corporate functions to ensure adherence to appropriate internal control procedures.
What You Might Do

Primary areas of focus will include accounts payable, cash, fixed assets and related transactions
Work closely with cross functional teams to support the full purchasing function 
Month and quarter end close activities, including preparation of monthly journal entries, Use Tax Accruals and bank reconciliations
Assist in the daily activities of accounting and financial operations.
Assist in maintaining and enhancing internal controls, policies, and procedures
Provide responses and support for departmental inquiries and ad-hoc analysis
Support accounting teams commitment to timely and accurate processing of accounting transactions in accordance with US GAAP and the Companys internal controls.
Proactively identify issues and implement process improvements to streamline processes

Essential Qualifications 

BABS in Accounting 
2 years of relevant accounting experience
Knowledge of GAAP
Strong Excel skills
Attention to detail, with the capacity to work independently
Strong analytical skills
The ability to prioritize and function effectively with strict timelines
A keen sense of ethical principles, with a sense of urgency and commitment
Strong organization and project management skills.

Preferred Skills

Experience with NetSuite and bill.com preferred
Experience working in a rapidly growing technology (HardwareSoftware) company
Experience in working in a Start-Up environment a plus

Salary Range: 85,000 - 107,500Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.