Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.Who We Are 
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.
About The Role
Humanes Wireless Engineering team works cross-functionally with electrical engineering, software, product design, industrial design, program management, and operations to deliver a successful product to market. As a Senior Wireless Systems Engineer, Performance on our team, you will be responsible for the planning, development and execution of wireless performance characterization, with a focus on protocol and RF. You will be working with novel implementations of Cellular, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and GNSS, among other technologies. You will also have the opportunity to develop leadership skills as you coordinate development and test efforts with vendors, consultants, and manufacturing partners.
What You Might Do

Responsible for conducting network testing, lab and field testing, interoperability testing, power  performance  regression  stability testing through a product design cycle
Perform failure and root cause analysis, work with silicon vendors and cross functional teams on implementing mitigation in hardware and software
Organize and complete system bring-up, including supporting device manufacturing and associated test and validation efforts
Review carrier, network, and industry requirements against chipset capabilities to develop and execute test plans for associated technologies
Build and maintain test systems, including development automated testing capabilities
Work with an internal cross-functional team and external JDMCM to successfully bring wireless products to market

Essential Qualifications

5 years of experience shipping high volume consumer electronics products with multiple wireless communication technologies
2 years of experience working with cellular technologies
Knowledge of radio standards (i.e. 3GPP 5G-NR, LTE-A, WCDMA, IEEE 802.11, Bluetooth), associated protocols, and experience with carrier and industry certifications for relevant wireless communication technologies
Scripting skills in any of the following: Python, Shell, JavaScript, Ruby, Perl
Hands-on experience working with lab equipment for measuring system performance, (i.e. protocol testers and analyzers, one-box testers, call-box testers, network signal analyzers)
Ability to collaborate in a team environment

Preferred Skills

Familiarity with SoC and modem system architecture
Familiarity with networking and edgecloud computing concepts, associated optimization for bandwidth, latency, and power
Experience with design, implementation, bring-up, debug, and troubleshooting of modemRF subsystems
Experience working with telecom carriers on cellular certification and GCFPTCRB
Experience with Protocol, RF, Telephony, IMS, and OTA testing
Experience with Android Open Source Project, specifically connection manager and radio interface layer
Experience with collecting diagnostics reports, log analysis, report preparation
Ability to drive tasks independently and communicate issuesroot-cause analysis clearly
Experience presenting to senior leadership

Salary Range: 185,000-235,000Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.