Who We Are
Humane is a team of proven industry experts who have invented, built, and shipped category-defining hardware and software products to billions of people across the globe. Were known for building the audacious, ambitious, and the impossible, and were doing it again. Our vision for the next shift between humans and computing requires innovation across multiple emerging technologies in hardware and software, from devices to cloud services.About The Role
As a Hardware Manager for Consumer Devices, you will be responsible for overseeing the design, development, and production of hardware components and systems for consumer electronic products. You will lead a team of hardware engineers, coordinate with cross-functional teams, and ensure the successful delivery of cutting-edge consumer devices. Your role involves managing hardware projects from conception to market release, ensuring product quality, and staying up-to-date with emerging technologies.
What You Will Do

Build and lead a team of world class Hardware System Integrators, providing guidance, coaching, and fostering a collaborative work environment.
Oversee the technical architecture, integration, design, development and validation of hardware components and systems for consumer devices with a strong focus on user experience, reliability, and quality.
Work closely with automationtest engineers to gather and analyze data across multiple subsystems and ensure final product quality specs. 
Identify, select, and manage relationships with suppliers and vendors for sourcing hardware components.
Work closely with Product Design, Wireless, Software, and other engineering teams to define roadmaps for future consumer products. 

Key Qualifications

This is a leadership role in a highly technical, and user focused environment which requires industry experience with tight integration of hardware and software systems of consumer products.  The ideal candidate has experience with wearables, smartphones, or similar mobile devices. 
Deep expertise working with microprocessors, SoCs, and FPGAs, and designing schematicsPCBsFlexes of these systems
Extensive experience Experience with I2C, SPI, UART, USB, MIPI, DSI communication protocols.
Expertise in a lab environment working with a broad range of electrical test and measurement equipment (DMM, Spectrum Analyzers, Oscilloscopes, etc)
A passion for data and excellent visual and verbal communication skills to present data analysis and drive decision making. 
A deep curiosity for knowledge and expertise, both within your core discipline, but also in areas outside of it. 
Bachelors or Masters degree in Electrical engineer, Computer engineering with 10 years of experience shipping high quality consumer electronics in a fast paced environment.

Preferred Skills

Experience working on cellular-connected wearable devices.
Experience with System-in-Package (SiP) design and manufacturing.
Experience developing and delivering a new technology or sensor to market. 
Ability to travel to factories to support builds.
Ability to speak Mandarin is a plus.

Salary range: 200,000 - 245,000Compensation  Benefits

The salary range for this role is listed above. Final salary offered is based upon multiple factors including individual job-related qualifications, education, experience, knowledge and skills
At Humane, youll enjoy benefits that include health  wellness and worklife balance offerings. Our portfolio of benefits include: comprehensive healthcare insurance, disability insurance, life insurance, flexible spending accounts, and a 401K plan
Humane employees also enjoy generous paid time off and leave programs, commuter benefits, team events, snacks and other perks

Why Humane?

Develop cutting edge technologies in a creative and innovative environment
Imagine new opportunities in areas that matter and will impact the world you live in
Be a part of a high performing team of the worlds best innovators and executors
Flexible work arrangements to support you in working in the way that you work best
Our values: trust truth joy

At Humane, diversity is important to us.
Humane is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion (including, but not necessarily limited to, religious creed, dress, and grooming practices), citizenship, marital status, age, national origin, place of birth, height, weight, ancestry, mental or physical disability, genetic information, medical condition, U.S. (state and federal) military and veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, sex, gender, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical condition), or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws (protected characteristics or protected categories). Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and ordinances, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. At Humane, building a healthy and safe workplace is core to our mission. We prohibit harassment of any kind.