Were looking for a Lead Engine Engineer to join our team at Hypixel Studios, which collaborates remotely from around the world. Our members range from industry newcomers to experts with 25 years of experience. Team members come from a diverse set of backgrounds, but share a common passion for building polished player-focused, community-powered games.
 
Join us on our mission to bring players together in an inviting, immersive world where they can make their mark. Hytale empowers creative expression across a spectrum of experiences including sandbox adventure, social play, minigames, and creativity using a suite of powerful and accessible tools.
 
As a Lead Engine Engineer, you will support your team through a combination of coaching, direction-setting, and hands-on engineering. Your team will design, prototype, and implement the fundamental systems which underpin Hytales game engine tech.
 
Who you are:

Immersed in Engine Games: You have experience with and a passion for creating low-level, frameworks that can be used to build data driven, scalable, multiplayer gameplay systems.
Adaptable: You are comfortable with switching gears between optimization, breakfix, and development and understand the need for rapid re-prioritization.
Calm under pressure: You exude calm in even the toughest of situations. When things get spicy, you work as a cooler to help the team reach a solution.
A Force Multiplier: You understand how to design a system that can operate effectively for a whole team. You understand how to empower engineers on your team to learn, grow, and scale.
Performance Aware: You know and care how your code affects performance, frame rate, and memory usage

 
Some of your role:

Manage a team of 3-6 engineers through a combination of coaching, direction-setting, and hands-on engineering
Work closely with Product Owners and Project Managers to prioritize, break down, and select work for your team 
Work closely with gameplay and systems engineers and transform their feature requests into flexible systems.
Architect, prototype, build, and maintain low level engine systems in high quality C.
Create detailed and highly-accessible documentation for both technical and non-technical stakeholders.

 
Essential Traits:

6 years of professional programming experience in C.
4 years working in a game engine (commercial or proprietary).
2 years as a manager, tech-lead, or in a similar leadership role.
Strong understanding of engine specific architecture and low level engineering concerns such as performance, frame rate and memory usage.

 
Bonus Traits: 

Experience working with Agile delivery.
Experience implementing in ECS systems or Data-Oriented Development.
Experience embedding scripting systems in a game engine (e.g., Lua, etc).
Experience working on voxel world games andor sandbox games.
Experience working on Games-as-a-Service (GaaS)

 
We can offer:

Competitive salary
Annual Performance Bonus (APB)
Quality of Life increases
Christmas closure
A chance to work on a new game project with an extremely motivated team
Opportunities to learn and grow personally and professionally
A stable and secure work environment
The ability to work remotely

 
Were looking for applicants who are self-driven, put players first, and that have a history of making cool stuff. In return, we can offer an environment that values and supports individual creativity and passion and believes in fostering new talent. We recognize the value of diversity in every sense and actively encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.