Were looking for a Senior Systems Administrator to join our team at Hypixel Studios, which collaborates remotely from around the world. Our members range from industry newcomers to experts with 25 years of experience. Team members come from a diverse set of backgrounds, but share a common passion for building polished player-focused, community-powered games.
Join us on our mission to bring players together in an inviting, immersive world where they can make their mark. Hytale empowers creative expression across a spectrum of experiences including sandbox adventure, social play, minigames, and creativity using a suite of powerful and accessible tools.
 
As a Senior Systems Administrator, you will be responsible for driving our selection processes, creating and implementing policies both team and studio wide. You will work with the team to document and automate tasks  functions across the teams pillars of responsibility. 
 
Who you are:

Youre a Senior Systems Administrator with a proven track record of experience
Youre self driven and can work asynchronously 
Youre passionate about technology, security and automation

 
Some of your role:

Help shape the technical vision and standards for the team
Work closely with studio wide stakeholders to enable teams and remove blockers
Create and architect automation solutions for access control, auditing, etc.
Craft policies that will be implemented at a studio level
Evaluating tools and platforms for use
Setting up and configuring softwareplatforms at a studio level 

Essential Traits:

5 years of systems administration experience 
Experience managing Windows Active Directory, Microsoft Endpoint Manager and SCCM, Terraform
Experience in Python
Experience in protecting against large scale (security) attacks
Creating and selecting helpdesk and IT software, their operational best practices, including security, data protection, and disaster recovery protocols

 
Bonus Traits:

Infosec experience 
Experience mentoring other team members
Experience working with and supporting remote teams in multiple time zones.
Experience of a working in a gaming environment
Experience with the following but not limited to:

Google Workspace (eg. Google Docs  Calendar etc.)
Slack
Miro  Trello
Windows licensing


We can offer:

Competitive salary
Annual Performance Bonus (APB)
Quality of Life increases
Christmas closure
A chance to work on a new game project with an extremely motivated team
Opportunities to learn and grow personally and professionally
A stable and secure work environment
The ability to work remotely

 
Were looking for applicants who are self-driven, put players first, and that have a history of making cool stuff. In return, we can offer an environment that values and supports individual creativity and passion and believes in fostering new talent. We recognize the value of diversity in every sense and actively encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.