Were looking for a Lead Mobile Engineer to join our team at Hypixel Studios, which collaborates remotely from around the world. Our members range from industry newcomers to experts with 25 years of experience. Team members come from a diverse set of backgrounds, but share a common passion for building polished player-focused, community-powered games.
 
Join us on our mission to bring players together in an inviting, immersive world where they can make their mark. Hytale empowers creative expression across a spectrum of experiences including sandbox adventure, social play, minigames, and creativity using a suite of powerful and accessible tools.
 
As a Lead Mobile Engineer team, you will help turn our game that runs on Mobile to a game that ships on Mobile. You will be on the ground floor for building out our Mobile-focused team and strategy, including engineering practices, UIUX concerns, testing capabilities, and release planning.
 
Who you are:

Immersed in Mobile Games: You have a deep understanding of what it takes to make a game great on iOS andor Android, based not only on your engineering skills but also your history of playing Mobile games
Adaptable: You are comfortable with switching gears between optimization, breakfix, and development and understand the need for rapid re-prioritization.
Calm under pressure: You exude calm in even the toughest of situations. When things get spicy, you work as a cooler to help the team reach a solution.
A Force Multiplier: You understand how to design a system that can operate effectively for a whole team. You understand how to empower engineers on your team to learn, grow, and scale.
Performance Aware: You know and care how your code affects performance, frame rate, and memory usage

 
Some of your role:

Program hands-on in the engine to continue to improve our games Mobile compatibility, performance, and experience
Develop studio-wide standards and practices to ensure our game developers (engineers, artists, sound designers, animators, etc) hit our Mobile quality bar
Collaborate with the Tech Director and the EP to develop the long-term roadmap and staffing strategy for our Mobile development team, then lead that team
Collaborate with our CICD team to develop tools and automated testing to reinforce our Mobile quality standards

 
Essential Traits:

8 years of professional programming experience, including 4 years working in a game engine (commercial or proprietary)
4 years experience developing for Mobile platforms (Android andor iOS) preferably on games
2 years in a technical leadership role such as a manager, tech lead, team lead, etc
Strong understanding of Mobile-specific engineering concerns such as release and approval cycles, OS upgrades, UI and control schemes, API integration and Mobile-specific performance concerns
Experience shipping live Games-as-a-Service (GaaS)

 
Bonus Traits:

Experience with Mobile-specific graphics and rendering issues
Strong familiarity with the block-game genre andor voxel engines
Experience with User Generated Content (UGC)

 
We can offer:

Competitive salary
Annual Performance Bonus (APB)
Quality of Life increases
Christmas closure
A chance to work on a new game project with an extremely motivated team
Opportunities to learn and grow personally and professionally
A stable and secure work environment
The ability to work remotely

 
Were looking for applicants who are self-driven, put players first, and that have a history of making cool stuff. In return, we can offer an environment that values and supports individual creativity and passion and believes in fostering new talent. We recognize the value of diversity in every sense and actively encourage candidates from diverse backgrounds to apply.