
About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
Interactive Brokers, a global online securities and commodities broker, seeks a talented Talent Development Training Manager to lead the design, development and implementation of employee development and leadership initiatives globally, supporting the companys business strategy for revenue growth and priorities.
 
 Key Responsibilities:

Develop and implement talent development and leadership programs aligned with the organizations needs and objectives.
Run the IBKR Training Academy, which caters to employee development throughout their career in the organization.
Run live workshops and programs to improve the leadership capabilities of our management team.
Create content such as e-learning, collateral and other training materials that will impact behavior-changing training using various training methods.
Identify employee training needs and devise an annual training plan.
Coordinate internal existing training resources to deliver training initiatives with a global level of consistency.
Consistently track and assess the success of the Talent programs.
Negotiate contracts, and build and maintain relationships with third-party training providers.
Stay abreast of the latest developments in learning trends, changes in learning theory, and developments in learning technologies

 
Skills and Qualifications Required:

Five years  team management experience
Five years  experience in a training and development capacity
BSc or BA degree; an additional certification such as CPLP will be a bonus
Familiarity with e-learning platforms
Coaching or Professional Learning qualifications are highly advantageous
Strong leadership and influencing skills
People-focused and client-centric
Able to communicate effectively at all levels
Excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to build  manage relationships, as well as influence
Expertise in running virtual programs and collaborating with virtual teams
The ability to speak additional languages is highly advantageous

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.