
Job Description  Responsibilities

Get involved in the day-to-day operations of the HR functions and duties.
Participate in all activities related to the employee life cycle from hire to retirement.
Provide clerical and administrative support to the HR team.
Assist in payroll preparation by providing relevant data (absences, bonuses, leaves, etc.).
Get involved in the planning and execution of employee engagement and CSR activities.
Resolve employee issues related to day-to-day operations.
Update HR policies, benefits and employee handbook as and when needed.
Manage the organizations employee database and prepare reportspersonnel records by recording new hires, transfers, terminations, or any other changes.
Maintain cordial relations with employees and provide adequate support.

Requirements 

MBA  PGD  Masters Degree in Human Resources
Previous experience working in human resources
Effective HR administration and management skills
Good knowledgeunderstanding of HR functions, HR best practices, regulatory changes, Labor Law, and employment regulations will be an advantage.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Highly proficient with MS Office tools like Word, Excel and PowerPoint.

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary package.
Performance-based annual bonus (cash and stocks)
Hybrid working model (three days officeweek)
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias
Monthly food card  company-paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company-provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company-sponsored team-building events and outings

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.