About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About Your Team:

Our DevOps team is looking for a Site Reliability Engineer who can partner with engineering teams to triage issues, build and deploy new features, and maintain components in the software development tool chain.

 
What Will Be Your Responsibilities within IBKR: 

Level 2 support for incident management across our DevOps tool chain
Develop and improve instrumentation for monitoring and logging the health and availability of services.
Educate and lead efforts to improve observability across all engineering teams.
Proactively monitor systems and applications to provide input in improving systems stability, security, efficiency, and scalability.
Continuously improve hybrid, on-premise and cloud infrastructure to support development teams throughout the full-service lifecycle.
Participate in system design consulting, platform management, and capacity planning.
Innovate and improve system processes and tool sets to automate repetitive work and increase efficiency.
Interact with engineering teams to provide solutions and resolve problems promptly and proactively.
Balance innovation with reliability using well-defined service level objectives.

What Skills Are Required:

Bachelors Degree or Masters degree in computer science or Software Engineering or related field.
Strong experience managing observability tools, specifically ELK
Experience with modern DevOps tools like Jenkins, Git, Gradle, Nexus, Kubernetes, Kafka
Strong programming skills: Java, Python, andor Go
Ability to debug, optimize code, and automate manual routine tasks
Infrastructure configuration management with AWS using tools like Terraform and Cloudwatch
Willingness to learn other technologies as needed
Proficient in developing and maintaining technical documentation, runbooks, and procedure.

To be successful in this position, you will have the following:

Self-motivated and able to handle tasks with minimal supervision.
Superb analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent collaboration and communication (Verbal and written) skills.
Outstanding organizational and time management skills.

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups.
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.