About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
About Your Team
Our Risk Management Group is looking for Quantitative Developers. The Quantitative Developers will help design, develop, and maintain computer programs used to provide a valuation of financial instruments, calculate the risk of complex portfolios, and perform statistical analysis of financial data.
What will be your responsibilities within IBKR: 

Manage and own development tasks end-to-end, from business requirement analysis to production support
Develop, maintain, and enhance quantitative models and software used by our risk management system
Refine business requirements and develop programming specifications

Which skills are required:

Masters or Ph.D. in Physics, Mathematics, or another quantitative field.
1- 2 years experience in software development in C, object-oriented programming, and STL at an educational andor professional level
Good understanding of software design, data structures, and algorithms
Proficiency in LinuxUnix
Knowledge of Python, experience with pandasnumpyscipy
Knowledge of financial markets is a plus.

To be successful in this position, you will have the following:

Self-motivated and able to handle tasks with minimal supervision.
Superb analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent collaboration and communication (Verbal and written) skills.
Outstanding organizational and time management skills.
Technically oriented, proactive, and enthusiastic, with good attention to details.

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups.
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.