Join the Interactive Brokers Team!
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983 and we pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. We offer award-winning desktop, mobile and web applications which provide our clients with the tools they need to be successful. Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR); is rated 1 - Best Online Brokers 4 years in a row by Barrons , Best Online Brokers - Barrons Award (read more).
About the role  
As an Interactive Brokers software engineer, you will design, code, test, and maintain software solutions with complete ownership. If you have experience working with in iOS environment with working knowledge of both Objective-C and Swift. You will help make our mobile trading applications even better.
If you are proficient in developing mobile applications and user interfaces with the iOS SDK, have good object-oriented programming experience, love the idea of developing award-winning solutions, and enjoy working with a team, then Interactive Brokers may be just the place for you. This job is focused towards designing, building, and optimizing trading applications.
As a mobile application developer, youll join a growing team of highly talented and motivated engineers who are passionate about their work.
Responsibilities: 

Research, implement, provide, and feedback to technology solutions that extend and improve IBs customer facing applications.
Create robust high-volume production applications and develop prototypes quickly.
Work in close collaboration with engineering team based in other IB Offices.
Collaborate on user interface issues involving access to large amounts of professional data and information.
Solve all problems that come your way including assisting backend developers when the need arises.

Requirements:

Bachelors degree in computer science, engineering or related field.
3 years of relevant work experience in developing mobile application with Swift or Objective-C as primary language and be proficient in either.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Fluency in spoken and written English.
Ability to integrate into and work well within a global team.

Preferred qualifications:

Working experience with Git, REST APIs, Debugging and Testing tools.
A strong foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design.
Ability to perform under pressure in time-critical situations using sound judgment and professionalism and switch tasks as needed.
Desire to be very close to technology and are motivated by a technology centric career.

Company Benefits  Perks


Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups


LI-AA1Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.