About INTERACTIVE BROKERS! 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
About your Team and Role:
The IBKR Marketing team is looking for a versatile Bootstrap Website Developer and Designer with strong skills in website development and graphic design. You should be comfortable writing HTML and CSS in the Bootstrap 5 framework to create responsive websites and designing banners and brochures using Adobe Create Cloud tools.
 
This is a hybrid role (Three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
What will be your responsibilities within IBKR: 

Design, develop and maintain content across multiple websites using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and PHP
Implement responsive website development and optimize output to function across various devices and platforms
Understand how to QA, debug and optimize web pages
Create sets of banners ads using shared libraries and multiple artboards
Design engaging, attractive brochures that maintain our brand style
Design visually appealing, hand-coded emails, functional on all devices and email clients
Understand financial products and markets

What required skills will you need:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, or BFA in Visual Communications or in a similar relevant field
Five years of experience as a website designer
Three years of experience with JavaScript, CSS
Possess a working knowledge of PHP
Knowledge of Bootstrap, FontAwesome, and jQuery is a must
Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign is a must
Knowledge of browser troubleshooting and debugging practices and techniques
Knowledge of SEO principles
Functional across operating systems a plus: OS X, Windows and Linux

To be successful in this position, you will have the following:

Self-motivated and able to handle tasks with minimal supervision.
Superb analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent collaboration and communication (Verbal and written) skills.
Outstanding organizational and time management skills..

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.