
Position
Interactive Brokers is seeking a mobile UIUX designer with deep knowledge of mobile interfaces to lead the design efforts for a new educational app. This greenfield project promises a great impact on global financial literacy, offers high visibility, and requires the ability to work autonomously. In addition, it may be your calling if you possess the knack for creating captivating mobile interfaces, especially on the iOS platform, and have a penchant for education-based applications.
 
Here, youll be tasked to design groundbreaking solutions in an energetic startup-style culture within a compact group and as part of a robust team of professionals. 
 
The project youll be involved in isnt just about designing; its about transforming how financial education is disseminated through interactive digital channels. As our mobile UIUX designer, you will own your role completely, driving innovative design concepts and ensuring the highest standards in user experience and interface design.
 
Responsibilities

Drive the design and visualization of a brand-new educational app from concept to finalization.
Develop intuitive, usable, and visually compelling design prototypes quickly.
Translate complex educational content into engaging and interactive mobile experiences.
Collaborate with design and development teams from Interactive Brokers other global offices.
Stay updated with design trends and user behavior patterns, ensuring the app remains contemporary and user-friendly.
Extend support to developers during the integration of designs, ensuring a seamless transition from design to development.

 
Qualifications, Skills  Attributes
 
Minimum qualifications:

BAMA degree in Design, Human-Computer Interaction, or a related field from a reputable institution
Three-plus years of relevant work experience in designing mobile user interfaces and experiences, preferably for iOS
Strong portfolio showcasing your best designs and design processes
Self-driven with the ability to handle tasks autonomously
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a keen eye for design
Fluency in spoken and written English
Ability to integrate and thrive within a global team

 
Preferred qualifications:

Experience with gamified educational methods
Proficiency with design tools like Figma
Familiarity with iOS design guidelines and standards
Experience in conducting user research, usability tests, and iterating based on feedback
Ability to perform under pressure in time-critical situations and adapt to changing requirements
Enthusiasm for staying at the cutting edge of design trends and passionate about creating user-centric solutions.

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Discretionary annual bonus (cash and stock)
Private healthcare insurance
Free recreational pass (AYCM XL package)
Daily food allowance in the office
Monthly BKK pass
Hybrid way of working (2 days home officeweek)
Modern office in the heart of Budapest with free amenities
Great atmosphere with friendly and exceptional colleagues and frequent company outings

 
The benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.