Join INTERACTIVE BROKERS team! 
Interactive Brokers Group has consistently been at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983 and we pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers.
The trade surveillance group is looking for a python engineer to develop highly automated and scalable processes that scan order activity and trades to detect potential market manipulation and money laundering in addition to other regulatorycriminal violations.  We currently process more than 1 billion order events and 3 million trades per day for over 2 million customer accounts.  As a member of the group, you will implement, optimize, and scale our processes to handle new requirements as well as our anticipated large growth in customer activity.
You will be responsible for:

Creation, optimization, and extension of trade surveillance processes
Building infrastructure services to support our market surveillance system
Participating in code reviews via a gitgerrit workflow
Take ownership of internal user issues reported and seeing problems through to resolution

You are someone who will have:

Bachelors or masters degree in Computer Science, or related area
1-3 years of professional experience with Linux operating systems
3 years of professional experience with Python as a primary language (non-scripting)
Extensive experience with pandasnumpy
Thorough understanding of databases and SQL
Experience with large python code bases
High attention to detail

Good to Haves:

Experience with data engineering
Knowledge of finance
Knowledge of Oracle PLSQL
Knowledge of Java or C
MastersPhD

Company Benefits  Perks


Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.