As a member of Client Technical Support, you assist clients with inquiries about our range of trading offerings. You act as a liaison between internal teams and customers to ensure a prompt and effective resolution to bugs and issues. The ideal candidate will be analytical with an affinity for problem-solving and troubleshooting technical and software issues. They should be able to recognize, investigate, and escalate client-reported issues related to our platforms. If you are motivated, have initiative, and are analytical and methodical, we can offer you a position that will challenge and reward you as part of a team building one of the worlds strongest brokerage brands.
 
Responsibilities

Providing support to clients through phone, chats, and tickets
Technical and functional support for the Interactive Brokers platforms
Desktop applications (Windows, macOS, and Linux)
Mobile applications (Android and iOS)
Troubleshooting and support for Interactive Brokers web-based offerings
Problem management with a focus on wide-scale technical issues

Requirements

Bachelors degree, preferred if in a technical field.
2 years in client facing support role
2 years experience working with Windows and Mac, software support, connectivity support
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a team environment
Experience working with support ticketing systems
Adaptable to a constantly changing technical environment
The initiative and desire to learn new skillstechnologies and remain up to date with the latest trends and a real passion for solving technical problems
Languages: fluency in English and SpanishGerman is a must. Any other European language is a plus.
Experience with financial products and services is a plus.

Company Benefits  Perks

Discretionary annual bonus (cash and stock)
Private healthcare insurance
Free recreational pass (AYCM XL package)
Daily food allowance in the office
Monthly BKK pass
Hybrid way of working (2 days home officeweek)
Modern office in the heart of Budapest with free amenities
Great atmosphere with friendly and exceptional colleagues and frequent company outings

The benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.
You will be part of a team building one of the worlds strongest brokerage brands and part of a global enterprise that employs technology in all aspects of its business to generate prudent, controlled growth.Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.