Job Description and Responsibilities
Interactive Brokers Group is looking for an HR professional to manage all responsibilities of the recruiting process for assigned groups, including, but not limited to, kick-off intake calls with hiring managers, posting of positions, sourcingscreening, coordinating interviews and feedback, and closing candidates in the offer stage. The role involves building and maintaining a network online and offline with potential candidates to promote our brand, reduce our time-to-hire and ensure we attract the best professionals. Ultimately, the recruiter will build a strong talent pipeline and help hire and retain skilled employees for Non-IT roles.
 
The ideal candidate will have experience with the following:

Writing and posting job descriptions for the roles.
Developing effective strategies for evaluating and sourcing candidates.
Identifying and recruiting high-potential candidates whose skills, culture, motivation, and ambition align with our companys needs.
Maintaining data integrity within our applicant tracking system.
Engage in hiring discussions with managers.
Managing end-to-end campus hiring.
Understanding the dynamics of diverse groups.
Ensure a positive and smooth candidate experience.

Qualifications

Bachelors degree required (MBA in HR preferred)
Good understanding of technical skill sets
Flexibility working an 11 am to 8 pm  12 pm to 9 pm shift (Mon  Fri)
Self-sufficient and able to work independently.
3-6 years of corporate andor staffing firm progressive recruiting experience, including sourcing and managing the full employee life cycle.
Outstanding communication skills, organizational and negotiation skills.
Must have experience building effective hiring manager relationships.
Experience working in a high-volume recruiting environment.
MS Office, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook.
Experience managing and prioritizing multiple searches, projects, and client relationship

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary package.
Performance-based annual bonus (cash and stocks)
Hybrid working model (3 days officeweek)
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias
Monthly food card  company-paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company-provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company-sponsored team-building events and outings

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.