Interactive Brokers Hong Kong Limited (IBHK) is expanding its Account Maintenance and Trade Approvals Group (AMG) within the New Accounts Department at our Hong Kong location. We are searching for candidates with prior experience in the financial services industry, with extraordinary attention to detail, and strong communication skills. The AMG is a liaison to Interactive Brokers retail and Institutional clients.
Job Description  Requirements:
IBHK AMG is accountable for maintaining high quality client data to our sophisticated retail customers, HNWI, financial advisors, hedge fund operators, corporates, and other broker-dealers. AMG also perform Account ApprovalsUpgradesAccount reopening, across Asia.
Key Responsibilities:

As member of the AMG, you will be responsible for approving broker dealer, financial institutional, corporates and retail client new accounts, daily;
Responsible for processing ongoing account maintenance requests, daily;
Research and resolve a wide variety of client question andor issues on the account maintenance process;
Review documentation related to the account maintenance request;
Cross reference multiple databases both internal and external with a strong emphasis on regulatory aspects of AML and KYC;
Correspond with clients, sales representatives and customer service representatives;
Multitask with a strong emphasis on AML and KYC knowledge while dealing with customer update request;
Collaborate with other cross functional teams to assist with account maintenance request;
Follow internal policy and procedures when dealing with various account-related tasks;
Excellent troubleshooting and problem resolution skills;
Taking personal responsibility for identifying client needs while providing a high value experience;
Efficient, self-motivated and hard working in a dynamic and fast paced environment;
Learn all aspects of the IB Brokerage platform policy and offer alternatives and options to satisfy customer post account approval concerns while complying with policies, practices and procedures; and
Work closely with Legal and Compliance, Program Developers, and Project Managers to ensure compliance with new and existing procedures and regulatory requirements.

Qualifications  Experience:

Bachelors degree;
Experience:  2 years in Customer Service andor Financial Service preferred;
Excellent written and oral communication skills in English and Cantonese; Mandarin is advantageous;
Minimum of 2 years experience and familiarity, preferably gained in brokerage or corporate banking environment;
Experience handling client concerns and issues with tact and diplomacy;
Strong research, investigatory, and problem-solving skills;
Able to multitask various projects and firm initiatives;
Intermediate experience with MS Outlook, MS Word, and MS Excel; and
Ability to work independently and effectively as part of a team, while handling multiple tasks and responsibilities simultaneously.

Core Competencies:

Ability to identify, analyze, and escalate complex issues;
Attention to detail is a must;
Excellent troubleshooting and problem resolution skills;
Taking personal responsibility for identifying client needs while providing a high value experience;
Efficient, self-motivated and hardworking; and
Being to be able to multitask in a pressured environment.

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, specialist and in-patient  
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch ordered in house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Great work life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting.

 
LI -AW1Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.