Job Description and Responsibilities:



Interactive Brokers Software Service India (IBSSI) is looking for Software engineers with Java concentration with experience working in UnixLinux environments to help make our customer-facing trading applications and back-end systems even better.
 If you are proficient in developing front-end systems or corresponding back-end services for them, have solid programming experience, love the challenge of developing complex real-time solutions, and enjoy working in a dynamic environment with a strong team, then Interactive Brokers may be just the place for you. This job is heavily oriented toward designing, building and optimizing trading and back-office applications.As an JSE SE, youll join a team of highly talented and motivated engineers who are passionate about their work. Youll design, test, deploy and maintain software solutions with complete ownership throughout this job.

Research, conceive and develop technology solutions to extend and improve IBs customer facing and back-end applications.
Write client  server-side code for web-based applications, create robust high-volume production applications, and develop prototypes quickly.
Work in close collaboration with engineering team based in other IB Offices in Europe and US.
Collaborate on scalability issues involving access to massive amounts of data and information.
Solve all problems that come your way.




Qualifications:



Minimum qualifications

MCABEBtechMtechME degree in Computer Science or related technical field from a reputed institution.
7 years of relevant work experience, including large systems software development experience or client application development.
Experience programming in Java and OracleMysql.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Sound Knowledge of SQL, relational databases, and other data storage solutions.
Experience working in UnixLinux environments.
Fluency in English language.

Preferred qualifications

MCAME in Computer Science or equivalent work experience
7 years of relevant work experience, including programming Web andor Non Web Java Applications, OracleMySql databases.
Proficient in 1 or more scripting languages like Unix Shell.
Spring framework in general (Spring MVC) .
Good to have REST based web services.
1 years of work experience in the Financial Services space (Brokerage  Capital markets  Investment Banking Financial services).
A strong foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design.
Ability to perform under pressure in time-critical situations using sound judgment and professionalism.
Ability to integrate into and work well within a global team.
Very close to technology and looking at a technology centric career.

Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package.
Performance based annual bonus (cash and stocks).
Hybrid working model (3 days officeweek).
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias.
Monthly food card  company paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company sponsored team building events and outings.

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.






 


Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.