Job Description:
The Staff Accountant role will be responsible for the daily accounting of Interactive Brokers Group (IBG) and international electronic brokerage subsidiaries of IBG. It will require a highly organized, strong analytical thinker who enjoys problem-solving and is persistent in getting the correct answer. The candidate will have opportunities to take on additional responsibilities and advance.
 
To do this job well, the candidate will learn the operation of financial markets in the US and other countries for most tradable products: stocks, options, futures, FX, bonds, etc. This knowledge will come from on-the-job training. Candidates with intellectual curiosity will thrive in this role.
 
Responsibilities:

Perform daily, weekly and monthly accounting functions.
Creating monthly analytical commentaries detailing financial results and business metrics.
Maintain mappings for automated entries for data feeds from internal systems and electronic external bank information.
Preparing month-end account reconciliations.
Ad-hoc Reporting and Analysis.
Doing whatever is needed to move a dynamic, fast-growing business forward.

 
Qualifications:

Chartered Accountant
Two to three years experience.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, along with multitasking capabilities.
A good understanding of technology  automation is a strong plus.
The ability to specify programming requirements is a plus.
Must be a self-starter and not require constant supervision.
Prior experience with Oracle Financials is a plus.
High level of attention to detail

 
Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package.
Performance-based annual bonus (cash and stocks).
Hybrid working model (3 days officeweek).
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias.
Monthly food card  company-paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company-provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company-sponsored team-building events and outings.

 
 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.