Job Description and Responsibilities:



 

Technical and functional support for the Interactive Brokers Trader Workstation including connectivity, network testing, java configuration, security protocols by phone, chat and email.
Problem management with focus on wide scale technical issues.
As a member of the technical assistance team, youll assist customers with inquiries pertaining to all of our software products and act as a liaison between internal teams and customers to ensure a prompt and effective resolution of bugs and issues.

 



Qualifications:




2 year experience in WindowsMac software and hardware support, connectivity support, Java familiarity.
Networking and general technical knowledge to troubleshoot issues that pertain to our trading client programs.
Personality: Self-confident, open, extroverted, good communication skills, flexible and able to work independently in a team-oriented environment.
Languages: Fluency in English is a must. 

 
 Education:
 

Bachelors in Information Technology (B.Tech, BE or MCA) or equivalent.

 
Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package.
Performance based annual bonus (cash and stocks).
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias.
Monthly food card  company paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company sponsored team building events and outings.

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.






 


Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.