About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About your team:
As a Windows Engineer - L2, you will provide second-level response within Interactive Brokers (IBKR) on any information technology-related issues regarding the Microsoft Windows platform. You will assist business and development end-users over the phone, by email and through a centralized ticketing system to resolve or escalate any IT issues. This position requires good technical knowledge and polished communication skills. The key competencies include advanced knowledge of Windows and networking technologies with a strong motivation to advance your skills. You need to have patience with those who are less technically savvy and can function in a fast-paced business environment with a high sense of urgency. Additional requirements for this role are dependability and willingness to go above and beyond the call of duty in assisting end-users and following technical issues through to resolution.
 
What will be your responsibilities within IBKR: 

Provide technical assistance and support for reported issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware on a timely basis to meet department SLAs
Resolve issues related to desktops, laptops, virtual machines, smartphones, scanners, printers, and other peripherals employees use.
Install operating systems, applications, and hardware drivers, and customize system settings following department standards on desktops and servers.
Analyze problems using advanced troubleshooting skills and diagnostic tools to locate the root cause of the problem and provide a permanent solution to the issue to prevent reoccurrence.
Develop a plan and deploy software using scripting knowledge.
Prepare application AppStacks for deployment of software to VMWare workstations.
Create Windows images for OS deployments.
Server administration and maintenance; Hardwaresoftware upgrades
Documents issue resolution to a department knowledge base to reference in future incidents and contributes to creating self-help articles for employee access.
Provide timely updates of all activity for assigned incidents, including user contact attempts and issue resolution details within the incident management system; escalate incidents to other support teams where necessary.
Participates in department or firmwide projects as instructed by IT Department management
Contributes to departmental productivity and development objectives by participating in training programs and team meetings.
Interfaces with employees, supervisors, directors, and C-level executives, employing a high degree of tact and diplomacy to promote a positive department image. Resolves problem situations in a professional manner.
Maintains excellent verbal communication skills and can communicate effectively with technical and non-technical colleagues at all organizational levels.
Participates in the schedule as assigned to provide coverage, 24x7 rotation.

 
Which skills are required:

Associate degree in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education, experience and training
A, Network, Microsoft, and VMWare certifications are preferred but not required.
5  10 years of technical support experience. Possesses strong abilities in organizing, prioritizing and multitasking.
Expected to be a team player who shares knowledge for collective growth.
Able to communicate technical terms to non-technical stakeholders.
Must have strong interpersonal, communication (written and oral), and client service skills.
Able to create and maintain PowerShell scripts.
Pays close attention to detail, displays flexibility, works independently and is a demonstrated self-directionself-starter.
Display resourcefulness when solutions are not evident and take the initiative to address problems independently.
Ability to manage multiple high-priority initiatives in a fast-paced, highly technical environment
Strong knowledge of Microsoft Windows desktop operating systems. Windows 10
Advanced diagnostic troubleshooting skills; must have an innate curiosity and interest in IT.
Strong knowledge of the Microsoft Office suite
Strong knowledge of supporting PCs in a domain environment
Strong knowledge of active directories, domains and group policies
Strong knowledge of desktop imaging, application deployment, and hard drive encryption
Working knowledge of VMWare workstations, administration
Working knowledge of TCPIP protocol stack and Wi-Fi.
Working knowledge of DNS(Zones) and DHCP (segments, VLANS).
Working knowledge of Office 365 cloud application suite
Working knowledge of Office365 Administration
Working knowledge of Windows server (2012, 2016,2019)

 
To be successful in this position, you will have the following:

Self-motivated and able to handle tasks with minimal supervision.
Superb analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent collaboration and communication (Verbal and written) skills.
Outstanding organizational and time management skills.

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with a competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events, including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.