Interactive Brokers LLC, a subsidiary of Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR), is a direct access electronic broker serving professional and frequent traders, institutional investors, financial advisors, and introducing brokers. Our clients can access over 150 market centers worldwide from a single integrated platform. For four-plus decades, we have focused on using advanced technology and automation to equip our clients with a uniquely sophisticated platform to manage their investment portfolios. We provide our clients with advantageous execution prices, risk and portfolio management tools, research facilities and investment products at low or no cost to help position them to achieve superior returns.
Our employees are part of a dynamic, multi-national, fast-paced, results-oriented team. Click the link to view a short video with a few words from current Interactive Brokers employees: https:www.interactivebrokers.comenindex.php?f31899
Interactive Brokers seeks a motivated and talented compliance officer familiar with electronic trading processes and regulations. This individual will be the firms lead compliance officer in key areas, including the brokerage system, order routing, market access controls, best execution, and Reg ATS.
 
Responsibilities:

Working with firm management and programming staff to ensure the firm  is in compliance with Market Access and Orderly Trading Rules, Exchange and NMS Trading Rules, Best Execution, Reg ATS, Vendor Display Rule, Payment for Order Flow rules and disclosures, and others
For each of these topics, the Compliance Officer will be responsible for the following: 

Crafting detailed written instructions for programmers and technical staff to enhance internal controls in response to new regulations or the launching of new business lines
Drafting and implementing firm policies, controls and written supervisory procedures
Developing and implementing remedial action plans in response to internal and external audit findings
Drafting regulatory responses for and interacting with SEC, FINRA, and other regulators


 
Qualifications

6-12 years compliance or regulatory experience with the SEC, FINRA, an exchange, law firm, or another broker-dealer
High degree of comfort and fluency with computers and technology, and understanding of how technology is applied to business and regulation
Ability to develop compliance solutions that satisfy relevant regulations while executing sound business judgment
Outstanding oral and written communication skills
Industry registrations or member in good standing of the bar of any U.S. state or the District of Columbia preferred
Solid academic background
Ability to work both independently as well as in a small-team environment, and to multi-task with minimal supervision

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.