
About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About your team:
This role within the Global Windows Platform  Services team is responsible for planning, designing, automating, orchestrating, and implementing the entire stack of VMware solutions in our data centers and, eventually, in the Microsoft Cloud. You must have expert knowledge of VMware technologies, Microsoft Windows Operating Systems and related technologies such as SAN storage, VPN Networking, InfoBlox DNSDHCP and Windows 10 3rd party supporting applications.
 
What will be your responsibilities within IBKR: 

Create logical, physical design and architecture for all VMware-based server and virtual desktop solutions (ESXi  vCenter, Horizon, NSX-T, AppVolumes, Dynamic Environment Manager)
Troubleshooting skills with Active Directory Infrastructure, Group Policies, ADInfoblox DNS, Microsoft PowerShell, Windows Server 2012, 2016 and 2019 and Windows 10
Gather and document business requirements, assess technical capabilities and analyze findings to translate into the engineering of technology solutions.
Perform in-depth technical research and analyze results to recommend suitable approaches for solving complex and challenging technical and integration problems.  Follow policies and procedures for change, problem, and incident management.
Proactively participate in L2 problem escalations and resolve desktop and server support issues.
Participate in the 24x7 on-call rotation and planned maintenance activities after hours and on weekends when needed.
Should have a strong operational working knowledge of Horizon View 7.x VDI end-user support. Includes operational maintenance of infrastructure such as vSAN, App Volumes, Dynamic Environment Manager in addition to Horizon
Strong working knowledge of vCenter, ESXi, ESXCLi commands, ESXi updatestroubleshooting, Windows 10 golden image creation with the usage of clones and templates

 
Which skills are required:

8-15 years of hands-on IT Engineering experience
5 years of in-depth VMware ESXivCenter and Horizon experience
5 years of experience in a similar role (VMware design and engineering, complex implementations and operational background)
Minimum 5 years of experience in a global financial organization (e.g., Brokerage, Trading, or Investment Management)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Strong client service and professional client-facing skills.
Excellent attention to detail and proven strong analytical  troubleshooting and multi-tasking skills.
Strong time management and organizational skills and ability to meet project deadlines
Ability to learn new technologies and adopt new tools and techniques to increase automation, performance and scalability
Ability to work autonomously and as part of the IBKR global Windows team
VMware Certifications (VCP-DCV, VCP-DTM) are a strong plus, and some will be required within a year of joining IBKR.
Understanding of networking concepts, LANWAN, DNSDHCP, routing, switching and firewalls within the scope of the VMware technology stack
Expert experience in Windows Server 200820122016, Microsoft SQL  Windows clustering technologies, Active Directory, Group Policy and DFS file systems.

 
To be successful in this position, you will have the following:

Self-motivated and able to handle tasks with minimal supervision.
Superb analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent collaboration and communication (Verbal and written) skills.
Outstanding organizational and time management skills.

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with a competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events, including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.