Job Description
Interactive Brokers is looking for a motivated and talented Compliance Testing Officer who is familiar with U.S. securities andor commodities regulations and has appropriate experience at a regulatory agency, exchange, accounting firm or law firm. In particular, we are looking for someone with experience in designing, maintaining and managing a compliance testing program.
Responsibilities
The primary responsibilities of the Compliance Testing Officer include:

Developing, executing and managing the firms compliance testing program, including testing procedures, methodologies, risk assessments and frequency schedules to comply with relevant legal and regulatory requirements and industry best practices.
Coordinating the execution of testing reviews with stakeholders across various departments and ensuring reviews are conducted in accordance with firm procedures.
Drafting specifications for testing queries, scripts, and enhanced controls to be implemented by business or programming staff.
Reporting compliance testing findings to management and defining management actions plans with stakeholders to address findings.
Tracking compliance testing findings from discovery to remediation.
Other Core Compliance activities as needed.
Manage staff in the testing function.

Qualifications

At least 7 years of experience with the SEC, FINRA, CFTC, NFA, an exchange, an accounting firm or law firm with a focus on security or commodity regulations, a broker-dealer or an FCM.  Experience in a compliance testing or audit role is strongly preferred.
High degree of comfort and fluency with computers and technology.
Outstanding oral and written communication skills.
Ability to work both independently as well as in a small-team environment, and to multi-task with minimal supervision.
Registrations (i.e., SIE, Series 7, 24 andor Series 3 registration) if no registrations can consider a member in good standing of the bar of any U.S. state or the District of Columbia.
Experience with Atlassian ConfluenceJIRA preferred.
Audit Certification preferred.
Managerial experience preferred.

Company Benefits  Perks


Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company paid lunch and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups


 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.