Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Team!
Interactive Brokers Group has consistently been at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983 and we pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers.
Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Our focus is on providing cutting-edge trading technology to keep our clients one step ahead. We offer award-winning desktop, mobile and web applications which provide our clients with the tools they need to be successful.
Our Trading Platforms group is looking for Product Manager with good knowledge and ability to communicate effectively, understanding problems and explain their solution. The position is well-suited for an organized individual who can meet deadlines, follow written procedures, and collaborate for improvements and be a team player. We are looking for a high-energy, self-starting individual. You will make an immediate impact, work with the latest technology, watch your projects quickly come to completion and enjoy a competitive compensation package
For this position, the company is not sponsoring applicants for work visas now or in future
You will be responsible for:

Defining detailed functional specifications for new features based on existing UIUX paradigms
Maintaining executive summaries on the progress and milestones of multiple projects simultaneously
Managing day-to-day operational aspects of projects, including communication of client needs to the team.
Managing multiple projects simultaneously and understand project priorities in the context of the group
Assisting with functional reviews, testing and validation during the software development lifecycle
Becoming an expert with IBs trading software and award-winning brokerage platform
Working with product and engineering teams to get a deep understanding of the services and infrastructure that power our global trading systems

You are someone who has:

B.S. or higher in Engineering, Computer Science, Business Management, Finance
A Minimum 3 year experience in producttechnical management or consulting with focus on product development and delivery
Experience managing projects through full lifecycle from ideation and inception to implementation and deliveryrelease.
Knowledge of or experience in the financial services sector
Highly organized and self-directed with a strong ability to prioritize and multi-task
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent presentation and interpersonal skills
Detail-oriented, proactive, and enthusiastic

Nice to Haves :

Knowledge of or experience with UI and UX design
Familiar with key concepts related to trading and financial products.
Excellent problem-solving, organizational, and analytical skills, with the ability to evolve product strategy based on research, data and industry trends.

To be successful in this position you will have:

Superb analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent collaboration and communication skills.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, rapid growth environment.
Have a startup personality and enjoy working as part of a team.
Great organizational and time management skills.

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan (401K) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups


 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.