Interactive Brokers fast growing online brokerage unit is expanding its Client Services operations. We are looking for a passionate candidate with strong analytical and client services skills.
Due to the continued expansion of our business activities, we have the following exciting opportunity for a motivated professional. 
Key Responsibilities:

Investigation of customer inquiries encompassing a broad array of themes including margin analysis, position liquidations, trade cancellation requests, order trigger conditions, products and global exchanges, order status and execution inquiries
Resolve routine and complex client inquiries, concerns and complaints via telephone, tickets, and chats in a thorough and expeditious manner, utilizing sound judgment with an emphasis on courtesy
Familiarize with various proprietary platforms including trading systems and administrative portals to educate clients to align with our self-service and highly automated business model
Coordinate activities with other local and international Customer Service divisions and interaction with external departments such as Programming, Clearing, Cashiering and Compliance and other service groups around the world
Analysis of existing systems and procedures to recommend and assist in the implementation of enhancements. Contribute to the development of client service systems, policies and procedures

 Qualifications  Experience:

Fluent in English with strong verbal and written communication skills
University degree Bachelors in finance, economics, or related field with minimum 2 years of financial industry experience.
If Fresher, MBA or Masters Degree in Finance, or related field. Candidates with trading experience would be preferred.
In depth understanding of financial markets, margin methodologies, execution platforms, exchange operations and regulations
Excellent products knowledge: Equities, Options, Futures, Options on Futures, Fixed income, Mutual Funds, FX, CFDs, Crypto
Strong PC technologies proficiency; Advanced Excel, Office Suite, Email
Trouble-shooter with critical thinking mindset, passionate about technology and financial markets
Self-starter, able to handle stress, with the ability to work independently as well as part of a team
NISM certified Series 7 (Capital markets) and Series 8 (Equity Derivatives) or in the process of obtaining both certifications 

Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package.
Performance based annual bonus (cash and stocks).
Hybrid working model (3 days officeweek).
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias.
Monthly food card  company paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company sponsored team building events and outings.

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.