The Quality Statistics System group provides regulatory and management committee statistical reports and statistical data that feeds our best-in-business Smart Routing technology. We are looking for a Senior Python developer to help us fulfilling the increasing need for exact, timely and easy-to-use business intelligence solutions.
Responsibilities

Maintaining and developing the software tools of the group
Designing new tools as necessary
Collecting, cleaning and consolidating data into databases
Producing regular and ad hoc reports for management, regulators and clients
Taking care of the automatic reporting processes
Continuously seeking ways to improve our current system and working methodology

Qualifications, Skills  Attributes
Minimum qualifications:

Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or related area
Thorough knowledge of and 5 years of experience in Python
Experience with NumPy and Pandas
Experience in working with UnixLinux and shell scripting
A precise mindset

Preferred qualifications:

Knowledge of C
Experience in Perl scripting
Knowledge of Oracle SQL
Some HTMLCSSJavaScript skills

Company Benefits  Perks

Discretionary annual bonus (cash and stock)
Private healthcare insurance
Free recreational pass (AYCM XL package)
Daily food allowance in the office
Monthly BKK pass
Hybrid way of working (2 days home officeweek)
Modern office in the heart of Budapest with free amenities
Great atmosphere with friendly and exceptional colleagues and frequent company outings.

The benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.