Responsibilities
Key Responsibilities:

Monitor multiple servers that simultaneously run various applications and scripts and ensure issuesbugs are resolved in a timely manner
React to production incidents and rectify problems; work with respective developers to improve applications
Set monitoring system and checks to ensure issues are caught early
Write scripts for Technical Operations group in automating processes and tasks like data archivingclean-up, automated process restarts, etc.
Monitor, assess and detect any issues within the automation process
Bring full system up after planned maintenance

Qualifications, Skills  Attributes
Minimum qualifications:
Required

Advanced LinuxUnix user, including but not limited to

Networking (e.g., SSH, NFS)
System monitoring  troubleshooting (e.g., load, ports, file descriptors)
Comfortable with VIMEmacs
Experience with Bash scripting
Python knowledge (primarily utility scripting)
Understanding of Nagios
Comfortable with GIT


3 years of relevant experience

Preferred qualifications:
Optional

Perl experience
Java experience
Rsyslog knowledge
Understanding of Ganglia

Company Benefits  Perks:

Discretionary annual bonus (cash and stock)
Private healthcare insurance
Free recreational pass (AYCM XL package)
Daily food allowance in the office
Monthly BKK pass
Hybrid way of working (2 days home officeweek)
Modern office in the heart of Budapest with free amenities
Great atmosphere with friendly and exceptional colleagues, frequent company outings.The benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.

You will be part of team that is building one of the worlds strongest brokerage brands, and part of a global enterprise that employs technology in all aspects of its business to generate prudent, controlled growth.
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.