Application Support - Technical Operations Specialist (TOPS)
IBKR Financial Services AG seeks an individual to join our Technical Operations team in Zug, Switzerland. In order to provide the best online trading experience in the world, Interactive Brokers software, systems, and other crucial business technology must be maintained, monitored and supported at all times with locations across the globe with vigilance, tenacity and precision. To achieve that goal, Interactive Brokers maintains a small team of cross-trained and exceptionally responsible individuals unbound to one specific skill or discipline. With bushido spirit, these operators develop tools, systems and solutions to ensure the correct function of the various systems encompassing Interactive Brokers platform. The operators gain experience and provide additional value working under the expert direction of senior trade, skill and industry experts to resolve complex issues with specific technology, hardware and software components.
Your Responsibilities:

Monitor all aspects of the Interactive Brokers global brokerage system
Analyze, address, escalate and resolve brokerage system operational issues
Communicate with exchanges to configure, test, and implement new trading technologies
Work with our developers to design new and improved existing brokerage processes
Design and develop new monitoring and automation processes
Act as primary escalation point for any and all technical issues
Strong English communication skills

Key Requirements

Bachelors degree or apprenticeship in a technical discipline combined with professional experience
In-depth knowledge of computers, networks and technology in general
The ability to analyze and solve problems promptly and accurately
Willingness to work shifts and weekends

 Recommended

Prior Experience in a Technology Position
Experience with Unix  Linux style command line interfaces
Prior experience with scripting languages (e.g. Shell, Perl, Python)
A keen desire to explore and learn new concepts, systems and technologies

Company Benefits 

Salary commensurate with experience
Performance based cash bonus and stock grant
Hybrid work model
Daily company-paid lunch. Fruit and snack options throughout the day

LI-MH1Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.