Head of European Tax
 
Role Overview
The Interactive Brokers Global Tax Team serves an important role in the success of our business. We mitigate risk and create value for our business and our clients. We partner with many functions across the company, including Accounting, Treasury, Technology, Client Service and Marketing, to assist our business in achieving our commitment to delivering value through technological innovation and providing our clients with unprecedented access to global markets at the lowest cost. The Global Tax Team sets the tax policy for the company and identifies, develops, implements, and manages tax strategies to help minimize our overall tax cost. We advise on the US and international tax aspects of our product offerings to clients, manage tax audits, and ensure financial reporting and tax returns are filed timely and accurately.
 
We seek a tax expert specializing in European tax matters to join our rapidly growing Global Tax Team as Head of European Tax. As a senior member of the Global Tax team reporting directly to the Global Head of Tax, the person will have extensive interface with key tax personnel and non-tax business executives throughout the organization. A successful candidate must be a collaborative team player who is entrepreneurial, detail-oriented, and an excellent communicator.
 
Responsibilities

Analyze international business activities, financing and commercial transactions, including identifying and evaluating alternatives and recommending solutions to senior management.
Develop a solid understanding of IBKRs business and its product offerings.
Maintain solid knowledge of existing and proposed rules, legislation, rulings, regulations and litigation for all European countries where IBKR operates.
Monitor EU tax-related initiatives and other global tax landscapelegislative changes, such as BEPS, BEPS 2.0, public CBCR reporting, ESG and tax strategy disclosures and other initiatives that seek to enhance tax transparency and reporting by multinationals.
Research European tax law, focusing on Ireland, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, EU Tax Directives, Pillar Two OECD Inclusive Framework and expand for other relevant countries.
Develop a deep understanding of European tax planning on a multinational level, including treasury and transfer pricing.
Guide tax compliance team on European tax filing requirements.
Develop a good understanding of US tax implications for US-headed multinationals.
Monitor and counsel management on global transfer pricing policies and issues, design and implement transfer pricing strategies, and assist in preparing and maintaining transfer pricing documentation.
Manage and oversee tax audits in Europe.
Manage, maintain and enhance processes and systems for VAT and other forms of indirect tax compliance, and develop planning to reduce indirect tax exposure.
Partner with the Client Tax team to provide technical guidance on new product offerings, client impact and IBKRs reporting and withholding obligations.
Work on special projects and administrative matters, including process development, building relationships with business units, and budget development and management.
Assist with research, development and integration of new tax technologies, including tax data collection and automation.
Support Internal AuditRisk Reviews.

 
Qualifications, Skills  Attributes

Minimum of 8 years of experience working in tax with a major, publicly held corporation andor Big 4 public accounting firm or law firm in Europe
Advanced degree in Finance, Accounting or a similar field; a law degree is strongly preferred but not required
Background in a broad range of international tax issues, including inbound, outbound and local European tax issues, with a particular focus on Ireland
Basic understanding of US tax regime that applies to US-headed multinationals, including GILTI, Subpart F, foreign tax credits
Basic knowledge of Tax Accounting and, in particular, US GAAP accounting (including ASC 740-10).
Strong analytical skills and a broad understanding of tax planning on a multinational level
Excellent writing skills
Strong business communication skills with the ability to effectively relate tax issues to non-tax personnel; strong consensus builder and team player
Strong Commercial and business awareness

 
Location of Dublin Office
Interactive Brokers Ireland Limited
North Dock One
9192 North Wall Quay
Floors 67
Dublin, D01 H7V7
 
The role is Hybrid and will require in-office attendance 3 daysweek.
 
LI-RB1
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.