Interactive Brokers Securities Japan, Inc. is expanding its Application Service Group in Tokyo. We are seeking an efficient and self-motivated individual that is hard working, detail-oriented, a quick learner, careful and a problem solver. The ideal person will be able to work well in a team environment. This position requires excellent coordination and strong customer service focus. Part of the role will be to facilitate the client onboarding process by providing account opening guidance while building and maintaining long-term customer relationships as we expand our global service offerings with a focus on Japan. The successful candidate will be the first and most important impression new customers have of Interactive Brokers Securities Japan Inc.
Responsibilities:

Process new account opening documentation for retail and institutional clients in accordance with rules and regulations;
Perform due diligence review and cross reference with multiple databases to ensure regulatory aspects of AML and KYC are completed prior to account opening;
Correspond to inquiries and concerns externally with retail and institutional clients via telephone, e-mail and on-line chat; internally to sales representatives and customer service representatives;
Research and resolve a wide variety of client questionissues on the account opening process;
Multitask with a strong emphasis on AML and KYC knowledge while dealing with incoming customer queries;
Learn all aspects of the IB Brokerage platform and policy that offers alternatives to satisfy customer concerns while complying with policies, practices and procedures;
Work closely with Legal and Compliance, Program Developers, and Project Managers to ensure compliance with new and existing procedures and regulatory requirements;
Ability to identify, analyze, and escalate complex issues;
Excellent troubleshooting and problem resolution skills;
Taking personal responsibility for identifying client needs while providing a high value experience;
Efficient, self-motivated and hard working in a dynamic and fast paced environment; and
Work closely with other New Account teams and the Risk Assessment Team to ensure all financial crime risks are reviewed and evaluated.

 
Qualifications  Experience:

1-2 years experience in securities companies;
AML experience is preferable;
Bachelors degree;
JSDA 1 grade license holder or Obtain certification immediately upon hire;
Native in Japanese;
Excellent written and oral communication skills in English;
Basic understanding of brokerage regulations and rules that govern client accounts;
Demonstrates experience in handling client concerns and issues with tact and diplomacy;
Ability to work independently and effectively as part of a team, while handling multiple tasks and
responsibilities simultaneously.

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Social Security  Insurance benefits
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch ordered in house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with great access to metro
Great work life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.