Join the Interactive Brokers Team!
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983 and we pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. We offer award-winning desktop, mobile and web applications which provide our clients with the tools they need to be successful. Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR); is rated 1 - Best Online Brokers 4 years in a row by Barrons , Best Online Brokers - Barrons Award (read more)
IBKR is  looking for an individual to join our Technical Operations team in Greenwich, CT. In order to provide the best online trading experience in the world, Interactive Brokers software, systems, and other crucial business technology must be maintained, monitored and supported at all times with locations across the globe with vigilance, tenacity and precision. To achieve that goal, Interactive Brokers maintains a small team of cross-trained and exceptionally responsible individuals unbound to one specific skill or discipline. With bushido spirit, these operators develop tools, systems and solutions to ensure the correct function of the various systems encompassing Interactive Brokers platform. The operators gain experience and provide additional value working under the expert direction of senior trade, skill and industry experts to resolve complex issues with specific technology, hardware and software components.
What will you do: 

Monitor all aspects of the Interactive Brokers global brokerage system
Analyze, address, escalate and resolve brokerage system operational issues
Communicate with exchanges to configure, test, and implement new trading technologies
Work with our developers to design new and improved existing brokerage processes
Design and develop new monitoring and automation processes
Act as primary escalation point for any and all technical issues

What you will need:

Bachelors degree or apprenticeship in a technical discipline combined with professional experience
In-depth knowledge of computers, networks and technology in general
The ability to analyze and solve problems promptly and accurately
Willingness to work shifts and weekends
Strong English communication skills

Good to have:

Prior Experience in a Technology Position
Experience with Unix  Linux style command line interfaces
Prior experience with scripting languages (e.g. Shell, Perl, Python)
A keen desire to explore and learn new concepts, systems and technologies

Company Benefits  Perks


Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups


 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.