
About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is Hybrid role (3 days in office 2 days remote)
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Tax Team!
The Interactive Brokers Global Tax Team serves an important role in the success of our business. We mitigate risk and create value for our business and our customers.  We partner with many functions across the company, including Accounting, Treasury, Technology, Customer Service and Marketing, to assist our business for achieving our commitment of delivering value through technological innovation and providing our clients with unprecedented access to global markets at the lowest cost.  The Global Tax Team sets the tax policy for the company, identifies, develops, implements, and manages tax strategies to help minimize our overall tax cost.  We advise on the U.S. and international tax aspects of our product offerings to customers, manage tax audits, and ensure financial reporting and tax returns are filed timely and accurately.
Interactive Brokers seeks a Tax Analyst to support its information reporting and withholding tax operations. The successful candidate will operate across all business units and functional areas within the firm to support our growing brokerage business; including operations, technology, and tax.
The role will be based in Greenwich, CT. Role is Hybrid and will require in office attendance 3 daysweek.
Responsibilities

Support IBs tax information reporting and compliance efforts



Assist with reconciliation of year-end reports versus weekly IRS deposits (945,1042)
Assist with the collection, review, and certification of tax forms
Assist with tax elections process
Assist with responding to customer inquiries regarding FATCA, CRS and related similar international tax and reporting questions
Assist with research and development of new tax technology

Testing of new tax technology features
Support AuditRisk reviews

Qualifications, Skills  Attributes

1 year of relevant experience (desired but not required)
A good understanding of Tax Operations
Bachelors degree in Finance, Accounting or similar field.
Advanced MS Office skills, including MS Excel

Company Benefits  Perks


Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups


 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.