Interactive Brokers (U.K.) Ltd, part of IBKR global financial brokerage services, are on the lookout for a highly organised skilled Compliance Associate. If you have great analytical skills  good working knowledge of MIFID II then apply today!
As a Compliance Associate you will be an integral part of Compliance team and will assist with Compliance responsibilities in market conduct and consumer protection space. You will deliver periodic independent testing and monitoring of operations for adherence to compliance policies and procedures and regulatory requirements while assessing the adequacy and effectiveness of compliance controls.  
The successful candidate will be able to learn and apply business intelligence gathering and reporting skills in a fast paced and complex operating environment.  This role is an opportunity for both Compliance professionals and candidates who have transferable skills of executing a process audit, testing and monitoring work.
This role will work closely with other General Compliance team members on the Pan-European level, divisional compliance teams and other subject matter experts and stakeholders  and excellent opportunity for your personal and professional development. This role will report to the Senior Compliance Officer.
We currently operate a hybrid working model at IBKR, and so you will be able to commute to our fantastic central London office (in the Walkie Talkie Building) 3 days per week, where you will be pleased to hear we offer lunch every day you are in the office from a selection of vendors.
Responsibilities:

Assist with the design, planning and execution of the firms periodic compliance risk assessment.
Execute and assist in optimisation of the firms monitoring and testing program in accordance with industry standards and expectations of management, auditors, and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), covering all regulatory risk overseen by General Compliance notably including Product Governance, PRIIPS, Client Appropriateness, Categorisation, Conflicts of Interest, Financial Promotions, upcoming Consumer Duty and other conduct related matters under MIFID IIFCA Handbook.
Design queries, testing sheets and conduct analysis of processes compliance to measure and provide clear observations of the risk factors and controls.
Effectively and clearly organise and document information arising from the execution of the monitoring and testing programme targeted at different stakeholders; and identify changes and enhancements to the programme as required.
Assist with the maintenance of Compliance Policies and Procedures framework, ensuring all artefacts are updated on a regular basis.
Assist with thematic reviews of IBUKs different business compliance areas.
Monitor changes to the business and areas of regulatory change and work with colleagues to assess the impact on the Compliance testing and monitoring plan and the business.
Support others in the General Compliance team as required.

Key skills, Experience and Behaviours: 

Bachelors degree or equivalent.
Solid experience (ideally 2 years ) as a business analyst, audit, compliance, risk, or other professional, with relevant experience in conducting system or programme testing andor thematic reviews.
Knowledge of the applicable regulatory framework, including Conduct Risk, Consumer Duty, COBS, DISP, SYSC, PROD and other relevant FCA sourcebooks  guidance is a plus.
Excellent communication and written skills, particularly the ability to interpret and transform information into effective and clear language aimed at target audience.
Significant interpersonal skills and the ability to communicate effectively with the key stakeholders inside and outside of the firm to build strong relationships and achieve results.
High degree of comfort with technology and a functional understanding of how technology can be applied to business and regulatory solutions, strong Excel skills.
Ability to work independently and manage multiple, deadline-driven priorities in the fast-paced work environment with strong attention to detail.
Outstanding analytical, problem solving, organisation and follow-up skills.
Ability to work under pressure, formulate and articulate solutions and defend assumptions.
Excellent time management skills combined with the ability to work on your own initiative and exercise judgement with discretion.
Versatile as the needs and demands of the team evolve.

Location:
Walkie Talkie Building, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 3BY
9am  6pm, Monday  Friday
Benefits:

Career support and development
Salary commensurate with experience
Performance based discretionary cash bonus scheme
Discretionary stock grant
Group Life Assurance cover
Group Income Protection
Occupation pension scheme based on Gross earnings
Hybrid working model
Above statutory annual leave, increasing with service
Daily company-paid lunch and healthy snack options throughout the day (when working from the office)
Access to Private Medical Insurance, Dental Plan and  or Health Cash Plan
Corporate events
Travel season ticket loans
Cycle to work scheme

on successful completion of the probation periodCompany Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.