
Job Description  Responsibilities
Interactive Brokers (IBKR) seeks a Corporate Actions Associate to join our European Corporate Actions Department in our Zug, Switzerland office. The Corporate Action Department is responsible for the validation, risk evaluation, processing and post-distribution reconciliation of all corporate reorganizations (e.g., mergers  acquisitions) by European issuers. During their career development, team members will generally gain exposure to various corporate events and securitiesderivatives products and marketplaces. 
 
The Associate will be expected to operate, enhance and test the groups constantly evolving, proprietary Corporate Action systems. Analysis of the integration between vendor data and our proprietary systems and assessment of operational, counterpart and market risk will be an ongoing responsibility. The ideal candidate will be able to interface seamlessly with internal and external clients, counterparties and clearing organizations. All associates are expected to focus on automated solutions to complex problems of varying degrees. Skills required include learning to work with sophisticated computer systems developers, eventually including creating business specifications for new or enhanced system functionality and new product support. Potential candidates are good problem solvers, well-organized, and reliable team players. There will be daily communication with our US headquarters, global corporate actions staff, various counterparties and clearing organizations.
 
Description:

Analyze, monitor, and verify incoming corporate action information and counterparty claims on European voluntary and mandatory actions.
Initiate payments and
Evaluate and reconcile the companys books and records with clearinghouses and banks.
Instruct clearinghouses and banks with our instructions for corporate events.
Organize the instructions from our trading department and customers.
Work on system enhancements to handle existing or new products and markets properly.
Communicate with all the involved internal and external parties.

Qualification  Skills
Qualification:

Commercial apprenticeship, preferably in the banking or finance industry
Experience, coursework andor a strong interest or following of the securities markets.
Knowledge of Securities Lending and Borrowing and derivative products is an advantage.
Proficient MS Office user; eager to learn new programs and products
Languages: Fluent in English (daily use) and German.
Detail-oriented and able to work accurately under pressure
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Excellent attention to detail
Open-minded team player with good comprehension skills

 
If you have ambition, motivation and initiative, we can offer you real responsibility and the opportunity to work in a demanding but rewarding team-oriented environment. Are you interested in this challenging position within a financially successful and technologically advanced organization? We are looking forward to receiving your online application.
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.