Join the Interactive Brokers Team!
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features, all for the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. We offer award-winning desktop, mobile and web applications that provide our clients with the tools they need to be successful. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
Our Trading Platforms group is looking for a Software Developer with good knowledge of the Qt Framework and creating outstanding UI via Qt Widgets. In addition, the candidate must communicate effectively, understand problems and explain their solution. The position is well-suited for an organized individual who can meet deadlines, follow written procedures, collaborate on improvements and be a team player. We are looking for a high-energy, self-starting individual. You will make an immediate impact by helping IBKR develop QML UI components for our NextGen Trading app effort. You will work with the latest technology, watch your projects quickly complete, and enjoy a competitive compensation package.
Qualifications, Skills  Attributes
You will be responsible for:
 

Developing QML UI components for our NextGen Trading app effort
Building modern and responsive UI with different dynamic layouts and changing sizes with QtQML for desktop applications (Windows, Mac, Linux)

Minimum qualifications:

Previous hands-on experience with the Qt framework and Qt Widgets or QML
Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science or a related area
Four years of hands-on experience in Application Development
Good English writtenverbal communication skills and attention to detail
Spend 90 of their time doing hands-on coding
Work well on a team of intelligent, intense and fast-moving co-workers

Preferred qualifications:

Experience building QT Widgets for desktop applications (Windows, Mac, Linux)
Experience Qt Framework and C
Experience implementing CSS styles for Qt

Company Benefits  Perks 

Discretionary, performance-based bonus
Vision and dental care benefits, sports activity compensation
Stock incentive plan
Lunch in the officeThe benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.