 
About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
Interactive Brokers is looking for a Facilities Manager for our NYC office. This role will ensure that the facility is fully operational and meets our global standards. They will work closely with building management, IT support, HR, Operations, and other internalexternal groups. It is important to have strong financial management, project management, reporting and analytics, and communication skills. We are currently renovating the NYC office, and this role will play a critical part in its success.
 
Key Responsibilities 

Oversee the day-to-day operation and maintenance of our facility.
Develop and implement a facility management program, including preventative maintenance and life-cycle requirements.
Ensure the office is compliant with State and Federal regulations.
Ensure all utilities function properly (HVAC, Electric, Fiber, Water).
Schedule and supervise maintenance repair work.
Manage local physical security and safety policies and procedures. 
MAC Work: Moves, Adds, and changes to employee workstations. 
Inventory management of all IT ancillary hardware and building materials.
Maintain space management system.
Project Management. Assist with ongoing projects across North America and Canada.
Produce weeklymonthly reports for senior management.

 
Must have:

Bachelors degree or equivalent professional-level experience
Three-plus years of experience in Facilities Management or equivalent related functions
Three-plus years of Project Management experience
Knowledge of OSHA and other environmental regulations
Knowledge of general maintenance methods, operating requirements, and safety precautions related to facilities managementproject management
Strong procurement and negotiation skills
Strong analytical and reporting skills
Excellent at Excel
Ability to communicate with senior-level staff
Must be able to lift at least 25 lbs.

 
This roles anticipated base salary range is  95,000 to 115,000 annually based on skills and experience. The offered salary is just part of the total compensation package. In addition to a competitive salary, the company offers both a discretionary cash bonus and stock award as well as a wide range of benefits, including health care, tuition reimbursement and much more.
 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus, and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches, and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch stipend and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams

 
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.