
The role
 
Interactive Brokers (U.K.) Limited, based in London, part of IBKR global online financial brokerage services, seeks a generalist compliance professional to join our fast-paced business in a complex operating environment. You will hit the ground running from the start, so we expect you to have relevant experience and a can-do attitude to relish the challenge and pace in helping the business.
 
You will join a dedicated regulatory team in the Compliance department, which looks after multiple aspects of internal, market conduct, and consumer protection Compliance, including any associated second-line controls, and manages advisory and regulatory change projects. Your particular focus will be to design and maintain testing and monitoring programmes for each relevant regulatory area (financial promotions, product governance or others depending on your experience). In a dynamic and complex environment with growing regulatory challenges and product and process innovations, your role will require addressing regulatory change by identifying required systems and controls adaptations.
 
Your responsibilities are separate from anti-money laundering (AML) related tasks, as a different monitoring plan covers these. In your role, you will work with other General Compliance team members at the Pan-European level, other Compliance teams and other subject matter experts and stakeholders, providing an excellent opportunity for personal and professional development. This role will report to the Senior Compliance Officer heading the General Compliance team.
 
We currently operate a hybrid working model at IBKR, so you can commute to our fantastic central London office three days per week, where you will be pleased to hear we offer lunch every day you are in the office from a selection of vendors.
 
You will .

Drive compliance oversight through the testing and monitoring programme, identify areas for enhancements of systems and controls operated by the firm, and support the implementation of required changes;
Execute all testing and monitoring activities in a timely and thorough manner in accordance with industry standards and expectations of management, auditors, and the FCA, covering all regulatory risk overseen by general compliance, notably including Product Governance, PRIIPS, Client Appropriateness, Categorisation, Product Restrictions, Financial Promotions, Consumer Duty and other conduct related matters under MiFID IIFCA Handbook;
Liaise with control owners to discuss and agree on any remedial actions emerging from the testing and monitoring activities and follow through to ensure agreed action plans are met in a timely and accurate manner;
Report on outcomes and conclusions of testing and monitoring and ancillary activities, including the remediation of any gap identified;
Effectively organise and document information arising from the execution of the monitoring and testing programme targeted at different stakeholders. Maintain records of all remediations following assurance work;
Prepare management presentations and communication on regulatory developments and Compliance Monitoring Framework;
Create, maintain, and implement compliance-related policies; conduct internal compliance reviews, and perform legislative and regulatory gap analysis, ensuring all artefacts are updated regularly;
Assist the Compliance department with its advisory role in the business by conducting research, processing requests and queries;
Manage FCAs and European product governance regulatory requirements, including regulatory compliance advise in periodic reviews of regulatory change impact;
Monitor changes to the business and areas of regulatory change and work with colleagues to assess the impact on the compliance testing and monitoring plan and the business;
Support others in the General Compliance team as required.

You have and bring 

Bachelors degree or equivalent.
Prior 3 years experience in regulatory compliance, audit or risk function in an investment or platform-based environment, ideally within areas of General Compliance or Investment Compliance.
Knowledge of the applicable regulatory framework, including Conduct Risk, Consumer Duty, COBS, PERG, SYSC, PROD and other relevant FCA sourcebooks.
Outstanding analytical, problem-solving, organisation and follow-up skills.
An analytical mind and able to recognise and pinpoint the complexities of procedures and regulations but then simplify these for others.
A pragmatic, commercial and creative approach to problem solving and decision-making.
A team player with great people skills who can effectively collaborate with colleagues throughout the business to build strong relationships and achieve results.
High degree of comfort with technology and a functional understanding of how technology can be applied to business and regulatory solutions (strong Excel skills are a must).
Ability to work independently (exercising judgement with discretion) and manage multiple, deadline-driven priorities with strong attention to detail in a fast-paced work environment.
Ability to work under pressure, formulate and articulate solutions and defend assumptions.
Versatile as the needs and demands of the team evolve.

 
Location:
 
20 Fenchurch St, London EC3M 8AF
9 am  6 pm, Monday  Friday
 
Benefits:
 

Career support and development
Salary commensurate with experience
Performance-based discretionary cash bonus scheme
Discretionary stock grant
Group Life Assurance cover
Group Income Protection
Occupation pension scheme based on Gross earnings
Hybrid working model
Above statutory annual leave, increasing with service
Daily company-paid lunch and healthy snack options throughout the day (when working from the office)
Access to Private Medical Insurance, Dental Plan and  or Health Cash Plan
Corporate events
Travel season ticket loans
Cycle to work scheme

Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.