Job Description and Responsibilities:
 
Interactive Brokers Software Service India (IBSSI) is looking for software engineers with iOS experience and working knowledge of both Objective-C and Swift. You will help make our mobile trading applications even better.
If you are proficient in developing mobile applications and user interfaces with the iOS SDK, have solid object-oriented programming experience, love the challenge of developing award-winning solutions, and enjoy working in a dynamic environment with a strong team, then Interactive Brokers may be just the place for you. This job is heavily oriented toward designing, building and optimizing trading applications.
As a mobile application developer, youll join a growing team of highly talented and motivated engineers who are passionate about their work. Youll design, code, test, and maintain software solutions with complete ownership throughout this position.

Research, implement, and provide feedback on technology solutions that extend and improve IBs client-facing applications.
Create robust high-volume production applications and develop prototypes quickly.
Work closely with an engineering team based in other Interactive Brokers offices in Europe and the US.
Collaborate on user interface issues involving access to large amounts of professional data and information.
Solve all problems that come your way, including assisting backend developers when the need arises.

 
Minimum Qualifications:

MCABEBtechMtechME degree in Computer Science or related technical field from a reputed institution.
Three-plus years of relevant work experience and proficiency in developing mobile applications with Swift or Objective-C as the primary language
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Fluency in spoken and written English
Ability to integrate into and work well within a global team

Preferred Qualifications:

Working experience with Git, REST APIs, Debugging and Testing tools.
A strong foundation in computer science, with strong competencies in data structures, algorithms, and software design.
Ability to perform under pressure in time-critical situations using sound judgment and professionalism and switch tasks as needed.
Desire to be very close to technology and are motivated by a technology-centric career.

Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package.
Performance based annual bonus (cash and stocks).
Hybrid working model (3 days officeweek).
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias.
Monthly food card  company paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company sponsored team building events and outings.

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.