
 

As an Android Software Engineer your key responsibilities will be:

Components designimplementation in Java for Android and Kotlin.
Follow specification closely in a time sensitive environment and at the same time provide constructive feedback that improves overall quality.
Utilize best practices and Android Studio to rapidly debug applications, fix performance bottlenecks, and improve customer experience.
Employ techniques and design patterns to create well structured, efficient and maintainable code.

Essential qualifications:

Strong Java Skills.
Technically oriented, proactive, and enthusiastic, with extreme attention to detail.
Bachelors in EE, CS, Math, Physics or similar (masters a plus).
English writtenverbal communication skills.
Mobile development experience andor strong desire to master mobile development for Android.
Should be comfortable working in a team reviewing code from other developers, and providing guidance and mentoring when appropriate.
Familiarity with trading technologies is a plus.

Company Benefits  Perks:

Discretionary annual bonus (cash and stock)
Private healthcare insurance
Free recreational pass (AYCM XL package)
Daily food allowance in the office
Monthly BKK pass
Hybrid way of working (2 days home officeweek)
Modern office in the heart of Budapest with free amenities
Great atmosphere with friendly and exceptional colleagues, frequent company outings.The benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.




You will be part of team that is building one of the worlds strongest brokerage brands, and part of a global enterprise that employs technology in all aspects of its business to generate prudent, controlled growth.

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.