Job Description
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
Interactive Brokers Group is searching for a highly-skilled project manager to contribute to Interactive Brokers growth and help us maintain our position as an innovative authority. The ideal candidate will have experience in financial markets and strong work plan development and progress oversight skills. He or she will be expected to regularly prepare and present progress updates to appropriate management channels to help ensure the innovation we seek is achieved. 
Key Responsibilities:

Lead projects from requirements definition to deployment, identifying schedules, scopes, budget estimations, and project implementation plans, including risk mitigation
Coordinate internal and external resources, ensuring projects remain within scope, schedule, and defined budgets, in collaboration with project staff from various functional departments.
Analyze project progress and, when necessary, adjust scope, timelines and costs to ensure that the project team adheres to project requirements.
Establish and maintain relationships with appropriate client stakeholders, providing day-to-day contact on project status and changes
Establish and maintain processes to manage scope over the project lifecycle, setting project quality and performance standards and assessing and managing risk within and across multiple projects
Develop and maintain relationships with outside resources, including third-party vendors and researchers
Monitor and assign resources appropriately to streamline project efficiency and maximize deliverable outputs.
Report project outcomes andor risks to the appropriate management channels as needed, escalating issues as necessary based on project work plans

 
Skills and Qualifications Required:

Three-plus years of project management experience
Strong attention to deadlines
Proven success working with all levels of management
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong presentation skills
Experience developing in-house platforms for internal processes and client-facing platforms

 
Company Benefits  Perks:

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.