Job Description 
The Senior IT Project Manager works with IT executives to define project priorities and key milestones while coordinating with functional managers to ensure effective task oversight and timely execution. The Senior IT Project Manager is also responsible for coordinating, organizing and scheduling team activities for IT-related projects and effectively curating the overall portfolio. The Senior IT Project Manager maintains, documents, organizes and inventories completed project plans for recycling, reuse, or future scaling activities. The Senior IT Project Manager must be an effective communicator with the tools and strategies to drive IT projects forward.
 
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Experience managing projectsprograms within an IT Infrastructure and Operations environment or similar experience.
A thorough understanding of infrastructure technologies in system, network and data center domains is a plus.
Experience managing dependencies, identifying risks and building consensus across teams on complex technical projects.
Experience applying Agile methodologies and practices supporting multiple teams.
Ability to interact with diverse technical and non-technical groups spanning all organizational levels
Strong analytical and quantitative skills; ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and recommendations
Enjoy leading teams towards self-organization to predicably deliver and continuously improve.
Understanding of the tools and skills required to decompose projects into achievable tasks and goals appropriately sized and timed 
Detailed knowledge and understanding of the Critical Path Method, ability to model, perform and iteratively employ Critical Path Analysis, Program Evaluation and Review processes.
Excellent communication management skills with the ability to effectively and frequently communicate with project team members, managers and executives on key project timelines, priorities and deliverables. Skilled in cross-functional and cross-organizational communication.
Exhibit excellent managerial skills with an ability to grow into a leadership role among project managers in a growing, balancedstrong matrix organizational format. 
Excellent written skills and the ability to accurately and quickly generate, update and manage project proposals, scope statements and mandates.
Familiar with the processestools used to control project schedules, risks, and changes. 
Detailed knowledge and experience with Project Management Software  Microsoft Project or equivalent, etc. 
Detailed knowledge of Collaboration tools like Confluence, Jira, SharePoint, ServiceNow, etc.

Required Qualifications

Degree in IT-related field
Experienced technologist with an in-depth understanding of the IT field, including infrastructure technologies 
Battle-tested project manager with eight years of experience in project management 
Strong and proven organization and communication skills

Preferred Qualifications

Experience with software development or system administration or design and architecture to improve availability, scalability, latency and efficiency
Certifications in Project Management are a plus

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
CPF Contributions
Excellent medical insurance, including dental, specialist and in-patient
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch ordered in house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Corporate discount on selected fitness centers
Great work life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.