

Interactive Brokers (IBKR) seeks an entry-level Associate to join our brokerage operations in Australia. The operations support various post-trade functions for global equities, derivatives, commodities, fixed-income, forex and other investment securities. These functions include electronic trade and position reconciliation, settlement operations and corporation processing and reconciliation. Given IBKRs global footprint, breadth of product offerings, and passion for technology and automation, the brokerage operations represent a unique opportunity to learn many facets of the brokerage business and offer the candidate exciting growth potential.
 
IBKR has developed state-of-the-art proprietary clearing and back-office systems. In this role, you will operate these ever-evolving systems to solve interesting and unique problems in a fast-paced and collaborative environment. The ideal candidate will also be challenged to contribute to developing these systems to achieve higher operational efficiency, risk mitigation, andor support new business or investment products. If you are enthusiastic about the financial markets and brokerage operations, enjoy problem-solving, working with global operations, sophisticated computer systems and their developers, eager to learn new financial products, and want to be a difference maker in a growing company, we welcome your application.
 
QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors Degree in Finance, Economics or Mathematics preferred.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Excellent attention to detail and the drive to efficiently maintain accuracy in a fast-paced environment.
Strong computer skills and competency with MS Office products preferred.
Efficiently handle multiple tasks.
Excellent written and communication skills.
Self-motivated and energetic.

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, specialist and in-patient
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Great work-life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with a growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting



 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.