 
About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About Your Team
Interactive Brokers, a global online securities and commodities broker, seeks a talented Compliance Trainer to join the Learning  Development department. You will play a crucial role in the planning, coordination, execution, and reporting of Compliance training on a global scale, with a primary focus on our North American entities. Training topics encompass AML, CFT, sanctions, securities laws, anti-bribery and corruption, and more. You will report to the Global Compliance Training Manager.
 
What Will Be Your Responsibilities Within IBKR: 

Plan and deliver live training sessions on Compliance topics to all employees.
Onboarding new Compliance hires in North America.
Develop eLearning modules on Compliance and related topics, collaborating with other departments.
Foster a culture of compliance within the company using various mediums, such as handouts and memos.
Draft, maintain, and update Compliance Training policies and procedures.
Monitor training attendance and report completion statuses to relevant stakeholders.
Identify employee training needs and collaborate with Compliance leadership to create training plans.
Conduct data analysis to evaluate feedback and training effectiveness.
Act as a primary liaison for managers to enhance performance in specified areas through training, coaching, and mentoring.
Respond to both internal and external audit inquiries concerning compliance training.
Collaborate closely with the Quality Assurance department to pinpoint deficiencies and analyze performance trends.
Assist in the management of our Learning Management System (LMS).
Support other trainers with their projects as required.

 
Which skills are required:
General Skills

The role requires a high level of engagement with employees, other teams within Learning and Development, and stakeholders. You must possess excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to build and manage relationships, as well as influence others.
It is crucial that you communicate clearly, concisely, and precisely in both written and oral forms.
You should be a team player who seeks to receive and provide constructive feedback to improve the quality of relationships and services within the department.
You have a client-centric spirit and the ambition to deliver the best product.
You have high attention to detail and the ability to create, organize, maintain, and analyze reports effectively.
You should possess excellent project management and organizational skills and be capable of handling multiple projects simultaneously.
You must be a self-starter, flexible, innovative, and adaptive.

Technical Skills

Proficient in MS Office applications (especially Excel and PowerPoint).
Knowledge of Compliance laws, rules, regulations, risks and typologies is highly advantageous - ACAMS, ICA, CFE, CFCS, Series 7, or other FINRA licenses or certifications a plus.
Knowledge of eLearning module creation tools (Storyline and Rise) is
Knowledge of Jira and Confluence is
Experience with LMS systems is

Experience and Qualification

Six or more years experience in a training and development capacity
Bachelors degree

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with a competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events, including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.