Main Responsibilities:
We seek a Software Developer in Test to work closely with the Development  Quality Engineering team to manage our existing automation framework, which enables any user to start a virtualized end-to-end environment in seconds. In the role, you will design and implement an Automation Framework for End Users, which enables them to write integrated automated test cases with data-driven concepts. The person should have extensive knowledge and experience designing test frameworks for trading platforms and enjoy a dynamic, fast-paced environment.
 
The successful individual should be able to navigate and perform well under pressure and possess excellent communication and organization skills. You will be part of the engineering department responsible for designing, implementing and continuously evolving real-time trading, compliance and risk systems.
 
The engineering team is part of the IBKR Brokerage Technology group that designs, implements and continuously evolves our brokerage business.
 
Required Skills:

Deep understanding of Python
Strong domain knowledge and experience with front-office trading applications
Thorough understanding of order management systems, execution management systems, market connectivity and market data
SME in building efficient and scalable automation frameworks using Pytest
Experience in working with LINUX
Experience building a continuous integration pipeline
Self-driven, self-motivated and Problem solver
Working knowledge of GIT
Seven-plus years of experience in Python and the financial services industry
BS Degree

 
Plus Skills:

Regulatory and compliance experience is a plus
Understanding and development experience in Docker
VirtualizationContainerization
Jenkin

Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package.
Performance-based annual bonus (cash and stocks).
Hybrid working model (3 days officeweek).
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities and fully stocked cafeterias.
Monthly food card and company-paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company-provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company-sponsored team-building events and outings.

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.