
Job Description
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
The Financial Analyst will be a member of a team responsible for analyzing the performance of various business and product lines the Company is engaged in and those it is considering. The successful candidate is a dynamic individual capable of consistently producing accurate deliverables, intellectually curious, and can manage multiple tasks simultaneously to meet competing deadlines.
 
Responsibilities:

Competitor and financial market analyses 
Research and development of potential new products and ventures 
Business line and key operating metrics analyses 
Ad-hoc strategic and interdepartmental projects 
Documentation of policies and procedures for the team 

 
A general understanding of the financial markets, effective communication skills and the ability to form opinions and conclusions from analyzing data will lead to success. 
 
Qualifications:

Up to five years of experience 
Strong writing skills and critical thinking 
Strong research skills 
Bachelors degree in Liberal Arts, preferably English, History or Economics 
A high degree of proficiency with MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Word and MS Visio

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.