Job Description and Responsibilities



Description:

Resolve routine and complex client service issues in a thorough and expeditious manner, utilizing sound judgment with an emphasis on courtesy.
Client inquiries typically encompass a broad array of themes including:


Operability of IB Trader Workstation, Web Trader and Mobile Trader execution platforms including trading modules and analytical tools; Cash deposit and withdrawal activity, position transfers, and account administrative functions.
Product availability and attributes; Exchange, clearing and depository functions; Order types and routing logic; Order status, trade and delivery settlement, exercise  assignment, expiration processing, and corporate actions.
Margin calculations; Commission structure, interest and fee.


Coordinate activities with other international Customer Service divisions and interaction with external departments such as Programming, Clearing, Cashiering and Compliance on common issues. Contribute to the development of client service systems, policies and procedures.




Qualifications




Bachelors or advanced degree in finance, economics or related field.
Experience in financial services position (e.g., brokerage, banking, trading, exchange or clearinghouse) preferred but not required
Strong verbal and written communication skills in English to accommodate client inquiries directed via telephone, email and online chat
Fluent in English and RussianSpanish (native speakers preferred); any additional  language is a plus
General understanding of the following financial instruments: stocks, securities options, futures, options on futures, foreign exchange and fixed income
Working knowledge of various exchange operations and regulations, product offerings and specifications, execution platforms and rules, and margin methodologies
Registrations: FINRA Series 7 or ability to obtain this license
Fast learner, proactive and helpful

If you are motivated, have strong initiative, are analytical and methodical; we can offer you a position that will both challenge and reward you. You will be part of an exciting team that is helping to shape one of the worlds strongest trading and brokerage brands.






 


Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.