
Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS team! 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
You will be part of:

The Compliance Technology group, which is a close knitted group seeking a self-starter that enjoys the craft of coding and developing innovative solutions. We provide automated solutions for global and legal compliance departments.

Your responsibilities include:

Effectively communicating with the business side to gather requirements and take a project from conception to completion.
Writing maintainable software that is durable and easy to change.

You are someone with:

A Bachelors in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or Computer Engineering
One plus years of hands-on development experience using Python
Experience writing SQL and designing database tables
Experience working with git version control
Experience with REST Webservices
Good Unix  Linux knowledge and basic shell scripting skills
Experience writing technical specifications and documentation
Experience writing unit and acceptance tests

Good to have:

NodeJS  GO skills
Test-driven development experience
Full Stack development experience
Jira and Confluence experience
Experience with Django, VueJS, Git, Pandas

To be successful in this position, you have:

The ability to solve problems and learn business rules and processes.
A startup personality and enjoy working as part of a team.
The ability to thrive in a fast-paced, rapid-growth environment.
Skills to communicate clearly and effectively to both technical peers and business customers.

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with a competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events, including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups.
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.