Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Team!
Interactive Brokers Group has consistently been at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform.
Interactive Brokers has been the pioneer of the electronic trading revolution. We rapidly scaled from a small US options market-maker into a sizable global trading firm by leveraging the power of technology and automation. IBKR provides low-cost brokerage services to individuals and institutions seeking alternatives to high-priced firms. We serve over 2.0M clients in over 200 countries and territories worldwide. Since our inception, we have been committed to delivering value through technological innovation and providing our clients unprecedented access to global markets at the lowest cost.
 
About the Role 
As a Cloud Platform Engineer, you will be a vital member of the Enterprise Architecture organization responsible for cloud architecture, design, automation, and engineering. The role works with IT leadership to establish and formalize the Cloud Platform Engineering practice as part of the cloud operating model, produce clean, reusable, well-tested code and create documentation outlining system designs.
 
What You Do

Plan, design, test, and deploy infrastructure as code
Write infrastructure as code using Terraform to build a global Terraform registry
Work closely with cloud architects to create solutions
Manage the cloud platform engineering team under the Enterprise Architecture organization

What You Have

Seven-plus years of IT management experience
Seven-plus years of hands-on cloud engineering experience with public clouds (AWS required)
Experience building and leading engineering teams
Experience in designing, building, and running enterprise-scale workloads in cloud infrastructure (AWS required)
Knowledge and understanding of CICD pipelines and infrastructure as code (IaC)
Knowledge of and experience with serverless solutions in AWS
Experience with programming languages such as Java, Python, Node.js
Experience developing and maintaining IaC for cloud-based solutions
Experience with Terraform and Terraform Enterprise
Exceptional personal communication and teamwork interaction skills
Proven leadership skills and demonstrated ability to mentor, influence and partner with engineering teams to deliver scalable, robust solutions.
Willingness to learn and improve

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with a competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events, including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

LI-SB1Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.