Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Team!
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About your team:
IBKR is looking for a developer to join the Enterprise Tools team. This individual will initially develop solutions within various ServiceNow application suites. Currently, the Enterprise Tools team supports Human Resources, IT Service Management, and Security Operations solutions in ServiceNow. In addition, it also supports integrations with ADP, Adobe, Docebo, Azure AD, Greenhouse Recruiting, and our internal IT Asset Management tool. The ServiceNow Developer facilitates the design, development, and support of our supported applications and system integrations between ServiceNow and other internal systems and cloud-based application platforms.
 
What will be your responsibilities within IBKR: 

Design and develop solutions for the ServiceNow platform, from current feature enhancements and bug fixes to full application suite deployment. 
Provide strategic and tactical support to organizational stakeholders and end-users of ServiceNow and other enterprise application products.
Analyze, prioritize, triage, and resolve Support tickets and requests.
Work with internal IT teams to design, develop andor facilitate infrastructure automation.
Carry out agile sprint-defined development tasks to support release cycles, including the execution of development, unit testing, functional testing, and overall peer review of team member work.
Build and maintain documentation, training materials, and support guidelines.

What required skills will you need:

A Bachelor of Science in Computer Science or any related field
7 years of professional programming or infrastructure engineering experience
Demonstrable ServiceNow administration and development experience with platform features, including client and server JavaScript development, GlideAjax, Service Catalog administration, Flow Designer and Integration Hub, Transform Mapping, Business Rules, and Script Includes.
A strong understanding of ITIL and experience with configuration management database setupsupport and workflow management
Development experience with HRSD, ITSM, SecOps, or CSM ServiceNow application suites
API and RESTful web services development experience leveraging JSON, XML, and YAML
A willingness to learn and support additional platform features and applications as necessary
Strong verbal and written communication skills

 
Preferred skills:

Experience with designing, developing, and configuring ServiceNow UX features such as Next UI, Service Portal widgets, and UI Builder workspaces
Demonstrated an ability to configure Performance Analytics solutions
Development experience with App Engine Studio
Experience supporting business requirements and developing processes using Lean Architecture and Agile methodologies
Familiarity with HardwareSoftware Asset Management ServiceNow application suites
Automated Testing Framework configuration and deployment experience
Non-JS Scripting Language Fluency (Python, Ruby, Perl, PowerShell, Bash, etc.)
Deployed and supported solutions based on common IT Automation tools (Ansible, Jenkins, Chef, Puppet, etc.)
ServiceNow Certifications related to the development and administration of various products on the platform
Industry certifications related to Atlassian application administration, Ansible, Jenkins, Puppet, Ruby or any other related technology
Experience administering Atlassian applications such as Jira and Confluence

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.