
Due to the rapid growth and expansion of our business activities in various markets, we have the following full-time opening for an experienced, motivated, and technology-oriented individual for a Canadian French Financial Translator (English to Canadian French and vice versa).
 
Responsibilities:
We are looking for a professional translator with a strong focus on economics and finance and the ability to work efficiently to meet tight deadlines in a fast-paced environment. In this position, you will be required to:

Translate website content and account applications, such as Client Portal, Registration System, Trader Workstation, etc.
Translate client communication letters, bulletins, and announcements
Translate Webinar notes
Plan and carry out research projects, including extraction of terminology from texts and use of term base
Perform quality assurance on existing translations (proofread and edit)
Document processing

 
Qualifications: 

Native Canadian French speaker
Proficient in English
MA or BA degree in Translation or related discipline OR 5 years of relevant experience with a financial institution
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Familiar with MS Office and basic knowledge of CAT tools
Knowledge of financial and trading terminology
Proven time-management and organizational skills
Personality: Self-confident, open, flexible, and able to work independently in a team-oriented environment

 
Company Benefits and Perks
IBKR offers a competitive remuneration package including:

Health, dental, disability and life insurance with 100 premiums covered.
Company RSP contribution matching, Stock incentive plan

Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.