
About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About your team:
Interactive Brokers is looking for a highly analytical problem solver with a strong markets background for the position of Economist. This individual will be a part of the economics group and be responsible for analyzing financial trends, advising businesses on economic decisions, and developing econometric forecasting models, as well as training material and content. The individual will have the ability to be proactive and reactive to business needs.
 
Responsibilities:

Collecting and analyzing financial, political, and socioeconomic data.
Making use of historical data.
Analyzing market trends.
Advising businesses and governments on economic decisions.
Consulting clients on the efficacy of political policies, products, or services.
Studying the economic impact of laws and regulations.
Developing statistical and econometric models for economic forecasting.
Develop Training Content for different areas of the business and sales
Communicating data through presentations, technical reports, and non-technical reports.
Contributing to publications or economic journals.

 
Qualifications, Skills  Attributes:

Advanced Degree (Masters or PhD) in Economics required
4 years of experience in the financial industry
Strong Mathematical Skills
Strong Strategic Thinking Skills
Outstanding written and verbal communication.
Attention to detail is a must.
Knowledge of common web-publishing software

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with a competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.