About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (four days in the officeone day remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About The Team
 
As a Global Category Leader  IT Software and Services, you will work with Sr. Director  IT Procurement and Vendor Management. This individual will be the trusted advisor to the Global IBG stakeholders and facilitate complex, strategic sourcing initiatives and contract negotiations for procuring Software, SaaS, CSP and IT services. This individual will be expected to lead teams of key cross-functional stakeholders through the strategic sourcing process and leverage IBKRs purchasing power to drive measurable commercial improvements. This individual must be experienced in sourcing and negotiating enterprise software, SaaS, CSP and IT services contracts.
 
Responsibilities:

Lead complex, enterprise-wide sourcing initiatives and contract negotiations, including but not limited to AWS, GCP, and MicrosoftAzure.
Deliver cost-saving and avoidance targets by identifying new opportunities like Enterprise discount programs, long-term contracts, commit to consume models, etc.
Collaborate globally with colleagues in technology, finance, and operations roles.
Conduct market research and maintain a working knowledge of current business trends, including industry changes, cost drivers, global pricing, market conditions and economic indicators to identify new andor alternate sources of supply, as needed.
Conduct ongoing benchmark reviews and perform complex financial analyses, projections, and evaluations of supplier proposals.
Act as a liaison between internal stakeholders and vendors to ensure compliance with sourcing and contracting policies and procedures.
Manage specific supplier relationships and ensure the ongoing management of performance, quality, cost, contractual commitments, etc.
Participate in regular supplier business reviews that address supplier performance, technology roadmaps, business growth strategies, and supply market changes.
Prepare and share summaryrecommendations with senior management regarding sourcing and contracting progress and actions to close.
Procurement approver of new supplier registrations and request for purchases etc.

Qualification:

Bachelors degree required with a degree in Finance, Business Administration or Supply Chain Management, preferred.
Seven-plus years of professional experience in IT Software sourcing  procurement
Ability to effectively manage large, complex, strategic projects with aggressive milestones, significant risk components and multi-million annual value
Experience and success using a structured strategic sourcing process.
A highly effective negotiator with the ability to influence executives both internally and externally
Strong organizational awareness and ability to plan and make decisions using sound judgment
Excellent written and verbal communications directed at internal and external parties as well as towards the development of RFxs, contract documents and executive presentations
Proactive and collaborative approach delivering superior internal client engagement
Strong analysis and problem-solving capabilities (i.e., analyze spend data and translate it into actionable sourcing strategies).

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.