Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Team!
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983 and we pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform.
As a Desktop Support  Service Desk Specialist, you will provide first level response within Interactive Brokers (IB) on any information technology related issues regarding the Microsoft Windows platform. You will assist business and development end-users over the phone, by email and through a centralized ticketing system to resolve or escalate any IT issues. This position requires good technical knowledge and polished communications skills. The key competencies include intermediate knowledge of Windows and networking technologies with a strong motivation to advance your skills. You need to have patience with those who are less technically savvy, and ability to function in a fast-paced business environment with a high sense of urgency. Additional requirements for this role are dependability and willingness to go above and beyond the call of duty in assisting end-users and following technical issues through to resolution.
 
Essential Job Functions:

Provide technical assistance and support for reported issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware on a timely basis to meet department SLAs
Use all means possible to assist users including by phone, via email, in-person, or using remote support tools.
Resolve issues related to desktops, laptops, virtual machines, smartphones, scanners, printers, and other peripherals used by employees.
Install operating systems, applications, hardware drivers, and customize system settings following department standards.
Analyze problems using troubleshooting skills and diagnostic tools to locate root cause of the problem and provide a permanent solution to the issue to prevent reoccurrence.
Documents issue resolution to department knowledge base to reference in future incidents and contributes to the creation of self-help articles for employee access.
Provide timely updates of all activity for assigned incidents including user contact attempts, and issue resolution details within incident management system; escalating incidents to other support teams where necessary.
Participates in department or firmwide projects as instructed by IT Department management
Contributes to departmental productivity and development objectives by participating in training programs and team meetings.
Interfaces with employees, supervisors, directors, and C-level executives employing a high degree of tact and diplomacy to promote a positive image of the department. Resolves problem situations in a professional manner.
Maintains excellent verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical colleagues at all levels in the organization.
Participates in schedule as assigned to provide coverage.

Knowledge, Education and Skills Required:

Associates Degree in Computer Science or equivalent combination of education, experience and training that provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities preferred.
A, Network, Microsoft, VMWare certifications preferred, but not required.
Minimum 1 year of technical support experience
Possess strong abilities in organizing, prioritizing and multitasking
Expected to be a team player who shares knowledge for collective growth.
Able to communicate technical terms to non-technical stakeholders.
Must have strong interpersonal, communication (written and oral), and customer service skills.
Pays close attention to detail, displays flexibility, works independently and a demonstrated self-directionself-starter.
Display resourcefulness when solutions are not evident and takes initiative to address problems independently
Ability to manage multiple high priority initiatives in a fast paced highly technical environment

Technical Experience Required:

Strong knowledge of Microsoft Windows desktop operating systems.
Strong diagnostic troubleshooting skills, must have an innate curiosity and interest in IT.
Strong knowledge of the Microsoft Office suite.
Working knowledge of TCPIP protocol stack, and Wi-Fi.
Working knowledge of DNS, and DHCP.
Working knowledge of supporting pcs in a domain environment.
Working knowledge of Office 365 cloud application suite
Working knowledge of desktop imaging, application deployment, and hard drive encryption
Working knowledge of active directory, domains and group policies.
Windows server experience a plus.

Company Benefits  Perks


Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups


 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.