Interactive Brokers seeks an entry level individual that is hard working, detail-oriented, a quick learner, careful and a problem solver.  The ideal person will be able to work well in a team environment.  This position requires excellent coordination and strong customer service focus.
 Responsibilities:
 Process new account openings documentation in accordance with rules and regulations Assist the Compliance Officer with the approval process of new account applications on a daily basis Cross reference multiple databases for potential undesirable client matches Ensure that the account opening process satisfies the clients needs by means of complete and through responses to account opening questions and concerns Correspond with clients, sale representatives and customer service representatives Follow internal policy and procedures when dealing with any account-related suspicious activity General administrative support
Qualifications:
 Fluency in English, Mandarin andor Cantonese.  Any additional foreign languages are a plus. Chinese typing skills highly preferred Proficiency in basic PC applications Detail-oriented Hardworking Quick Learner Careful Good problem solver Able to perform accurate work in a fast-paced working environment Excellent teamwork Strong customer service focus
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, specialist and in-patient  
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch ordered in house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Great work life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting.

 
 
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.