Interactive Brokers Canada seeks motivated, analytical and methodical individuals with a financial services industry background and professional demeanor to be part of an exciting Client Services team helping to shape one of the worlds strongest trading and brokerage brands. The ideal candidate will be friendly, enjoy helping clients, and be comfortable with new technologies.
 
The representatives key responsibilities are to resolve routine and complex client service issues thoroughly and expeditiously, utilizing sound judgment and emphasizing courtesy.
 
Client inquiries typically encompass a broad array of themes, including:


Problem management with a focus on wide-scale service issues, including (but not limited to) trade and margin analysis, a wide range of products (cash market and derivatives) and global exchanges, order types, and transmission and execution inquiries.
Assistance with trading platform operation and features, including analyzing and testing existing systems and procedures to recommend and help implement enhancements.
Margin calculations, commission structure, interest and fee


 
In addition to client service, the position requires collaboration with other local and international Client Service divisions and interaction with external departments such as Programming, Clearing, Cashiering and Compliance on common issues.
 
Team members can learn and grow throughout their IBKR career and are encouraged to contribute to developing Client Service systems, policies and procedures.
 
Job Qualifications
Core Competencies:

Strong product knowledge  Equities, Options, Futures, Options on Future, FX, and Fixed Income
Self-starter with a highly analytical and critical-thinking mindset
Can handle stress and work independently and autonomously in a quick and spontaneous environment
Communicate effectively and precisely under changing circumstances

Requirements:

Bachelors or advanced degree is required.
Minimum two years experience at a global financial institution (new graduates who demonstrate a strong grasp of the core competencies will also be considered)
Working knowledge of various exchange operations and regulations, product offerings and specifications, execution platforms and rules, and margin methodologies.
Excellent command of written and spoken English  French

 
IBKR offers a competitive remuneration package including:

Health, dental, disability and life insurance with 100 premiums covered.
Company RSP contribution matching, Stock incentive plan

We thank all applicants; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.