Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Team!
Interactive Brokers has been at the forefront of the Fin-tech space for over 42 years and we pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers.
We are looking for a DevOps Engineer with good technical knowledge and ability to communicate effectively understanding complex problems and explain their solution. The position is well-suited for an organized individual who can meet deadlines, follow written procedures.
You will be part of:
A new Brokerage Operations team that will work closely with developers helping them with the day to day operations. As part of this team, you will build or use tools to collect and analyze data that will help understand the quality of services and debug operational related issues
You will be responsible to:

Implement tools to scale applications written in various languages (Java, C, etc), setup alerts and monitoring.
Help the brokerage software development teams with reviewing and collecting information related to operational issues.
 Review and document complex projects with many stakeholders.
Research and deploy new technologies to drive innovation and continuous improvement at IBKR

You are someone who will have:

Bachelors Degree (or higher), in Computer Science or any STEM-related discipline.
5 years of experience in Java, CC, Python andor shell scripting.
Experience with UnixLinux operating systems, especially Red Hat distributions.
Experience configuring, deploying, monitoring, and supporting Java and Python applications
Familiarity with distributed version control systems, especially Git.
Self-starter attitude that is comfortable working both independently and collaborating with your team.

Good to have:

Experience with virtualization technologies such as VMware, Docker, and Kubernetes.
A systematic problem-solving approach coupled with strong communication skills and a sense of ownership and drive.

 
This roles anticipated base salary range is 135,000 to 150,000 annually based on skills and experience. The offered salary is just part of the total compensation package. In addition to a competitive salary, the company offers both a discretionary cash bonus and stock award as well as a wide range of benefits, including health care, tuition reimbursement and much more
Benefits to work with us:

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan (401K) with company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off along and generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities with Udemy
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.