
Interactive Brokers, a global online securities and commodities broker, is seeking a talented Compliance Trainer to join the Learning  Development department. You will play a crucial role in the planning, coordination, execution, and reporting of Compliance training on a global scale, with primary focus on APAC entities. Training topics encompass areas such as AML, CFT, sanctions, securities laws, anti-bribery and corruption, among others. You will report to the Global Compliance Training Manager.
Responsibilities:

Plan and deliver live training sessions on Compliance topics to all employees.
Onboarding new Compliance hires in APAC.
Develop eLearning modules on Compliance and related topics, collaborating with other departments.
Foster a culture of compliance within the company using various mediums, such as handouts and memos.
Draft, maintain, and update Compliance Training policies and procedures.
Monitor training attendance and report completion statuses to relevant stakeholders.
Identify employee training needs and collaborate with Compliance leadership to create training plans.
Conduct data analysis to evaluate feedback and training effectiveness.
Act as a primary liaison for managers to enhance performance in specified areas through training, coaching, and mentoring.
Respond to both internal and external audit inquiries concerning compliance training.
Collaborate closely with the Quality Assurance department to pinpoint deficiencies and analyze performance trends.
Assist in the management of our Learning Management System (LMS).
Support other trainers with their projects as required.

General Skills:

The role requires a high level of engagement with employees, other teams within Learning and Development, and stakeholders. You must possess excellent interpersonal skills, with the ability to build and manage relationships, as well as influence others.
It is crucial that you can communicate clearly, concisely, and precisely in both written and oral forms.
You should be a team player who seeks to both receive and provide constructive feedback to improve the quality of relationships and services within the department.
You have a client-centric spirit and the ambition to deliver the best possible product.
You have a high level of attention to detail and the ability to create, organize, maintain, and analyze reports effectively.
You should possess excellent project management and organizational skills, with the capability to handle multiple projects simultaneously.
You must be a self-starter, flexible, innovative, and adaptive.

Technical Skills:

Proficient in MS Office applications (especially Excel and PowerPoint).
Knowledge of Compliance laws, rules, regulations, risks and typologies is highly advantageous - ACAMS, ICA, CFE, CFCS, Series 7, or other FINRA licenses or certifications a plus.
Knowledge of eLearning module creation tools (Storyline and Rise) is
Knowledge of Jira and Confluence is
Experience with LMS systems is
MSc in Compliance is advantageous.

Experience and Qualification:

6 years  experience in a training and development capacity
Bachelors degree

Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package.
Performance based annual bonus (cash and stocks).
Hybrid working model (3 days officeweek).
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias.
Monthly food card  company paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company sponsored team building events and outings.

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.
 
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.