Position
IBKR is looking for motivated, analytical and methodical individuals with financial services industry background and professional demeanour to be part of an exciting team that is helping to shape one of the worlds strongest trading and brokerage brands.
The ideal candidate will be friendly, enjoy helping clients and comfortable with new and changing technologies.
Responsibilities

Handling clients inquiries pertaining to IBKRs security system via phone, chat and tickets.
Problem management with focus on security protocols and practices.
Assisting clients in the configuration and use of IBKRs two-factor authentication smart phone app.
Identification and escalation of issues pertaining the secure login of clients using IBKRs smart phone app.

Qualifications

Good mastery of Windows andor macOS computer system and basic office applications.
Experience and advanced user knowledge of both iOS and Android smart phone operating systems.
Excellent knowledge of apps and smartphones.
Previous experience in a customer service role.
Languages: fluency in English, any additional language is a plus.

Required Skills

Excellent and demonstrable client services.
Navigating multiple computer applications while interacting with clients.
Analytical approach to problem solving.
Ability to engage and maintain a conversation with clients.
Ability to learn and adapt to new information and technology platforms.
Personality: self-confident, open, extroverted, good communication skills, flexible and able to work independently in a team-oriented environment.


Company Benefits  Perks 

Discretionary, performance based bonus
Vision and dental care benefits, sport activity compensation
Stock incentive plan
Lunch in the officeThe benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.