Interactive Brokers Hong Kong Limited (IBHK) is expanding its Application Service Group (ASG) within the New Accounts Department at our Hong Kong location. We are searching for candidates with prior experience in the financial services industry, with extraordinary attention to detail, and strong communication skills. The client service department is a liaison to Interactive Brokers retail and Institutional clients.
The IBHK ASG is accountable for providing high quality client service to our sophisticated retail clients, HNWI, financial advisors, hedge fund operators, corporates, and other broker-dealers. We aim to facilitate the client onboarding process by providing account opening guidance while building and maintaining long-term customer relationships as we expand our global service offerings. As part of the ASG, the successful candidate will be the first and most important impression new clients have of Interactive Brokers.
Responsibilities

Correspond to inquiries and concerns externally with retail and institutional clients via in-person meetings, telephone, e-mail and on-line messaging, internally to sales representatives and customer service representatives;
Research and resolve a wide variety of client question andor issues on the account opening process;
Multitask with a strong emphasis on AML and KYC knowledge while dealing with incoming customer queries;
Learn all aspects of the IB Brokerage platform and policy that offers alternatives to satisfy customer concerns while complying with policies, practices and procedures;
Work closely with Legal and Compliance, Program Developers, and Project Managers to ensure compliance with new and existing procedures and regulatory requirements;
Ability to identify, analyze, and escalate complex issues;
Excellent troubleshooting and problem resolution skills;
Taking personal responsibility for identifying client needs while providing a high value experience;
Efficient, self-motivated and hard working in a dynamic and fast paced environment; and
Work closely with other New Account teams and the Risk Assessment Team to ensure all financial crime risks are reviewed and evaluated.

Qualifications  Experience:

Bachelors degree
Experience:  2-3 years in Client Service andor Financial Service preferred. Fresh graduates with a Finance, Law, Accounting, or Information Systems, etc. who are motivated and demonstrate the right aptitude will also be considered;
Excellent written and oral communication skills in English and Cantonese; Mandarin is advantageous;
Minimum of 2 years experience and familiarity, preferably gained in brokerage or corporate banking environment, Demonstrates experience in handling client concerns and issues with tact and diplomacy;
Strong research, investigatory, and problem-solving skills;
Able to multitask various projects and firm initiatives;
Intermediate experience with MS Outlook, MS Word, and MS Excel; and
Ability to work independently and effectively as part of a team, while handling multiple tasks and responsibilities simultaneously.

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, specialist and in-patient  
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch ordered in house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Great work life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting.

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.