We are currently looking for an Infrastructure Automation Developer who is passionate about all areas of software development and computer infrastructure automation.
 
The developer will design, deploy, maintain and document automation platforms and services critical to Interactive Brokers Infrastructure. The candidate would be responsible for developing and deploying technologies that interact with Interactive Brokers computer infrastructure pragmatically, including building self-service solutions.
 
A desirable candidate will have broad technical knowledge of standard Linux servers, networks, and storage systems. The candidate must also be proficient in Virtualization, including VMware  Kubernetes. An ideal candidate would also be familiar with storage technologies, including NetApp, 3PAR, and Brocade and have experience with Block and Object Storage technologies (S3 andor MinIO). A major benefit is a practical experience with time series database technologies, PrometheusThanosCortexMimir. We are also integrating our automation platforms with ServiceNow, so any experience with ServiceNow integration would also be a benefit.
 
The candidate must have demonstrated experience in development tooling platforms that allow for automated configuration management, incident management, system provisioning, capacity management and software release management. These include but are not limited to, Python, Ansible, AWXTower, Terraform, RestAPI-based communications, and similar interactive tools.
 
We are looking for a developer with a software development skillset that goes beyond code development. The developer must understand standard software release methodologies, including CICD, code repository (git) best practices, working in sprint cycles, and using IDEs.
 
Qualifications, Skills  Attributes
 
Minimum qualifications:
 

Four-six years of direct experience designing, installing andor managing enterprise-scale automation,
Three years of demonstrated experience in a large enterprise with a focus on tool development and deployment, including documentation and cross-training end-users,
Two years of development experience deploying and supporting self-service solutions. Relevant work experience, including LinuxUnix systems administration, integration testing and scripting experience in Shell scripting, Python, AWX or other web front-ends.
Versed in various hardware and software manufacturers, experience in mixed vendor environments such as Cisco, VMware, Linux, and NetApp. This includes developing and deploying solutions based on open-source solutions and technologies.
Excellent written and oral communication skills with experience presenting highly conceptual designs to executives, mid-level management, and peer engineers.

 
Preferred qualifications:
 

Experience programming in Python,
Experience with Ansible playbook design and execution,
Experience with Linux-based operating systems,
Experience with VMware andor Kubernetes,
Experience with storage platforms such as NetApp, 3PAR, and Brocade,
Familiarity with Python Web Application Frameworks, for example, Flask or Django,
Familiarity with web services technologies such as REST and gRPC
Development of a CICD Environment
Leveraging vendor APIs to configure and gather data from network devices
Working knowledge of common visibility platforms such as Grafana, Prometheus, Loki, etc.
Experience with container virtualization technologies
Knowledgeable in security procedures and best practices

Company Benefits  Perks

Salary commensurate with experience. Performance based cash bonus and stock grant.
Excellent health and wellness benefits including medical, dental, vision, retirement plan with a company match, paid time off.
Hybrid work model.
Daily company-paid lunch and healthy snack options throughout the day.
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams.
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities.

 
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.