Due to the continued expansion of our business activities, we have the following exciting opportunity for a motivated professional.
 
Key Responsibilities

Investigation of client inquiries encompassing a broad array of themes, including margin analysis, position liquidations, trade cancellation requests, order trigger conditions, products and global exchanges, order status and execution inquiries
Resolve routine and complex client inquiries, concerns and complaints via telephone, tickets, and chats thoroughly and expeditiously, utilizing sound judgment emphasizing courtesy.
Familiarize with various proprietary platforms, including trading systems and administrative portals, to educate clients to align with our self-service and highly automated business model.
Assist and support the Quality Assurance Department with complaint resolution.
Coordinate activities with other local and international Client Service divisions and interact with external departments such as Programming, Clearing, Cashiering and Compliance and other service groups worldwide.
Analysis of existing systems and procedures to recommend and assist in implementing enhancements
Contribute to the development of client service systems, policies and procedures.

Qualifications  Experience

Fluent in English and German - any other language skill is a plus
Strong verbal and written communication skills
University degree in finance, economics or a related field
Minimum two years of financial industry experience
In-depth understanding of financial markets, margin methodologies, execution platforms, exchange operations and regulations
Excellent products knowledge: Equities, Options, Futures, Options on Futures, Fixed income, Mutual Funds, FX, CFDs, Crypto
Strong PC technologies proficiency; Advanced Excel, Office Suite, Email
Trouble-shooter with a critical thinking mindset, passionate about technology and financial markets
Self-starter, able to handle stress, with the ability to work independently as well as part of a team
FINRA SIE and Series 7 or interest in obtaining the certification

Company Benefits  Perks

Discretionary annual bonus (cash and stock)
Private healthcare insurance
Free recreational pass (AYCM XL package)
Daily food allowance in the office
Monthly BKK pass
Hybrid way of working (2 days home officeweek)
Modern office in the heart of Budapest with free amenities
Great atmosphere with friendly and exceptional colleagues and frequent company outings

The benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.
If you are motivated, have strong initiative, and are analytical and methodical; we can offer you a position that will challenge and reward you. You will be part of an exciting team helping shape one of the worlds strongest trading and brokerage brands.Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.