 
IBKR is looking for motivated, analytical and methodical individuals with financial services industry background and professional demeanor to be part of an exciting team that is helping to shape one of the worlds strongest trading and brokerage brands.
The ideal candidate will display passion, integrity, commitment and drive to deliver a positive, differentiated service.
Responsibilities

Pro-active handling of client exceptional inquiries via call backs - verbal and video client verification;
Handling escalations of client inquiries pertaining to IBKRs security system via tickets;
Problem management with focus on security protocols and practices;
Handling escalations of suspicious client activity or behavior to IBKRs security team.

Qualifications and Skills:

2 years experience in an information or fraud prevention role with application security
BSc in STEM areas (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics
Good mastery of Windows andor macOS computer systems and basic office applications
Experience and advanced user knowledge of both iOS and Android smart phone operating systems
Languages: Good English and Cantonese. Any additional language is a plus.
Analytical approach to problem solving
Organized, practical, good attention to detail
Excellent communication (spoken and written) and interpersonal skills
Ability to engage and maintain a conversation with clients
Ability to build rapport, handle objections and actively steer communications with the goal to collect required information and assist
Ability to learn and adapt to new information and technology platforms
Navigating multiple computer applications while interacting with clients
Personality: Self-confident, open, extroverted, flexible and able to work independently in a team-oriented environment

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
CPF Contributions
Excellent medical insurance, including dental, specialist and in-patient
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch ordered in house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Corporate discount on selected fitness centers
Great work life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting

 
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.