Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Team!Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983 and we pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. We offer award-winning desktop, mobile and web applications which provide our clients with the tools they need to be successful.
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR); is rated 1 - Best Online Brokers 4 years in a row by Barrions , Best Online Brokers - Barrons Award (read more). As if today March 2022, we serve 1.54M clients in over 200 countries and territories worldwide. Since inception, we have been committed to delivering value through technological innovation, and providing our clients with unprecedented access to global markets at the lowest cost.
You will be responsible to: 

Troubleshooting, diagnosing and resolving hardware, software, and other network and system problems
Daily monitoring ,  Perform troubleshooting to system failures and identify bottlenecks to ensure long term efficiency of the global network
Manage and fine tune network monitoring and capacity management applications to reduce noise and deliver meaningful insights. 
Able to manipulate, analyze, and interpret data
Ability to learn and research new applications
Documenting procedures and processes
Organize, schedule and perform upgrades and maintenance on network components
Perform troubleshooting to system failures and identify bottlenecks to ensure long term efficiency of network
Perform basic administration of Network Switches, access points and routers.

You are someone who has:

5 Years of networking experience
Minimum qualification should be a CCNA or equivalent
Knowledge of Routing and Switching systems; strong understanding of Routing Protocols (OSPF, EIGRP, and BGP) and Gateway Redundancy Protocols (HSRP, VRRP)
Knowledge of VoIP, Multicast, STP, VTP and Virtual LANs, Network Security (ACLs, IPSec Tunnels), Firewalls (Security Appliances), Netflow, IPSLA, and VPN technologies
Ability to administer, and troubleshoot network infrastructure devices, including wireless access points, firewall, routers, switches, controllers.
Must have network level troubleshootingunderstanding of network switching (L1-L7)
Previous experiences in an ITtechnical helpdesk roleenvironment
Experience with Wi-Fi platforms and access point deployments
Understanding of networking concepts such as DNS, DHCP, Email, HTTP, SSL, and TCPIP
Must have good oral and written communication skills including the ability to listen and explain technical terms

What other skills can make you successful in this position:

Strong analytical skills and the ability to think outside the box
Strong interpersonal skills; customer service orientation
Excellent analysis, critical thinking and problem-solving skills with great attention to detail and a methodical work style
Proactive, solutions minded mindset

Company Benefits  Perks


Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups


 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.