
Position
Interactive Brokers has been at the forefront of the Fintech space for over 40 years, and we pride ourselves on being a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features, all for the lowest cost.
 
Job Description
Interactive Brokers Group (IBG) is looking for a Senior Data Scientist. In this role, you should be highly analytical and passionate about analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting our data. Passion for machine learning and research is a big plus.
 
Your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better business and technological decisions. We seek someone to execute analytical tasks on large data sets to support decision-makers and provide insight and reports about our platforms. The Senior Data Scientist role will use data to help us better understand who our clients are, how they engage with our products and services and how we can better serve them by identifying interesting and useful trends in our data. You will make an impact by using your passion for data and analysis to generate actionable insights that we will use to improve the experience for our clients.
 
 You will be expected to

Collect and analyze various telemetry and behavioral data.
Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes.
Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data.
Clean and prepare data for Machine Learning and AI
Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns.
Assist with designing and running AB tests.
Automate frequently used reporting and data analysis workflows.
Work closely with software engineers and architects to extract, transform and standardize data for optimal use for analytic tools.
Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms.

You will need to have

Bachelors in computer science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related fields
Five-plus years of experience in a data science or data analysis role
Two-plus years of Java coding experience
Five-plus years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports.
Experience using statistical programming languages, machine learning and other toolkits and techniques for analyzing large, complex datasets
Experience using ELK Stack (Elasticsearch, LogStash, Kibana)
Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g., Tableau) and data frameworks
Strong analytical skills, attention to detail and accuracy
Expert problem-solving skills and creative thinking ability
Excellent communication and presentation skills

What wed also love to see

Masters degree in previously listed fields (strongly preferred)
An ambitious and diligent individual
An innovative mindset with a drive to improve upon existing systems
A desire to solve challenging problems

Company Benefits  Perks

Discretionary annual bonus (cash and stock)
Private healthcare insurance
Free recreational pass (AYCM XL package)
Daily food allowance in the office
Monthly BKK pass
Hybrid way of working (2 days home officeweek)
Modern office in the heart of Budapest with free amenities
Great atmosphere with friendly and exceptional colleagues and frequent company outings.

The benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.
 
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.