
About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
Job Description
The Financial Regulatory Analyst is responsible for ensuring compliance with the financial regulatory rules in the countries where the IBKR Group operates. Headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut, the groups Financial Regulatory Team monitors for compliance with capital and client protection regulations and evaluates the impact of financial regulations for global affiliates. The Analyst will work on entities operating in Australia, Canada, India, Hong Kong, and the US.
 
The successful candidate will be highly meticulous, team-oriented, and capable of identifying and recommending process improvements.
 
Responsibilities

Daily monitoring of Capital and Client Protection compliance (e.g., Commodities Client Segregation, Reserve (15C3-3), Net Capital (15C3-1), Canada Client Money, Hong Kong Client Money, India Client Money)
Compilation of monthly and annual regulatory reports (FOCUS, MFR, CLR, FFR, FRR)
Annual review and continuing maintenance of policies and procedures
Assist with regulatory examination and external audit query responses (SEC, FINRA, CFTC, CME, NFA)
Analyse new regulations in existing jurisdictions and assist in the research of new licenses andor entry into a new country

 
Qualifications

Bachelors degree with a concentration in Finance, Accounting or Economics
0-5 years of experience
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel
Experience in regulatory reporting is preferred but not required

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.