Web Application Java Developer
Join the Interactive Brokers Team!
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company, continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost.
 
Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
We seek a talented and experienced Web Application Developer to join our Registration  Account Management Team. The team is responsible for developing our client-facing applications and supporting changes because of new business products and regulatory requirements.
 
You will be someone who will:

Design, develop, and maintain web-based applications and programs for our online brokerage services.
Spend most of the time doing hands-on coding
Communicate and collaborate on development tasks with other software teams and business users
Thrive when working with a team of fast-moving co-workers

You will need to have:

Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science or a related area.
A minimum of 3 years of hands-on experience in Java technologies
Hands-on experience with at least one Javascript framework - React.jsVue.jsAngular.js
Knowledge of jQuery, JSON, AJAX
Strong knowledge of Object-Oriented Programming
Exposure to UNIXLinux
Knowledge of Web Services (REST, SOAP, etc.) would be helpful
Knowledge of SQL and relational database design is advantageous

To be successful in this position, you will have:

Clear and effective communication skills
A startup personality and enjoy working as part of a team
A logical mind that is detail-oriented
The ability to methodically solve problems and learn processes

Company Benefits

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, specialist and in-patient 
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch is ordered in-house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Great work-life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with a growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.