Interactive Brokers seeks an experienced Corporate Actions professional to join the Corporate Actions Team in our Greenwich, Connecticut office. The Corporate Actions Team is responsible for the validation, risk evaluation, processing and post-distribution reconciliation of all corporate action-related events (e.g. distributions, mergers  voluntary offers) announced by issuers in the Americas. During their career development, team members will gain exposure to the impact of various corporate events, features of securities and derivatives products, and a diverse array of trading venues and market utilities.
The Team Member will operate, help enhance and test the groups constantly evolving Corporate Action systems. The Corporate Actions Team Member will collaborate with internal and external clients, counterparties, clearing organizations and depositories. All of our team members have the opportunity to focus on developing automated solutions to complex processes or problems. IBKR Team Members work with sophisticated computer system developers and create business specifications for new or enhanced system functionality and product support. IBKR team members are good problem solvers, well organized, and reliable team players.
Responsibilities:

 Analyze, monitor, and verify incoming corporate action information
Analyze and reconcile the companys books and records with clearinghouses and banks
Interface with clearinghouses and banks regarding instructions for corporate events
Collect and analyze instructions from our customers
Work on system enhancements to handle existing or new products and new markets
Communicate with all the involved internal and external parties

Qualifications:

Bachelors degree preferred: science, mathematics or accounting preferred
 2 to 5 years of targeted Corporate Action experience, preferably at a broker dealer, but all experienced candidates will be considered
Knowledge of stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and Government Securities
 Proficient with MS Office suite
Must possess excellent oralwritten communication and analytical skills

 
Company Benefits  Perks:

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with a competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events, including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.