About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About the Team:
Interactive Brokers is seeking to recruit an Operational Risk Manager as part of our expanding Enterprise Risk Management organization. 
The role will provide subject matter expertise and execute monitoring to effectively manage operational risk. Responsibilities include the alignment of the Operational Risk Management Framework to industry standards, execution of the Risk  Control Self-Assessment, Event analysis and Remediation, development and monitoring of Key Risk Indicators (KRIs), Scenario Analysis and the monitoring of the firms operational risk profile against its Risk Appetite.
 
Responsibilities

Support the Head of Operational Risk in executing all aspects of the Operational Risk Management Framework.
Partner with risk owners in the business to execute the RCSA program, ensuring results are documented appropriately, are actionable and are defensible to third-party review.
Conduct targeted risk assessments on areas of highest residual risk to identify opportunities for control enhancement and risk mitigation.
Map operational processes in complex parts of the business, overlay controls and work with process owners to identify enhancements and efficiencies.
Participate in firmwide projects to identify, assess and manage operational risks related to delivering the IBKR business model.
Build and monitor Key Risk Indicators, escalating changes to the risk profile to risk owners, including breaches of risk appetite limits, and identifying remedial strategies to bring exposures within tolerance.
Conduct root cause analysis on eventsincidents and agree on control enhancements with process owners.
Analyze the operating model  risks and controls  at the request of the Head of Operational Risk or the Chief Risk Officer.
Review and approve Vendor Risk Assessments.
System Administrator for the GRC Application
Generate and distribute Risk Management Reports.

Qualifications

Five-plus years in Operational Risk or related function (first-line control, audit) in financial services
Strong working knowledge of Operational Risk Management Frameworks  practical experience in executing RCSAs, conducting event analysis and risk assessments
Knowledge of OR industry best practices and regulatory standards  forward-thinking approach to the application of risk standards.
Highly diligent individual - results-driven and hard-working  the ability to execute risk assessments to a high degree of quality; professionally skeptical.
Strong interpersonal skills, excellent work ethic, highly credible and influential presenter (verbal and written); strong communicator and influencer; team player
Superior analytical abilities and decision-making skills; ability to exercise independent judgment
Demonstrate a strong ability to write clearly and concisely.
Working knowledge of regulations concerning Operational Risk, and industry practices for global brokers or other financial services companies
Strong MS Office skills
Experience as a system administrator for a GRC application is a plus.
Experience with data visualization tools, report creation a plus
Bachelors degree required; advanced education degree preferred

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.