Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Team!
For more than 40 years, Interactive Brokers has been at the forefront of the Fintech space, and we pride ourselves on being a technology company. Employees at Interactive Brokers constantly challenge the status quo, breaking boundaries on every level to offer the advanced trading platforms with the most sophisticated features for our growing customer base. And all at the lowest costs.
Do you have solid Web App skills that youre ready to put to the test as a hands-on contributor on a complex, large-scale real-time project? Do you have the drive to make features work seamlessly and efficiently with one another, and pride yourself on building beautiful and easy to use UIs? If you answered yes, then join us!
Were looking to hire a talented Senior Web App Developer to be a key player in one of our companys most critical initiatives, as we both expand our trading app offerings and modernize our UI using Vue.js toolkit.
You will be someone who can:

Build or adapt current JavaScript libraries for high performance, real-time browser connectivity, data parsing, error handling, context passing and more.
Spend 90 of their time doing hands-on coding.
Work well on a team of intelligent, intense and fast-moving co-workers.

You will have:

Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science, or related area.
At least 3 years of commercial software development experience with an emphasis on single-page web app development.
Expert level knowledge of front-end web technologies.
Hands-on experience with at least one Javascript framework - React.jsVue.jsAngular.js. We are Vue.js fans, so Vue.js is a plus!
A proactive and enthusiastic attitude and be technically oriented.  
The ability to pay attention to detail.
Good English writtenverbal communication skills.

Company Perks:

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonuses, and annual stock grants.
Daily company lunch allowance provided.
401k with company match.
Excellent medical, dental, and vision benefits.
Newly renovated offices with sitstand desks and multi-monitor setups.
Education reimbursement, and learning opportunities.

LI-SS1Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.