Position
IBKRs Client Operations - Security and Fraud (SF) team seeks a Junior Security and Fraud Prevention Analyst with financial services industry experience and a motivated, analytical, and methodical professional demeanor. In addition, this person will join an exciting team helping to shape one of the worlds strongest trading and brokerage brands. 
 
The ideal candidate will display passion, integrity, commitment, and drive to deliver a positive, differentiated service. 
Responsibilities

Proactive handling of client exceptional inquiries via callbacks - verbal and video client verification 
Handling escalations of client inquiries about IBKRs security system via tickets. 
Problem management with a focus on security protocols and practices. 
Handling escalations of suspicious client activity or behavior to Senior SFP Analysts. 
Proactive tracking of fraud cases and trends realized. 
Creation of on-the-job training and fraud awareness material. 

Qualifications, Skills  Attributes
 

Two-plus years experience in an information or fraud prevention role. 
BSc in STEM areas (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics). 
Proficient in Windows andor macOS computer systems and basic office applications. 
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of the security industry as it relates to IBKR, including: 

Social engineering 
Fraud Schemes 
Mobile Security 
Information Security 

Languages: Fluency in English and Russian. Any additional language is a plus. 

Required Skills: 

Analytical approach to problem-solving. 
Organized, practical, and with good attention to detail. 
Excellent communication (spoken and written) and interpersonal skills 
Ability to engage and maintain a conversation with clients 
Ability to build rapport, handle objections and actively steer communications to collect the required information and assist. 
Ability to learn and adapt to new information and technology platforms 
Navigating multiple computer applications while interacting with clients. 
Personality: Self-confident, self-motivated, extroverted, flexible and able to work independently in a team-oriented environment.

Company Benefits  Perks 

Discretionary, performance-based bonus
Vision and dental care benefits, sports activity compensation
Stock incentive plan
Lunch in the office

The benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.