As a liaison to Interactive Brokers retail and professional clients, the IBKR Client Service Representative is accountable for providing client service to IBKRs clients, including retail clients, financial advisors, hedge fund operators and other broker-dealers. We aim to build and maintain long-term client relationships, provide access to desired markets, and increase client retention as we expand our product and service offerings.
 
Responsibilities
Daily management and focus on a wide scale of client issues which includes: Responding to inquiries, concerns and complaints via telephone, e-mail, and online chat to achieve a mutually satisfactory solution while complying with policies, practices and procedures.
The core competencies we seek include: 

The ability to identify, analyze, and escalate complex issues.
Excellent troubleshooting and problem-resolution skills;
Assuming responsibility for identifying client needs while providing a high-value experience.

Requirements

University degree (Bachelors);
Native in Japanese or native level and Fluency in English oral and written;
Excellent analytical skills;
A good understanding of financial markets (preferred)
We encourage excellent graduates to apply for this position

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Social Security  Insurance Benefits
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch is ordered in-house with a fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with great access to metro
Great work-life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with a growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.