Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Team!
Interactive Brokers has been at the forefront of the Fintech space for over 40 years and we pride ourselves on being a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers.
Job Description:
This is an opportunity to develop large-scale optimization systems for Cash and Asset Management of a multi-billion-dollar portfolio. As a software engineer you will participate in all phases of a multi-tier software development cycle (GUIs, databases, mid-tier, batch applications, reporting) with an emphasis on the server-side. You will debug, fix and maintain existing systems.
We are looking for someone who is:

A problem solver
Attentive to detail
A fast learner 
Self-motivated and directed

You will need to have:

Bachelors or masters degree in Computer Science, or related degree
3-5 years of Java experience 
Strong knowledge of object-oriented concepts  multi-tier applications
Strong understanding of DBMS concepts (Oracle platform is a plus) 
Hands on expertise in server-side programming in JavaC J2EE experience
Knowledge of financial instruments (preferred)

Company Perks:

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonuses, and annual stock grants
Daily company lunch allowance provided.
401k with company match
Excellent medical, dental, and vision benefits
Newly renovated offices with multi-monitor setups
Team outings and dinners
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities

 

 
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.