Global Client Associate - French Speakers
Key Responsibilities:

Resolve routine and complex client service issues in a thorough and expeditious manner, utilizing sound judgment with an emphasis on courtesy. Client inquiries typically encompass a broad array of themes including:

Operability of TWS, IBKR Mobile, IBKR WebTrader execution platforms including trading modules and analytical tools; Cash deposit and withdrawal activity, position transfers, and account administrative functions
Product availability and attributes; Exchange, clearing and depository functions; Order types and routing logic; Order status, trade and delivery settlement, exercise  assignment, expiration processing, and corporate actions


Margin calculations; Commission structure, interest and fees
Coordinate activities with other local and international Customer Service divisions and interaction with external departments such as Programming, Clearing, Cashiering and Compliance on common issues. Contribute to the development of client service systems, policies and procedures

 Qualifications  Experience:

Fluent in English and French
University degree (NFQ level 7) in finance, economics or related field
2-3 years experience
Experience in financial services position (e.g., brokerage, banking, trading, exchange or clearing house) preferred but not required
Strong verbal and written communication skills to accommodate client inquiries directed via telephone, web ticket or online chat
In depth understanding of the following financial instruments: stocks, bonds, options, futures, options on futures, foreign exchange and funds
Working knowledge of various exchange operations and regulations, product offerings and specifications, execution platforms and rules, and margin methodologies
Ability to work in a dynamic, medium-size office environment

If you are motivated, have strong initiative, are analytical and methodical; we can offer you a position that will both challenge and reward you. You will be part of an exciting team that is helping to shape one of the worlds strongest brokerage brands. We are looking forward to receiving your online application.Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.