Job Description  Requirements:

Resolve client inquiries via calls, chats, and e-mail for Asset transfers as well as cash transfer related to client support.
Closely work with our back office to manage and resolve all securities related queries from our clients globally including systematically follow-up to resolve pending transferssettlements, differences, and breaks
Support Operations Service in their SecuritiesGlobal Custody day-to-day transactional business in the field of Settlement (clarifications and follow up on Settlements completion)
Ensure query resolution till completion within agreed service levels and client satisfaction.
Commit to a culture of continues improvement and centered on client service.
Deliver excellent client service while continuously challenging our process efficiency and behavior.

Qualification:

Education: University degree (Bachelors) required.
Experience: Previous client service experience within the financial and security service industry, preferrable in area of Settlement (Securities transfers in all kinds) andor Cash transfers  Or MBA apprenticeship with finance profile  Or 3 years of Inbound Client services experience in the International BPO industry for banking finance process.
Passion for dealing with clients and understanding of securities and global custody products.
Can-do mentality with proven ability to increase customer satisfaction (youre a keen observer and problem solver) and with a flair for new technologies.
Strong problem-solving skills and able to work under pressure.
Focused on client service and timely resolving of client enquiries.
Adaptable, motivated, self-directed, and driven (always staying up to date and improving)
Fluent in English (any other European language is a plus)

Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package.
Performance based annual bonus (cash and stocks).
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias.
Monthly food card  company paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company sponsored team building events and outings.

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.
 
LI-HP1Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.