 
About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About Your Team:
IBKR is looking for a Senior Data Scientist. In this role, you should be highly analytical and passionate about analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting our data. Passion for machine learning and research is a big plus. Your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better business and technological decisions. We seek someone to execute analytical tasks on large data sets to support decision-makers and provide insight and reports about our platforms. The Senior Data Scientist role will use data to help us better understand who our clients are, how they engage with our products and services and how we can better serve them by identifying interesting and useful trends in our data. You will make an impact by using your passion for data and analysis to generate actionable insights that we will use to improve the experience for our clients.
 
What Will Be Your Responsibilities Within IBKR: 

Collect and analyze various telemetry and behavioral data.
Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes
Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data.
Clean and prepare data for Machine Learning and AI
Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns.
Assist with designing and running AB tests.
Automate frequently used reporting and data analysis workflows.
Work closely with software engineers and architects to extract, transform and standardize data for optimal use for analytic tools.
Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms

What Skills Are Required:

Bachelors in computer science, Mathematics, Statistics, or related fields
5 years experience in a data science or data analysis role
2 years of Java coding experience
5 years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports
Experience using statistical programming languages, machine learning and other toolkits and techniques for analyzing large, complex datasets
Experience using ELK Stack (Elasticsearch, LogStash, Kibana)
Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g., Tableau) and data frameworks

To Be Successful in This Position, You Will Have the Following:

Self-motivated and able to handle tasks with minimal supervision.
Superb analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent collaboration and communication (Verbal and written) skills.
An innovative mindset with a drive to improve upon existing systems.
Outstanding organizational and time management skills.

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.