Job Description
The Margin Analyst helps ensure regulatory compliance with the margin rules (e.g., Regulation T, FINRA rule 4210) for our US-registered broker-dealer and FCM.
 
This position will require a highly organized, analytical thinker who is persistent and resourceful in getting the correct answer. Candidates with intellectual curiosity and attention to detail will thrive in this role. The ability to streamline and automate manual processes will be highly valued. The position is within a newly formed group in the Financial Regulatory team at Interactive Brokers, so this is an opportunity to be an inaugural team member and contribute to the structure and design of the function.
Responsibilities 

Ensure margin requirements are accurate and in regulatory compliance
Review and ensure the accuracy of daily margin reports
Work with cross-functional groups to ensure margin calls are addressed timely.
File extension of time requests under Reg T and FINRA Rule 4210
Prepare the weekly portfolio margin and the monthly FINRA Rule 4521(d) submissions.
Participate in credit and margin industry roundtable discussions
Assist with any portfolio margin application amendments
Keep track of new rules and requirements.
Research regulatory impact of new business initiatives on margin policies.
Learn regulatory jurisdictions outside of the US and the interplay of regulatory rules between jurisdictions affecting our inter-affiliate transactions
Continue to improve automation for all aspects of regulatory requirements.
Further document and improve regulatory controls and procedures.
Participate in external audits and queries from regulators and auditors

Qualifications 

Five-plus years of margin operations experience related to Regulation T, FINRA Rule 4210 and JAC FCM Margin
Prior experience in a highly automated environment and the ability to recommend a system or process improvements is a plus.
Bachelors or higher degree
Familiarity with retail and prime brokerage operations

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with a competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company paid lunch and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events, including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.