Job Description  Responsibilities
The Client Integration Project Manager will focus on Customer Integration projects and is also responsible for coordinating, organizing and scheduling team activities for IT-related projects and effectively curate the overall IT project portfolio. The Client Integration Project Manager maintains, documents, organizes and inventories completed project plans for recycling, reuse, or future scaling activities. This individual must be an effective, thoughtful communicator possessing the tools and strategies to drive IT projects forward. 
Qualification  Skills
Requirements

Comprehensive experience managing project or similar experience
Experience managing dependencies, identifying risks and building consensus across teams on complex technical projects
Ability to interact with diverse technical and non-technical groups, spanning all organizational levels
Strong analytical and quantitative skills; ability to use hard data and metrics to back up assumptions and recommendations
Excellent communication management skills with the ability to effectively and frequently communicate with project team members, managers and executives on key project timelines, priorities and deliverables. Skilled at cross-functional and cross-organizational communication
Detailed knowledge of Collaboration tools like Confluence, Jira, SharePoint, ServiceNow, etc. 

Recommended

Understand the tools and skills required to decompose projects into achievable tasks and goals appropriately sized and timed
Enjoy leading teams towards self-organization to predicably deliver and continuously improve
Experience applying Agile methodologies and practices supporting multiple teams

Company Benefits 

Salary commensurate with experience
Performance based cash bonus and stock grant
Hybrid work model
Daily company-paid lunch. Fruit and snack options throughout the day

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.