Job Description  Requirements
Interactive Brokers Hong Kong Limited (IBHK) is looking for a Client Technical Support Representative who will assist clients with inquiries about our range of trading offerings and act as a liaison between internal teams and customers to ensure a prompt and effective resolution to bugs and issues.
The ideal candidate will be analytical with an affinity for problem-solving and troubleshooting technical and software issues. They should be able to recognize, investigate, and escalate client-reported issues related to our platforms.
If you are motivated, have initiative and are analytical and methodical, we can offer you a position that will challenge and reward you as part of a team building one of the worlds strongest brokerage brands.
Responsibilities

Providing support to clients through phone, chats, and tickets
Technical and functional support for the Interactive Brokers platforms on desktop and mobile
Troubleshooting and support for Interactive Brokers web-based offerings
Problem management with a focus on wide-scale technical issues

Requirements

Bachelors degree (degree earned in a technical field would be advantageous)
Experience with WindowsMac software and connectivity support (fresh graduates able to demonstrate related knowledge will be considered)
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experience with financial products and services is a plus


Fluency in Cantonese and English (knowing Mandarin is a plus)

Company Benefits  Perks 

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, specialist and in-patient 
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch is ordered in-house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Great work-life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with a growing local presence

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.