
About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the office  two days remote)
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Tax Team!
The Interactive Brokers Global Tax Team serves an important role in the success of our business. We mitigate risk and create value for our business and our clients. We partner with many functions across the company, including Accounting, Treasury, Technology, Client Service and Marketing, to assist our business in achieving our commitment to delivering value through technological innovation and providing our clients with unprecedented access to global markets at the lowest cost. The Global Tax Team sets the tax policy for the company and identifies, develops, implements, and manages tax strategies to help minimize our overall tax cost. We advise on the US and international tax aspects of our product offerings to clients, manage tax audits, and ensure financial reporting and tax returns are filed timely and accurately.
 
We seek a tax expert specializing in US State and Local Tax to join our rapidly growing Global Tax Team to lead our US SALT compliance for US entities. The person will extensively interface with key tax personnel and non-tax business executives throughout the organization. A successful candidate must be a collaborative team player, entrepreneurial, detail-oriented, and an excellent communicator.
 
Responsibilities

Responsible for all areas relating to US SALT, including:

State income and franchise tax compliance
State FAS 109 accounting
State tax SOX 404 compliance and satisfaction
State audits and controversies
State tax planning
State credits and incentives
State tax legislative support
State sales  use compliance

Develop a solid understanding of IBKRs business and our product offerings.
Develop, manage and maintain processes (including coordinating, gathering and analyzing supporting data from internal and external resources, preparation and review) and systems for state and local income tax compliance. This also includes estimated payments, cash tax forecasts, extensions etc.
Assist financial statement tax accounting (FAS 109, provision, cash tax, etc.), including tax contingency assessments.
Manage development and implementation of tax planning strategies to reduce the companys SALT liabilities. This includes interaction with businesses to minimize state and local taxes (cash tax and proper state tax accounting to reflect financial statement impact), with US federal and international tax planning, and compliance and tax accounting teams.
Manage state income and franchise tax audits, ensuring compliance with SOX 404 processes and controls for audits, controversy matters, notices, files and documentation, and tax accounting.
Research and analyze state and local tax law and deliver legal conclusions based on research.
Monitor, analyze and interpret changes in tax law, including analysis of legislative efforts, regulatory pronouncements (statelocal tax authorities) and judicial developments, and evaluate the potential impact on the companys business.
Ensure SOX compliance for all state tax controls and processes.
Work on special projects and administrative matters, including process development, building relationships with business units, and budget development and management.
Assist with the collection, review, and certification of tax forms.
Assist with research, development and integration of new tax technologies, including tax data collection and automation.
Support Internal AuditRisk Reviews.

 
Qualifications, Skills  Attributes

Minimum of 8 years of experience in US SALT compliance with a Big Four accounting firm or comparable in-house experience
Advanced degree in Finance, Accounting or a similar field; a J.D. is strongly preferred but not required
Good working knowledge in tax accounting, in particular, US GAAP accounting (including ASC 740-10)
Advanced MS Office skills, particularly MS Excel
Excellent writing skills
Strong business communication skills with the ability to effectively relate tax issues to non-tax personnel; strong consensus builder and team player
Strong commercial and business awareness

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with a competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events, including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.