About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the office  two days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Tax Team!
The Interactive Brokers Global Tax Team serves an important role in the success of our business. We mitigate risk and create value for our business and our clients. We partner with many functions across the company, including Accounting, Treasury, Technology, Client Service and Marketing, to assist our business in achieving our commitment to delivering value through technological innovation and providing our clients with unprecedented access to global markets at the lowest cost. The Global Tax Team sets the companys tax policy and identifies, develops, implements, and manages tax strategies to help minimize our overall tax cost. We advise on the US and international tax aspects of our product offerings to clients, manage tax audits, and ensure financial reporting and tax returns are filed timely and accurately.
We seek a US Tax Counsel with a solid foundation of US tax law in Subchapter C, Subchapter K, international tax, and financial products to join our rapidly growing Global Tax Team. The person will extensively interface with key tax personnel and non-tax business executives throughout the organization. A successful candidate must be a collaborative team player, entrepreneurial, detail-oriented, and an excellent communicator.
 
Responsibilities

Analyze international business activities, financing and commercial transactions, including identifying and evaluating alternatives and recommending solutions to senior management.
Develop a solid understanding of IBKRs business and its product offerings.
Assist with developing, planning and implementing multinational tax planning projects significantly impacting the company.
Develop deep knowledge of existing and proposed US tax rules, legislation, rulings, regulations and court cases that may impact IBKR.
Perform legal research on identified tax issues (including US federal income and US state tax law) and deliver legal conclusions.
Draft legal memoranda to document the companys legal conclusions and tax positions.
Develop a deep understanding of tax planning on a multinational level, including treasury and transfer pricing.
Partner with the tax compliance team to provide technical guidance on the companys tax positions.
Assist with the identification and modeling of tax planning scenarios.
Monitor and counsel management on global transfer pricing policies and issues, design and implement transfer pricing strategies, and assist in preparing and maintaining transfer pricing documentation.
Assist with managing US federal income tax audits.
Partner with the Client Tax team to provide technical guidance on new product offerings, client impact, and IBKRs reporting and withholding obligations from a US tax perspective.
Work on special projects and administrative matters, including process development, building relationships with business units, and budget development and management.
Assist with research, development and integration of new tax technologies, including tax data collection and automation.
Support Internal AuditRisk Reviews.

 
Qualifications, Skills  Attributes

Minimum of three years experience at a nationally recognized law firm with a strong tax practice
J.D. is required
Basic knowledge of Tax Accounting and, in particular, US GAAP accounting
Strong knowledge of US tax law, including Subchapter C, Subchapter K, international tax and financial products
Strong analytical skills and a broad understanding of tax planning on a multinational level 
Advanced MS Office skills, particularly MS Excel
Excellent writing skills
Strong business communication skills with the ability to effectively relate tax issues to non-tax personnel; strong consensus builder and team player
Strong commercial and business awareness

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with a competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events, including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.