The successful candidate will be an integral part in the co-development and implementation of electronic order routing interfaces between Interactive Brokers (IBKR) and its clients.  As part of IBKRs Client Integration FIX team, the selected individual will coordinate the implementation, testing and deployment of FIX Integrations that will bring new business to the firm. Involvement will start in pre-sale stages and conclude with successful production deployment.
The position requires an extensive understanding of the FIX protocol being the most commonly used infrastructure for many institutions and enterprises to electronically route multi assets orders to IBKR, as well as practical experience with the implementation and testing of FIX interfaces for order routing applications.
Responsibilities:

Interaction with clients, vendors, sales, service desks, legal  compliance, software developers, network engineers and other operation teams to integrate and maintain client connections using FIX Protocol
Integration work will include analysis, design, development, testing, certification and quality assurance tasks
Additional responsibilities include but not limited to configuration of test environments for development and quality assurance purposes, coordination of production releases of new interfaces and project documentation

Qualifications:

Bachelors degree or above
Excellent command of spoken and written English
Professional proficiency in at least one additional language (Japanese, Cantonese or Mandarin) is highly preferred
Strong analytical and numerical skills and a critical thinking mindset
Strong FIX protocol knowledge and 2-3 years of solid experience ideally in the fields of technical support or quality assurance
Familiar with UNIXLinux systems and command line environments
Knowledge of telecommunications equipment and network connectivity setups
Prior brokerage or financial industry experience is a plus
Knowledge of scripting languages (e.g. Perl, Python, Awk, shells) is preferred

Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package.
Performance based annual bonus (cash and stocks).
Hybrid working model (3 days officeweek).
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias.
Monthly food card  company paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company sponsored team building events and outings.

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.
 
LI-SK1Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.