Attention Recent College Graduates!



Interactive Brokers seeks college graduates for career opportunities.
Who is Interactive Brokers?
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983 and we pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers. We offer award-winning desktop, mobile and web applications which provide our clients with the tools they need to be successful. Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR); is rated 1 - Best Online Brokers 4 years in a row by Barrons, Best Online Brokers - Barrons Award.
This opportunity will be the prerequisite to starting a career in our sales department through training and developmental assignments, a sales trainee will acquire the skills involved in taking on new and existing customers, assisting them with purchases, and taking calls. Working in our client services departments, the sales trainee will eventually become the point of contact between their business and its customers, responsible for ensuring a great overall client experience.
Qualifications and Skills

Intermediate customer service skills
Advanced math and analytical abilities
Exceptional communication skills
Comfortable working as part of a team
Ability to be persistent

Education and Experience Requirements

Bachelors degree in Finance, Economics or Mathematics
Affinity with marketing and business
Retail sales experience is a plus







The ideal candidate should have the following qualifications:  

Strong problem solving and demonstrated analytical skills
Excellent attention to detail
Strong organizational skills
Ability to prioritize a heavy workload under the pressure of completing assignments within time constraints
Excellent computer skills and experience using Microsoft Excel and Word and must possess the ability to use these tools to present data clearly and concisely

 
entryleveljob hiringnow financejobs ecomonics salestrainee finance LI-JC1
 






 


Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.