As a senior Client Technical Support L2 team member, you will assist other representatives with technical escalations regarding our range of trading offerings. In addition, you will act as a liaison between Client Services and developers to ensure prompt and effective resolution of bugs and issues. The ideal candidate is analytical with an affinity for problem-solving, technical troubleshooting, and software issues. They recognize, investigate, and handle escalations with urgency and strong attention to detail.
 
If you have initiative and are motivated, analytical and methodical, this position will challenge and reward you. In addition, you will be part of a team that is building one of the worlds strongest brokerage brands.
 
Responsibilities

Prioritize and escalate issues to the appropriate development teams
Perform client call-backs for technical escalations where required
Assist L1 support with complex client inquiries
Participate in the testing of new internal and external features
Troubleshoot and support Interactive Brokers platforms and web-based offerings
Problem management with a focus on wide-scale technical issues
Ensure the team handles cases escalated over emailticketing systems in a timely fashion

Requirements

Bachelors degree, preferred if in STEM fields
Three-plus years in client facing support role
Three-plus years of experience working with Windows, Macs, software and connectivity support
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a team
Experience working with support ticketing systems (knowledge of ConfluenceJIRA is a plus)
Adaptable to a constantly evolving technical environment
Initiative and desire to learn new skillstechnologies and remain up to date with the latest trends
Passion for solving technical problems
Languages: Fluency in English is a must. Proficiency in any other European language is a plus
Experience with financial products and services is a plus

Company Benefits  Perks

Discretionary annual bonus (cash and stock)
Private healthcare insurance
Free recreational pass (AYCM XL package)
Daily food allowance in the office
Monthly BKK pass
Hybrid way of working (2 days home officeweek)
Modern office in the heart of Budapest with free amenities
Great atmosphere with friendly and exceptional colleagues and frequent company outings.

The benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.
 
You will be part of a team building one of the worlds strongest brokerage brands and part of a global enterprise that employs technology in all aspects of its business to generate prudent, controlled growth.Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.