
Interactive Brokers (U.K.) Limited (IBKR) seeks motivated, analytical and methodical individuals with a financial services industry background and professional demeanor to be part of an exciting team helping to shape one of the worlds strongest trading and brokerage brands.
The ideal candidate will be friendly, enjoy helping clients, and be comfortable with new and changing technologies. For this position, we require Spanish as an additional language.
 
Your Responsibilities:

Handling client inquiries about IBKRs security system via phone, chat and tickets.
Problem management with a focus on security protocols and practices.
Assisting clients in the configuration and use of IBKRs two-factor authentication smartphone app.
Identification and escalation of issues about the secure login of clients using IBKRs smartphone app.

 
Qualification and Experience:

Good mastery of Windows andor macOS computer systems and basic office applications.
Experience and advanced user knowledge of both iOS and Android smartphone operating systems.
Excellent understanding of apps and smartphones.
Previous experience in a client service role.
Languages: fluency in English and Spanish.

 
Required Skills:

Excellent and demonstrable client service skills
Navigating multiple computer applications while interacting with clients.
Analytical approach to problem-solving.
Ability to engage and maintain a conversation with clients
Ability to learn and adapt to new information and technology platforms
Personality: Self-confident, open, extroverted, good communication skills, flexible and able to work independently in a team-oriented environment

 
Location:
Fenchurch Street, London
8 am  5 pm, Monday  Friday (times may vary depending on business needs)
 
Benefits:

Career support and development
Salary commensurate with experience
Performance-based discretionary cash bonus scheme
Discretionary stock grant
Group Life Assurance cover
Group Income Protection
Occupation pension scheme based on Gross earnings
Hybrid working model
Above statutory annual leave, increasing with service
Daily company-paid lunch and healthy snack options throughout the day (when working from the office)
Access to Private Medical Insurance, Dental Plan andor Health Cash Plan
Corporate events
Travel season ticket loans
Cycle to work scheme

 
On successful completion of the probation period
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.