
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our Firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
Interactive Brokers is looking to hire a ComplianceLegal Associate in our Greenwich office. The associate will work on various Compliance and Legal projects, primarily focusing on our process for updating and implementing changes to the Firms agreements and disclosures.
 
Responsibilities:

Process manager for updating agreements and disclosures for Compliance and Legal personnel
Editing and coding documents in HTML and performing system uploads
Coordinating with various Departments to ensure the timely and accurate update of documents
Testing and reviewing systems relating to the Firms application, as well as the agreement and disclosure delivery process
Identifying items for escalation to compliance and legal management, as necessary
Memorializing findings for management review

 
Qualifications:

Experience in internal audit, compliance, legal, accounting or another financial services firm or regulator control function. Absent direct industry experience, applicants with strong bachelors-level educational credentials with some background in law, accounting, data analytics or similar areas with strong analytical and quantitative skills may also be considered.
Extremely detail-oriented and possess a strong sense of curiosity and problem-solving skills
Experience with HTML coding, including a high degree of comfort and fluency with computers, technology and how technology is applied to business and regulatory problems. Experience working directly with programmers andor familiarity with scripting or query language is preferred.

 
Company Benefits  Perks:

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.