As a global technology leader in Financial Services, IBKR has employees in several sites around the globe. As we continue to grow our staff and offices, globally, we require IT support staff to help our employees operate and maintain their technology 247365. Our support team is looking for a Service Desk Analyst to help manage and triage users IT issues. The position is well-suited for someone looking to gain in-depth technical experiences and exhibit a keen desire to support colleagues with a first-class user experience.
You will act as the initial point of contact for all staff, helping to explain, quantify and define their technological issues. Working together with employees and team members, you will assist in creating and resolving support tickets, escalate specific technology issues to component owners, and maintain the trouble ticket queue. As part of an effective lifecycle, you will drive timely, effective resolution of issues under your care.
Are you a team player who delights in being helpful and effective? Do you have a passion for technology and an interest in the financial sector? Are you curious and motivated to start a career in IT but unsure how to take the first step? Perfect, we want you to apply today!
Your Responsibilities
Monitor all aspects of the Interactive Brokers brokerage and clients facing systems including:

Production system processes and services.
Underlying network links and hardware components.
Underlying server nodes and connectivity.
Remote access and telecommunications systems.
Environmental, power  security systems.
Real time processing and file delivery systems.

Key Requirements

Willingness to work shifts and weekends


Technology enthusiast
Vigilant
Proactive


Hands-on mentality

 Preferred

Experience with IT systems
Practical (or at minimum, theoretical) knowledge of ITIL
Experience with Jira, Confluence  and ServiceNow

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, specialist and in-patient  
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch ordered in house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Great work life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting.

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.