 
As a Team LeadSenior Android Software Engineer, your key responsibilities will be:

Components designimplementation in Java for Android and Kotlin
Follow specifications closely in a time-sensitive environment and, at the same time, provide constructive feedback that improves overall quality.
Utilize best practices and Android Studio to rapidly debug applications, fix performance bottlenecks, and improve client experience.
Employ techniques and design patterns to create well-structured, efficient and maintainable code.

Essential qualifications:

Strong Java Skills
Technically oriented, proactive, and enthusiastic, with extreme attention to detail
Bachelors in EE, CS, Math, Physics or similar (masters a plus)
English writtenverbal communication skills
Mobile development experience andor strong desire to master mobile development for Android
Should be comfortable working in a team reviewing code from other developers and providing guidance and mentoring when appropriate
Familiarity with trading technologies is a plus

Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package
Performance-based annual bonus (cash and stocks)
Hybrid working model (3 days officeweek)
Group Medical  Life Insurance
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias
Monthly food card  company-paid snacks
Hardshipshift allowance with company-provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus
Frequent company-sponsored team-building events and outings

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.