


As a member of the Client Technical Support L1, you will assist clients with inquiries pertaining to our range of trading offerings and act as a liaison between internal teams and customers to ensure a prompt and effective resolution to bugs and issues.
The ideal candidate will be analytical with an affinity to problem solving, troubleshooting technical, and software issues. They should possess the ability to recognize, investigate, and escalate client reported issues related to our platforms. 
If you are motivated and have initiative, are analytical and methodical, we can offer you a position that will both challenge and reward you as part of a team that is building one of the worlds strongest brokerage brands.
Multilingual language skills desired (French preferred)
 
 
Responsibilities:

Providing support to clients through phone, chats, and tickets
Technical and functional support for the Interactive Brokers platforms

Desktop applications (Windows, macOS, and Linux)
Mobile applications (Android, and iOS)

Troubleshooting and support for Interactive Brokers web-based offerings
Problem management with focus on wide scale technical issues

Requirements:



Bachelors degree, preferred if in a technical field
2 years in client facing support role
2 years of experience working with Windows, and Mac, software support, connectivity support
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to work effectively in a team environment
Experience working with support ticketing systems
Adaptable to a constantly changing technical environment
Initiative and desire to learn new skillstechnologies and remain up to date with the latest trends; real passion for solving technical problems
Experience with financial products and services is a plus
Excellent command of written and spoken English  French



What we offer:





Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups


 
 LI-NBCompany Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.