 
About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About Your Team:
The IBKR Digital Account Management team is responsible for designing and developing applications and services supporting IBKRs rapidly growing client base. The team builds and supports applications for the Registration and Account Management process and Compliance departments. 
 
 What will be your responsibilities within IBKR: 

Designing and developing high-volume, low-latency, and scalable applications for mission-critical systems.
Optimizing and refactoring existing code for improved reliability and performance.
Communicate and collaborate on development tasks with other software teams and business users.
Reviewing code changes made by other developers to ensure correctness, efficiency, readability, and conformity with best practices.
Working with various internal stakeholders and developers on implementing solutions and deploying them in Production.

 What required skills you need:

Bachelors or masters degree in Computer Science or related degree
Five-plus years of experience in the design and implementation of medium to large applications
Five-plus years of hands-on development experience using core Java; at least one year using Java 1.8 or later is a plus.
Object-oriented design and understanding of commonly used design patterns
Experience with JDBC and relational databases, preferably Oracle.
Experience with developing applications hosted on application servers such as JBoss.
Experience with REST services development.
Working knowledge of LinuxUnix and scripting skills in Perl or Python.
Demonstrate excellent collaboration and communication skills in working closely with other development teams to roll out important changes and applications.
Knowledge of financial instruments is a plus.

To be successful in this position, you will have the following:

Self-motivated and able to handle tasks with minimal supervision.
Superb analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent collaboration and communication (Verbal and written) skills.
Outstanding organizational and time management skills.

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.