About INTERACTIVE BROKERS !
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
About Your Team and Role:
The IBKR Marketing team is looking for WordPress Website Developer  Designer. The developer designer will be working with the financial education group assisting with the execution of marketing initiatives related to our various offerings. Our growing group is responsible for trading education videos, webinars from top-tier financial organizations, financial news from third-party contributors and our in-house content providers, and weekly podcasts with industry heavyweights. Were looking for a proactive team player who can bring ideas to the table regarding user experience, visual concepts, and user interface solutions for our financial education websites, videos, and podcasts.
 
This is a Hybrid role (Three days in the officeTwo days remote) 
 
What will be your responsibilities within IBKR: 

Design and build WordPress-based theme development and dynamic content templates.
Knowledge of WordPressPHP programming, HTML5, CSS, and Bootstrap framework.
UI implementation for new and updated sections of the financial education website
Expert in the Adobe Suite of visual tools such as Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects, Premiere and InDesign
Will be required to grasp technical, visual, and financial concepts quickly and efficiently under specified time frames.
Knowledge of email marketing, email template HTML and email testing is a plus.
Knowledge of web hosting, DNS management, SSL certificates, firewall management and other server-side utilities a plus
Will be called upon to create promotional material such as banners, logos, splash pages etc. The candidate will coordinate workflow, design, image prep, and content management with team members.
Knowledge of the financial industry is a plus.

Which skills are required:

Bachelors degree in Computer ScienceGraphic Design or related degree
Five years of industry experience
Three to five years of PHP programming experience
Programming knowledge will include website design and layouts utilizing HTML, CSS, PHP and JavaScript, responsive design and basic hosting server experience.
Deep understanding of Front-End Web Design and Development
Experienced with corporate creative design
WordPress Theme development
Graphic design and web layouts
An understanding of the Adobe Creative Suite and Microsoft 365 platforms: Photoshop, Dreamweaver, Illustrator, After Effects, Adobe Audition, Excel, Word, and PowerPoint

An additional role in audiovideo production is helpful:

Experience with Adobe Premier, Adobe After Effects, and other means of video production.
Understand the equipment and techniques of video capture, including camera, lighting, mic setup, and green screen.
Record, edit, process, and deliver multi-channel audio files in Adobe Audition for the weekly podcast.

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.