Job Description  Responsibilities
Interactive Brokers Central Europe seeks high-level, serious individuals with a financial services industry background and a professional demeanour suitable for interaction with an experienced and active clientele base. The ideal candidate will have a strong math and technical aptitude, the ability to troubleshoot and explain complex subjects, and the capacity to identify opportunities for technology-based improvements.

Resolve routine and complex client service issues in a thorough and expeditious manner, utilising sound judgment with an emphasis on courtesy.  Client inquiries typically encompass a broad array of themes including:



Operability of IB Trader Workstation, Web Trader and Mobile Trader execution platforms including trading modules and analytical tools; Cash deposit and withdrawal activity, position transfers, and account administrative functions.
Product availability and attributes; Exchange, clearing and depository functions; Order types and routing logic; Order status, trade and delivery settlement, exercise  assignment, expiration processing, and corporate actions.
Margin calculations; Commission structure, interest and fee.

Coordinate activities with other local and international Customer Service divisions and interaction with external departments such as Programming, Clearing, Cashiering and Compliance on common issues. Contribute to the development of client service systems, policies and procedures.

Qualification  Skills

Bachelors or advanced degree in finance, economics or related field
Experience in financial services position (e.g., brokerage, banking, trading, exchange or clearinghouse)
Strong verbal and written communication skills to accommodate client inquiries directed via telephone, email and online chat
General understanding of the following financial instruments: stocks, securities options, futures, options on futures, foreign exchange and fixed income
Working knowledge of various exchange operations and regulations, product offerings and specifications, execution platforms and rules, and margin methodologies
Languages: Fluent English and another European language (GermanItalianFrenchSpanish)
Candidates must have an EU passport or a qualifying work permitresidency to work in Hungary

Company Benefits  Perks:

Discretionary annual bonus (cash and stock)
Private healthcare insurance
Free recreational pass (AYCM XL package)
Daily food allowance in the office
Monthly BKK pass
Hybrid way of working (2 days home officeweek)
Modern office in the heart of Budapest with free amenities
Great atmosphere with friendly and exceptional colleagues, frequent company outings.The benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.

If you are motivated, have strong initiative, are analytical and methodical; we can offer you a position that will both challenge and reward you. You will be part of an exciting team that is helping to shape one of the worlds strongest trading and brokerage brands, and part of a global enterprise that employs technology in all aspects of its business to generate prudent, controlled growth.
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.