Join the Interactive Brokers Team!
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983 and we pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. We offer award-winning desktop, mobile and web applications which provide our clients with the tools they need to be successful. Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR); is rated 1 - Best Online Brokers 4 years in a row by Barrons , Best Online Brokers - Barrons Award (read more).
As Sr. Data Architect  Team Lead, we are looking for someone to work with our enterprise architect to develop a program, run as process owner, and build  configure acquire tooling to support the program.
Requirements and Required Experience:

Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science or related degree.
7 years of hands-on cloud engineering experience with public clouds (AWS required)
5 years of experience of Data Lake platform implementation
3 years of IT management experience
Experience building and leading engineering teams
Experience in designing, building, and running enterprise distributed systems, real-time ETL, data pipelines
Experience with AWS services such as Athena, Glue, Lambda, S3, DynamoDB, NoSQL, Relational Database Service (RDS), Amazon EMR and Amazon Redshift
Extensive experience working with RDBMS, Spark, Hadoop, Kafka
Experience with programming languages such as Java and Python
Design solutions with performance, maintainability, scalability, and reliability in mind
Knowledge and understanding of CICD pipelines and infrastructure as code (IaC)
Knowledge of and experience with serverless big data solutions in AWS
Exceptional personal communication and teamwork interaction skills
Able to work independently and collaboratively
Proven leadership skills, demonstrated ability to mentor, influence and partner with engineering teams to deliver scalable robust solutions.
Willingness to learn and improve

Daily Responsibilities:

Lead the development of patterns, standards and best practices in the data engineering and solutions space
Review and identify data solutions in collaboration with the technology teams across the enterprise
Work with engineering teams to implement architectures
Influence product and delivery requirements, roadmaps, and vision
Lead data architecture strategy, design and best practices data platforms and related solutions
Manage data engineering team under the Enterprise Architecture organization

Delivers:

Deliver enterprise solutions  architectures with emphasis on data privacy, integrity, scalability, and availability
Produce organized and comprehensive system architectures and the related documentation
Design and build functioning proof of concepts for proposed architectures

To be successful in this position you will have:

Exceptional personal communication and teamwork interaction skills
Able to work independently and collaboratively
Proven leadership skills, demonstrated ability to mentor, influence and partner with engineering teams to deliver scalable robust solutions.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Have a startup personality and enjoy working as part of a team.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, rapid growth environment.

Company Benefits  Perks


Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups


LI-SB1Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.