
About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About Your Team:
Interactive Brokers seeks a temporary Retention Statement Processor to support our Chicago office for a 3-month assignment. The Statement Processor will work independently, managing and processing financial statements, ensuring accuracy, compliance, and efficiency. The processor will report to our Funds and Banking Team Lead.
 
What will be your responsibilities within IBKR: 

Processing of client statements and data entry
Scanning, filing, discarding or retention of documents under the guidance of our Funds and Banking team in accordance with the Compliance and Legal Department.

 
What Skills Are Required:

The ideal candidate should have strong attention to detail, time management, and organization skills.
A high degree of comfort and fluency with computers and technology.
Document processing or Data Entry experience is Preferred.
In-office Monday through Friday

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.