Job Description and Responsibilities
You will be part of:

The Compliance Technology group, which is a close knitted group seeking a self-starter that enjoys the craft of coding and developing innovative solutions. We provide automated solutions for global and legal compliance departments.

Your responsibilities include:

Effectively communicating with the business side to gather requirements, write specifications, and take a project from conception to completion.
Design and develop Python applications and libraries that are well-tested, maintainable, and easy to change. 

You are someone with:

A Bachelors in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or Computer Engineering.
Five-plus years of hands-on development experience using Python.
Experience writing SQL and designing database tables.
Experience working with git version control.
Experience with REST Webservices.
Good Unix  Linux knowledge and basic shell scripting skills.
Experience writing technical specifications and documentation.
Experience writing unit and acceptance tests.

Good to have:

Full Stack development experience.
Experience with Django, VueJS, Git, Pandas.
NodeJS  GO skills.
Test-driven development experience.
Front-end design.
Jira and Confluence experience.
Experience with Gradle, Jenkins, and Docker.
Experience deploying on the AWS platform.

To be successful in this position, you have:

The ability to solve problems and learn business rules and processes.
Ask good questions and follow up.
A start-up personality and enjoy working as part of a team.
The ability to thrive in a fast-paced, rapid-growth environment.
Skills to communicate clearly and effectively to both technical peers and business customers.

Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package.
Performance-based annual bonus (cash and stocks).
Hybrid working model (3 days officeweek).
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias.
Monthly food card  company-paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company-provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company-sponsored team-building events and outings.

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.