

Job Summary



IBKR is looking for a Client Operations - Fraud InvestigationResearch Analyst who is motivated, analytical, and methodical individuals with financial services industry background and professional demeanor to be part of an exciting team that is helping to shape one of the worlds strongest trading and brokerage brands. 
The ideal candidate will display passion, integrity, commitment and drive to deliver a positive, differentiated service. 
Your Responsibilities: 

Proactive handling of client exceptional inquiries via call backs - verbal and video client verification. 
Handling escalations of client inquiries pertaining to IBKRs security system via tickets. 
Problem management with focus on security protocols and practices. 
Handling escalations of suspicious client activity or behavior to Senior SFP Analysts. 
Proactive tracking of fraud cases and trends realized. 
Creation of on-the-job training and fraud awareness material. 

 
Qualifications and Experience: 

2 years experience in an information security or fraud prevention role. Open to recent graduates with a degree in the below areas of study. 
BSc in STEM areas (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) and Information Security. 
Proficient in Windows andor macOS computer systems and basic office applications. 
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of the security industry as it relates to IBKR including: 

Social engineering 
Fraud Schemes 
Mobile Security 
Information Security 

Languages: Fluency in English. Any additional language is a plus. 

 
Required Skills: 

Analytical approach to problem solving. 
Organized, practical, good attention to detail. 
Excellent communication (spoken and written) and interpersonal skills. 
Ability to engage and maintain a conversation with clients. 
Ability to build rapport, handle objections and actively steer communications with the goal to collect required information and assist. 
Ability to learn and adapt to new information and technology platforms. 
Navigating multiple computer applications while interacting with clients. 
Personality: Self-confident, self-motivated, extroverted, flexible and able to work independently in a team-oriented environment. 













 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company paid lunch and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 
LI-NB1
 








Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.