Job Description:
The Tax Analyst will focus primarily on direct and indirect tax compliance for two legal entities based in India. Interactive Brokers (India) Private Limited is a regulated broker-dealer registered with the Securities  Exchange Board of India, the National Stock Exchange of India Limited, and a clearing member with the National Clearing Corporation Limited. Interactive Brokers Software Services (India) Private Limited provides technical and administrative services to other group entities.
 
This position reports locally to the Tax Manager and indirectly to the US-based Senior Tax Manager - Corporate Tax and has significant growth potential. The successful candidate will be technically proficient in Indian GST and income tax provision reporting and understand complex tax concepts.
 
The successful candidate will be a highly organized, analytical thinker interested in developing the tax function and reporting efficiently and can work independently.
 
Responsibilities:

Prepare monthly computation and payment of Withholding tax (TDS), GST, and Advance tax.
Prepare monthlyannual GST return filing (including reconciliation) and prepare GST tax refund applications as per GST rules and regulations.
Prepare TDS return every quarter.
Assist with preparing annual tax filings (tax audit, transfer pricing audit).
Work closely with Big 4 tax consulting firm to carry out tax litigation matters for Indian and foreign entities.
Manage direct and indirect taxes and interface with tax consultants on such matters.
Prepare renewal of APA agreement for ITITeS entity and carry out necessary documentation.
Prepare on a monthlyquarterly basis necessary filing with tax authorities for foreign remittances made to intercompanynon-resident licensors.
Prepareupdate necessary requests to programmers to automate GST and tax filing smoothly.

A qualified candidate should have a good knowledge of the following:

Indian tax regulations.
Indian accounting standard.
Financial analytics and communication with executive management.

Qualifications:
Required:

Semi-qualified Chartered Accountant with 5-10 years of experience in taxation and accounting or Post Graduate with 4-8 years of experience in taxation from the financial service industry.

Preferred:

Financial services industry experience.
Minimum of 5 years of tax and accounting experience
Oracle Financials E-Business Suite release 12 experience.
MS Word and Excel proficiency.

Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package.
Performance-based annual bonus (cash and stocks).
Hybrid working model (3 days officeweek).
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias.
Monthly food card  company-paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company-provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company-sponsored team-building events and outings.

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.