Position
Join the INTERACTIVE BROKERS Team!
Interactive Brokers Group has consistently been at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983 and we pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company. We continue to challenge the status quo and push boundaries to offer the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features all for the lowest cost to our customers.
Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Our focus is on providing cutting-edge trading technology to keep our clients one step ahead. We offer award-winning desktop, mobile and web applications which provide our clients with the tools they need to be successful.
Our Trading Platforms group is looking for Software Developer MongoDB DevOps with good knowledge and ability to communicate effectively, understanding problems and explain their solution. The position is well-suited for an organized individual who can meet deadlines, follow written procedures, and collaborate for improvements and be a team player. We are looking for a high-energy, self-starting individual. You will make an immediate impact, work with the latest technology, watch your projects quickly come to completion and enjoy a competitive compensation package
Responsibilities

Developing noSQL storage solution for our backend microservices; leading MongoDB effort.
Setting up CICD for on premise and in the cloud deployment.
Writing and updating documentation for custom software and system design.
Writing well-designed, efficient, and testable code.
Troubleshooting and supporting existing software applications.

Qualifications, Skills  Attributes
Minimum qualifications:

Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering, or related technical field. Masters degree in related field is a plus.
2 years of database technologies experience.
2 years hands-on experience in Application Development.
2 years of experience in supporting software development life cycle for large-scale distributed technology projects and migrations.
Experience building and supporting a MongoDB Ops Manager environment
Experience supporting MongoDB databases scaled across data centers, MongoDB Shards, and with backup and restore of MongoDB databases using LVM snapshots and Ops Manager backups
In-depth understanding of MongoDB HA strategies, including replica sets.
Experience in writing MongoDB Schema using Mongos.
Experience with setting and tuning MongoDB system parameters  

Preferred qualifications:

Expert in DevOps and CICD practices and tools (Jenkins, Ansible, Git, Terraform).
Experience with Configuration Management concepts and tools.
Experience with application telemetry, monitoring and alerting solutions.
Experience with containers (Docker, Kubernetes).
Strong programming skills with Linux Shell scripts i.e. Bash or similar.
Experience with networking (HTTP, HTTPS, Telnet, SSH, Firewall, VPN, Routing and Load Balancing).
Experience with RESTful API.


Company Benefits  Perks 

Discretionary, performance based bonus
Vision and dental care benefits, sport activity compensation
Stock incentive plan
Lunch in the officeThe benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.