Job Description  Requirements:
Interactive Brokers Hong Kong Limited (IBHK) is expanding its customer service department at our Hong Kong location. We are searching for candidates with prior experience in the financial services industry, with extraordinary attention to detail, and strong communication skills. The customer service department is a liaison to Interactive Brokers retail and professional clients.
The IBHK Application Support Group is accountable for providing high quality client service to our sophisticated retail customers, financial advisors, hedge fund operators and other broker-dealers. We aim is to facilitate the client onboarding process by providing account opening guidance while building and maintaining long-term customer relationships as we expand our global service offerings. As part of the Application Support Group, the successful candidate will be the first and most important impression new customers have of Interactive Brokers.

Correspond to inquiries and concerns externally with retail and institutional clients via in-person meetings, telephone, e-mail and on-line chat; internally to sales representatives and customer service representatives
Research and resolve a wide variety of client questionissues on the account opening process
Multi task with a strong emphasis on AML and KYC knowledge while dealing with incoming customer queries
Learn all aspects of the IB Brokerage platform policy and offer alternatives and options to satisfy customer concerns while complying with policies, practices and procedures 
Work closely with Legal and Compliance, Program Developers, and Project Managers to ensure compliance with new and existing procedures and regulatory requirements.

Qualification:

Bachelors degree
Experience:  2-3 years in Customer Service andor Financial Service preferred. Fresh graduates who are motivated will also be considered
Preferably licensed with SFC for RA type 1,2,3 or be able to obtain by attending to licensing paper exams within a short period after joining
Excellent written and oral communication skills in EnglishMandarin
Basic understanding of brokerage regulations and rules that govern client accounts
Demonstrates experience in handling client concerns and issues with tact and diplomacy
Ability to work independently and effectively as part of a team, while handling multiple tasks and responsibilities simultaneously

Core Competencies:

Ability to identify, analyze, and escalate complex issues
Excellent troubleshooting and problem resolution skills
Taking personal responsibility for identifying client needs while providing a high value experience
Efficient, self-motivated and hard working

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, specialist and in-patient  
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch ordered in house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Great work life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting.

 
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.