
Job Description  Responsibilities
 
TAC associates focus on ensuring a solid user experience through the responsive support of our trading software. As a technical assistance team member, you assist clients with inquiries about our software products. You serve as a liaison between internal teams and clients to ensure a prompt and effective resolution of bugs and issues. The ideal candidate will possess the networking and programming knowledge to troubleshoot issues related to our trading client programs. We need a TAC associate that will be probing and analytical, with the ability to recognize, test, and escalate new bugs within our software while assisting our clients with the following: 

Technical and functional support for the Interactive Brokers Trader Workstation, including connectivity, network testing, Java configuration, security protocols by phone, chat and tickets
Problem management with a focus on wide-scale technical issues
Liaising between internal teams and clients to ensure a prompt and effective resolution of bugs and issues
Managing escalations of technical issues to our development team
Addressing client enquiries regarding IBKRs two-factor secure login system

Requirements

Two years of experience in WindowsMac software and hardware support, connectivity and networking support, Java familiarity, and experience in managing a team an advantage
Personality: Self-confident, open, extroverted, good communication skills, flexible and able to work independently in a team-oriented environment
Languages: fluency in English and Russian is a must. Any other European languages are an advantage.
You will be part of a team that is building one of the worlds strongest brokerage brands and part of a global enterprise that employs technology in all aspects of its business to generate growth.


Company Benefits  Perks 

Discretionary, performance based bonus
Vision and dental care benefits, sport activity compensation
Stock incentive plan
Lunch in the officeThe benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.


Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.