
We seek a motivated and technology-oriented candidate to join our Team in Zug, Switzerland.
 
The New Accounts Specialist will assist potential and existing clients with the application process, answer general questions about Interactive Brokers services, and demonstrate and express a positive attitude when speaking to callers.
 
Job Description  Responsibilities

As a member of the New Accounts team, you will be responsible for processing institutional and retail client applications daily.
You will review documentation related to new account openings per European regulations.
Correspond with clients, sales representatives and client service representatives.
Collaborate with other cross-functional teams to assist with account approval and maintenance.
Cross-reference multiple databases and ensure that regulatory aspects of AML and KYC are completed before account opening
Follow internal policy and procedures when dealing with various account-related tasks.

 
Qualification  Skills

Education: Commercial apprenticeship andor equivalent experience
Personality: Self-confident, able to work independently and multitask
Languages: Fluent in English, Italian and French knowledge
Basic PC knowledge, Internet navigation

 
If you are motivated, have strong initiative, and are analytical and methodical, we can offer you a position that will challenge and reward you. You will be part of an exciting team helping to shape one of the worlds strongest brokerage brands and part of a global enterprise that employs technology in all aspects of its business to generate prudent, controlled growth.
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.