
About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the office  two days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
IBKR Security and Fraud (SFP) team is looking for a motivated, analytical, and methodical Senior Security and Fraud Prevention Analyst. You should be an ambitious individual with a financial services industry background, have a professional demeanor and want to be part of an exciting team helping to shape one of the worlds strongest trading and brokerage brands. 
 
The ideal candidate will display passion, integrity, commitment, and drive to deliver a positive, differentiated service. 
 
Your Responsibilities: 

Conducting complex investigations into fraud and security event claims to help protect IBKR customers. These include identity theft, impersonation scams, unauthorized account access, compromised credentials, etc.
Analyzing and interpreting data (login activity, banking, and trading activity) from multiple sources to complement the decision-making process.
Determine existing fraud trends by analyzing accounts and transaction patterns while recommending anti-fraud processes for identified patterns and trends.
Generate security event reports and risk management reports for the line manager.
Provide subject matter expertise while assisting, as necessary, in helping junior analysts learn and develop.
Engage and liaise with many different teams in IBKR, including Compliance, AML, Funds and Banking, and Complaints, among others.
Support line manager in all operational aspects, including ad-hoc investigations or tasks, driving continual process improvement, including the creation of workflows, in support of new fraud patterns and trends realized.

Qualifications and Experience: 

Three-plus years experience in a fraud prevention or fraud investigation role
Bachelors Degree in Finance or Criminology preferred. Other educational degrees are open to apply.
Proficient in Windows andor macOS computer systems and basic office applications.
Information Security knowledge, understanding of financial sector mechanisms, awareness of social engineering security attack methods, and the skills to counter those events are essential for a successful candidate.
Excel skills such as being able to create pivot tables, trend analysis, being able to visualize anomalies
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of the security industry as it relates to IBKR, including: 

Social engineering
Fraud Schemes
Mobile Security (2-factor authentication)
Information Security


Languages: Fluency in English. Any additional language is a plus.

Required Skills: 

Strong analytical approach to problem-solving. 
Organized, practical, with an eye for accuracy and detail.
Excellent communication (spoken and written) and interpersonal skills. The ability to work well with people with a capacity for independent work and subject matter ownership.
Proven skills in time management and prioritization
Ability to meet tight deadlines with real-time decisions while maintaining accuracy
Ability to learn and adapt to new information and technology platforms 
Able to take the initiative. Positive can do attitude and a determination to succeed.
Personality: Self-confident, self-motivated, extroverted, flexible, and able to work independently in a team-oriented environment

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with a competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events, including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.