
The Corporate Security Support position will work under the Global Corporate Security  Safety Manager and support Interactive Brokers Security and Safety initiatives.
Responsibilities:

Monitor IBKRs access control system, investigate alarms, and initiate a response when necessary.
Produce access control reports in support of investigations and policy adherence.
Complete IBKR access badging operations (badge production, activations, deactivations, modifications, reclamations)
Actively monitor the CCTV system by completing daily tours of site cameras, and report observed safety and security concerns.
Conduct CCTV reviews in support of security and compliance investigations.
Complete visitor management requests and ensure adherence to visitor management protocols.
Complete daily site walkthroughs. Observe, report, and document all unusualunsafe activity and take appropriate action as required.
Assist with emergency response to safety and security events.
Ensure all security systems function correctly and report any system outages andor technological issues.
Safety
Complete other tasks as assigned in support of IBKR Corporate Security  Safety.

Qualifications:

Strong interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills
Proficient in English
Accuracy and attention to detail
Computer and Microsoft Office proficiency
Experience in the use of Alarm Monitoring, Access Control, CCTV, and Visitor Management systems 
Must pass a pre-employment background check.
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience in a relevant field
Five-plus years of experience in corporate security environments
CPR and First Aid certified or willing to obtain after onboarding.

Company Benefits  Perks: 

Competitive salary package.
Performance-based annual bonus (cash and stocks).
Hybrid working model (3 days officeweek).
Group Medical  Life Insurance.
Modern offices with free amenities  fully stocked cafeterias.
Monthly food card  company-paid snacks.
Hardshipshift allowance with company-provided pickup  drop facility
Attractive employee referral bonus.
Frequent company-sponsored team-building events and outings.

 Depending upon the shifts.
The benefits package is subject to change at the managements discretion.
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.