Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
We are looking for highly skilled senior programmers with an affinity and liking for Mathematics and a passion for high-quality software engineering. Our openings could be qualified mostly as back-end development. However, day-to-day responsibilities may be connected to front-end tasks as well.
 
As a Java software engineer, your tasks and responsibilities may include the following:

Designing, implementing, and delivering high-quality software solutions that conform to architectural standards
Managing and owning significant development tasks end-to-end (from business requirements analysis to 3rd-level production support)
Demonstrating excellent collaboration skills in working closely with other development teams to roll out important changes and applications
Researching, conceiving, and developing technology solutions to extend and improve IBKRs client-facing and back-end applications
Reviewing code changes made by other developers to ensure correctness, efficiency, readability, and conformity with best practices
Optimizing and refactoring existing code for improved reliability and performance
Writing and maintaining design and engineering documentation
Testing, fine-tuning, and deploying new software features
Performing maintenance, updating production configuration required for rolling out new functionality and providing technical support

Our essential requirements are:

Degree in Computer Science or related technical field
Experience in Java development
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Knowledge of SQL andor relational databases, other data storage solutions
Experience in working in UnixLinux environments
Experience in at least one scripting language (e.g., Unix Shell)
Strong communication skills in English

Company Benefits  Perks 

Discretionary, performance-based bonus
Vision and dental care benefits, sports activity compensation
Stock incentive plan
Lunch in the office

The benefits package will be reviewed regularly and may be subject to change.
 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.