As a Client Technical Support Supervisor at Interactive Brokers, you will play a crucial role in leading and supervising a team of client support professionals to ensure exceptional technical assistance and client service to our clients. This role requires effective communication skills to manage and resolve complex technical issues faced by our clients. 
 
If you have initiative and are motivated, analytical and methodical, enjoy working with people, this position will challenge and reward you. In addition, you will be part of a team that is building one of the worlds strongest brokerage brands. 
  
Responsibilities 

Supervisory Leadership: Lead, mentor, and guide a team of Technical Assistance Client Support Representatives, fostering a positive and collaborative team environment. 
Issue Resolution: Oversee the troubleshooting and resolution of complex technical issues related to trading platforms, account setup and software functionalities. 
Client Communication: Communicate professionally and effectively with clients, acting as an escalation point and providing clear and concise solutions to their technical problems while maintaining high client satisfaction. 
Process Improvement: Identify areas for process improvement within the technical support workflow, proposing and implementing strategies to enhance efficiency and effectiveness. 
Training and Development: Develop and conduct training sessions for team members, ensuring they are up-to-date. 
Performance Metrics: Monitor and analyse key performance metrics to ensure the team meets or exceeds defined service level agreements (SLAs). 
Escalation Management: Manage and escalate critical technical issues to appropriate internal teams while keeping clients informed about issue resolution progress. 
Documentation: Ensure accurate documentation of client interactions, technical issues, and resolutions in internal systems. 
Reporting: Prepare and present regular reports to management, highlighting team performance, trends in technical issues, and areas for improvement. 

 
Requirements

Bachelors degree preferred if in STEM fields, a valid IT certification, or equivalent experience of no less than five years. 
Three-plus years in client-facing support role. 
Five-plus years of experience working with Windows, Macs, software and connectivity support. 
Previous experience in a supervisory, team lead or technical lead role is a major plus.  
Effective leadership and coaching skills. 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to interact professionally with clients and internal stakeholders. 
Experience working with support ticketing systems (knowledge of ConfluenceJIRA is a plus) 
Adaptable to a constantly evolving technical environment. 
Initiative and desire to learn new skillstechnologies and remain current with the latest trends. 
Passion for solving technical problems. 
Languages: Fluency in English and Cantonese is a must. Proficiency in any other is a plus. 
Experience with financial products and services is a plus. 

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, specialist and in-patient 
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch ordered in-house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Great work-life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with a growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.