
Responsibilities: 
The primary responsibilities for this role include assisting the General Counsel, APAC with:

Compliance support when responding to MAS and other APAC regulator queries and properly managing regulatory and compliance risks.
Handling and responding to investigations and internal and external inquiries (regulatory or otherwise) that have escalated, or could potentially escalate, to arbitration, courts, regulators, ombudsmen, and other legal forums.
Project support, such as reviewing contracts or conducting research, from a disputesregulator perspective.
Legal advice on developing AML, Personal Data, IP and other financial services related legislation relevant to IBKR in Singapore and APAC.
On-boarding queries (i.e., AMLKYC advice) of large institutional clients and involvement in the contract negotiation process.

Required Qualifications and Skills:

Three to five-plus years PQE in a common law jurisdiction, candidates with less PQE but substantial pre-qualification will also be considered.
University qualification in a relevant discipline.
Familiarity with the regulatory process, rules and codes in one or more of Singapore, Australia or Hong Kong;
Proven experience and track record at a law firm, financial services regulatory agency, exchange or licensed financial services firm;
Excellent time management skills with a demonstrated track record of managing challenging workloads;
Strong relationship-building skills and can work autonomously and as part of a team
Practical problem solver who can articulate legal risks clearly and concisely with outstanding drafting and negotiation skills;
Comfort with computers and technology and understanding of how technology is applied to business and regulatory problems;
A can do attitude with a willingness to learn.

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
CPF Contributions
Excellent medical insurance, including dental, specialist and in-patient
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch is ordered in-house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Corporate discount on selected fitness centers
Great work-life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with a growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting

Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.