Responsibilities
The candidate shall perform the following duties:

General management, operation, and maintenance of the internal network infrastructure, including equipment in the server room
General IT support, operation, and maintenance operations for internal end users
General operations, including design, implementation, and maintenance of system connections and interfaces to financial instruments exchanges, Japan Securities Dealers Association, Japan Commodity Futures Trading Association, etc.
General BCP operations related to systems
Management of IT services for management, sales and other administrative departments
Matters related to the quality and efficiency of IT services provided
Preparation and management of documents related to the overall picture of the system
Operation and management of the Companys business infrastructure (network management, desktop support, e-mail, market data, server management, database management, telephone system, security, internet services, disaster recovery, etc.)
Maintain applications in accordance with the BCP.
Liaison and correspondence with IBKR Group system personnel in the above operations
Management and supervision of contractors related to systems
Operations related to the above.

 
Skills Required
These are the hard skills for the target candidate, but we also require soft skills such as credibility, information sorting, teamwork, open attitude, etc:

JapaneseEnglish language
Financial company or FinTech company work experience (more than five years)
Communication to JPX, JSDA, JSCC (well-mannered communication is required.
PMPLIT consultant experience
Desktop PC related (Windows, MS applications, VDI, Teams phone, RingCentral), Workstation(Linux, CC, SQL)
System administration for PCLinux
Smartphone (iOSAndroid)
Management tool experience (preferably JIRA, Confluence, ServiceNow)
Web program experience
Data CenterMR management
Telecom Engineering
Telephone system and PBX administration
Network Engineering
Network Securities
JPXPTS system architecture
System administration for the JPXPTS portal
Securities System knowledge (Trading System, ClearingSettlement back office system, Market Data Services, SFTP, SI-Net, Zengin)

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Social Security  Insurance benefits
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch is ordered in-house with fully stocked kitchen.
Modern offices with great access to the metro
Great work-life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with a growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.