Client Services Representative: Funds  Banking  (German or French)
 
Interactive Brokers seeks a banking professional to resolve routine and complex client service issues thoroughly and expeditiously, utilizing sound judgment and emphasizing courtesy via telephone, email and online chat.
 
Client inquiries typically encompass a broad array of themes, including:

Support Cash deposit and withdrawal activity, position transfers, and account administrative functions.
Fraud Prevention
Systematically follow up on and resolve pending transfers, differences and cash transfer-related issues.
Margin calculations; Commission structure, interest and fee.
Coordinate activities with other local and international Client Service divisions and interact with external departments such as Programming, Clearing, Cashiering and Compliance on common issues. Contribute to the development of client service systems, policies and procedures.

Qualification  Skills

Must be fluent in English and German or French
Bankingcommercial apprenticeship or university degree in finance, economics or a related field
Experience in a financial services position (e.g., brokerage, banking, trading, exchange or clearinghouse) is preferred but not required.
In-depth understanding of the following financial instruments: stocks, securities options, futures, options on futures, foreign exchange and fixed income
Strong verbal and written communication skills to accommodate client inquiries directed via telephone, email or online chat.
Understand and Interpret SWIFT messages (MT103, MT 540)
Experience with International security clearing and settlement, as well as experience with cash settlement, preferred but not required.
Working knowledge of various exchange operations and regulations, product offerings and specifications, execution platforms and rules, and margin methodologies preferred but not required

LI-RB1Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.