Job Description and Responsibilities





Act as liaison to Interactive Brokers top-tier clients, including financial  advisers, premium retail customers, financial institutions and hedge funds, striving to provide solutions to inquiries while complying with all policies, practices and procedures.


Problem management with focus on wide scale service issues. Core competences include: handling trade-related issues, trade and margin analysis, account management and funding, product (cash market, equities and derivatives) and exchange knowledge (global), technical services, securities regulations.


Internal coordinator to various departments such as technical operations and programming, analyzing and escalating issues appropriately.





Qualifications




Education: Bachelors degree in Finance, Economics, Business Administration or other related field, or equivalent work experience.  The candidate must possess general market knowledge in futures, options, and the equities markets.


Experience: recently graduate to 3 years financial industry experience preferred with client services background.


Skills:  Strong interpersonal and written communication skills. Must demonstrate excellent analytical and problem resolution skills.


Computer Skills:  Working knowledge of PC technologies, including Microsoft Word, Excel, Databases.  Programming andor UNIX experience a plus.


Registrations: IBG LLC will sponsor:  FINRA Series 7.



Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k)with company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company paid lunch and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities with Udemy
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups






 


Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.