Job Description
Interactive Brokers is hiring an experienced auditor to perform independent assessment of AML Compliance program of its broker dealer entities. Ideal candidate should have prior experience with testing or managing AML Compliance obligations of US brokerage or banking firms. 
 Responsibilities

 Conduct audits of firms AML Compliance programs including regarding customer onboarding, customer due diligence, surveillance, sanction, training, etc.
Plan and execute audit test steps
Prepare audit report that document identified control deficiencies
Communicate audit findings to the management and obtain remedial action plans
Track remedial action plans to completion
Keep abreast with various securities, commodities, banking regulations regarding AMLFinancial Crimes
Assist in ad-hoc projects or other audits of group entities

 Requirements

3-5 years of experience testing AML and Sanctions programs (either at a consulting firm or through an internal audit program at a financial institution)
Familiarity with the 5 pillars of an AML program
Ability to identify gaps in controls at the macro level
ACAMS certification
Experience planning audit engagements (using a risk-based approach), including coordinating efforts with independent third parties and audits of other subject matter teams
Excellent communication skills, including the ability to communicate opinions and identified issues in a clear and concise manner
Capable of performing data analytical tasks

Company Benefits  Perks


Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 
LI-AI1
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.