

About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About Your Team:Interactive Brokers LLC (IBKR) is looking for a sharp, well-organized, dynamic and productive Unclaimed Property Specialist to join a growing operations team within the legal department dedicated to assessing and executing court orders, laws or regulations that require the transfer of ownership or control of client assets. The role will report to the Chief Counsel  Business Operations and is a challenging, hybrid position requiring interest and ability in legal analysis and unclaimed property law, client service, data management, compliance and IBKRs internal account surveillance and database systems.
The Specialist will be responsible for managing and executing all aspects of IBKRs compliance with unclaimed property laws in all 50 US states, including tracking inactive accounts, overseeing efficient and effective efforts to contact clients whose assets are at risk of being deemed unclaimed (including making calls to track down high-value clients we cannot reach), overseeing escheatment (turnover) of funds to the states, state reporting, ensuring compliance with applicable, and audit defense.
 
Qualifications:

Bachelors degree
Two to five years experience in a Legal, Accounting, Compliance, Client Service or Audit role
Prior experience with unclaimed property laws or escheatment processes is a plus; genuine interest in becoming an expert in the field is required.
Highly organized with strong attention to detail and follow-through.
Proficient to advanced skills with MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook)
High level of initiative and integrity
Strong ability to manage multiple projects with competing deadlines
Willingness and desire to learn and to improve existing processes.

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with a competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events, including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups



 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.