

Job Summary



We are seeking several professional individuals to join our Client Services Department. The ideal candidate will have a strong math and technical aptitude, the ability to troubleshoot and explain complex subjects, and the capacity to identify opportunities for technology-based improvements.

The successful candidates will be motivated, have strong initiative, analytical and methodical. We offer you a position that will both challenge and reward you. We look forward to reviewing your online application.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities







Resolve routine and complex client service issues in a thorough and expeditious manner, utilizing sound judgment with an emphasis on courtesy.
Client inquiries typically encompass a broad array of themes including: Operability of IB Trader Workstation, Web Trader and Mobile Trader execution platforms including trading modules and analytical tools; Cash deposit and withdrawal activity, position transfers, and account administrative functions. Product availability and attributes; Exchange, clearing and depository functions; Order types and routing logic; Order status, trade and delivery settlement, exercise  assignment, expiration processing, and corporate actions. Margin calculations; Commission structure, interest, and fee.


Coordinate activities with other local and international Customer Service divisions and interaction with external departments such as Programming, Clearing, Cashiering and Compliance on common issues.
Customer service is the primary function where calls are predominantly routine, but may require deviation from standard screens, scripts, and procedures. Uses computerized system for tracking, information gathering, andor troubleshooting. Requires general knowledge of the organization, products, andor services to assess needs and suggest solutions.




Qualifications




Experience in financial services position (e.g., brokerage, banking, trading, exchange, or clearinghouse) preferred but not required.
Strong verbal and written communication skills to accommodate client inquiries directed via telephone, email, or online chat.
In depth understanding of the following financial instruments: stocks, securities options, futures, options on futures, foreign exchange, and fixed income.


Working knowledge of various exchange operations and regulations, product offerings and specifications, execution platforms and rules, and margin methodologies.
Multi-language skills an advantage




Requirements





Bachelors or advanced degree is required.

POSITIONS AVAILABLE in Chicago, IL, Fort Lauderdale, FL, and Greenwich, CT !!!!

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

LI-NB1
 
 








Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.