Job Description and Responsibilities
IBKR is seeking exceptional individuals to join its fast-growing APAC Institutional Services group.  In this role, you will be responsible for providing unparalleled service to IBKRs institutional and enterprise clients including banks, hedge funds, financial advisors, and introducing brokers.  Our mission is to build deep, long-term relationships and provide a seamless client experience as we continue to expand our global product and service offerings.
Key responsibilities:

Resolve technical, account, and trade-related enquiries via telephone, ticket, and live chat
Take ownership of and escalatereport issues to the relevant stakeholders across various departments and regions
Assist clients in understanding the entire trading lifecycle including but not limited to funding, position transfers, corporate actions, margin calculation, and statement reconciliation
Ad hoc assignments and projects  e.g. client outreach, platform training, general market research

Qualifications
Core competencies:

Strong familiarity in one or more asset classes  Stocks, ETFs, Options, FX, Funds, Futures, Fixed Income
Be able to think critically and reason about complex systems and processes
Maintain composure and professionalism in fast-paced and stressful situations
Excellent command of written and spoken English (Mandarin is a strong plus)

Requirements:

Undergraduate degree
At least 1-2 years prior experience at a large financial institution (new graduates who demonstrate a strong grasp of the core competencies will also be considered)
Licensed with CMFAS 1A , 2A , 6 and 6A or be able to obtain by attending to licensing paper exams within a short period after onboarding
Fluency in productivity applications (e.g. Excel, JIRAConfluence) is a plus

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
CPF Contributions
Excellent medical insurance, including dental, specialist and in-patient
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch ordered in house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Corporate discount on selected fitness centers
Great work life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.