About INTERACTIVE BROKERS!
 
This is a hybrid role (three days in the officetwo days remote).
 
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows in our stellar brokerage platform. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
 
About Your Team
The IBKR Marketing programming team designs, creates and maintains the code base stack that supports IBKR websites, CRM and Sales and Marketing support applications and systems.
 
 What are Your Responsibilities within IBKR:

Design, develop, and optimize Spring Boot REST services that provide data to multiple web applications.
Review, maintain and improve the existing code base.
Write well-designed, tested, and clean code. 
Collaborate with a team of highly competent co-workers in a fast-paced environment.

 
What required skills you need:

BS in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems or Mathematics
Minimum 3 years of experience with Spring Boot and related technologies
Minimum three years of experience as an application developer
Minimum three years of experience in Java technologies (Java Servlets, JSP, J2EE)
Minimum one year of experience with Oracle DBMS
Minimum one year of experience working on Linux
Strong knowledge or experience with Apache Tomcat is a plus
Good knowledge of JSON, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and SQL
Experience with VueJS a plus
Oracle Java Programmer Certification a plus

To be successful in this position, you will have the following:

Self-motivated and able to handle tasks with minimal supervision.
Superb analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent collaboration and communication (Verbal and written) skills.
Outstanding organizational and time management skills.

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.