Job Description
Interactive Brokers Group has been consistently at the forefront of trading innovation, starting with the invention of the first floor-based handheld computer in 1983. We pride ourselves on being primarily a technology company and challenging the status quo. We push boundaries to offer our clients the best trading platform with the most sophisticated features at the lowest cost. Interactive Brokers is regularly recognized as a leader in the financial services industry.
The Senior Financial Analyst will be a member of a team responsible for analyzing the performance of various business and product lines the Company is engaged in and those it is considering. The successful candidate is an experienced, driven individual who has demonstrated in previous roles the capability of supportinginfluencing key business decisions by consistently producing accurate deliverables, taking ownership of multiple interdepartmental projects, and seeing them through to completion while meeting competing deadlines.
 
Primary Responsibilities

Create and analyze key operating and business line metrics, including ensuring that metrics and analyses evolve with the Company and the overall broker-dealer business
Develop financial models and quantitative analyses to support new businesses and products.
Identify areas of potential process improvements within the Company and propose impactful solutions.
In-depth analyses of competitors and financial markets that are prepared for executive management
Expand the Finance teams cross-functional knowledge base, developing advanced proficiency in additional areas of the business and financial markets while also helping to develop more junior members of the team.

Candidates who thirst for honing and utilizing their intellectual curiosity, flourish in a dynamic, fast-paced environment, and possess a stout attention to detail will thrive in this role.
 
Qualifications

Bachelors degree in accounting
Five-plus years of professional experience in an analytical or business development role, preferably within a financial services or technology-driven firm
Proven quantitative and qualitative analytical abilities, including financial modeling and product analysis, coupled with a deep understanding of financial statements
Excellent critical thinking skills with the ability to synthesize key points from large data sets while not losing focus on the big picture.
High degree of proficiency with MS Office suite of products
Experience with Tableau and Oracle E-Business Suite is a plus

 
Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Retirement plan 401(k) with competitive company match
Excellent health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental, and vision benefits
Wellness screenings and assessments, health coaches and counseling services through an Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Paid time off and a generous parental leave policy
Daily company lunch allowance provided, and a fully stocked kitchen with healthy options for breakfast and snack
Corporate events including team outings, dinners, volunteer activities and company sports teams
Education reimbursement and learning opportunities
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.