Job Description  Responsibilities
As part of our Client Services group, you will liaise with Interactive Brokers clients from around the globe, including but not limited to professional retail clients, advisors and broker-dealers. Our goal is to develop and maintain long-term client relationships through responsive, superior and high-touch service while we continue to advance on technology and expand our global product offerings.




Handle clients enquiries via different channels including email, ticket, live chat and phone call
Familiarize with various proprietary platforms including trading systems and administrative portals in order to educate clients to align with our self-service and highly automated business model
Assist clients in understanding the entire trading cycle, including but not limited to funding process, position transfers, corporate actions, margin calculation and statements reconciliation
Troubleshoot with clients and take ownership when issues arise, be able to follow up, escalate and liaise with various internal parties such as Legal  Compliance, Risk, IT, Cashiering, Clearing and other service groups around the world.




Qualification  Skills
Core competencies:

Strong product knowledge  Equities, Options, Futures, FX
Self-starter with highly analytical and critical thinking mindset
Be able to handle stress, work independently and autonomously under a quick and spontaneous environment
Excellent command of written and spoken English and Chinese (Mandarin is a strong plus)

Requirements:

Bachelors degree
2-3 years experience in Customer Service andor Financial Service preferred. (Fresh graduates who demonstrate a strong grasp of the core competencies will also be considered)
Preferably licensed with SFC for RA type 1,2,3 or be able to obtain by attending to licensing paper exams within a short period after joining
Working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel; Bloomberg, UNIX andor basic programming experience a plus
Candidates with prior experience in the areas of client services, middleback office operations, compliance, electronic trading, and fund administration will be given priority

Company Benefits  Perks

Competitive Salary, annual performance-based bonus and stock grant
Excellent health and welfare benefits including medical, dental, specialist and in-patient  
Competitive package of Annual Leave
Daily lunch ordered in house with fully stocked kitchen
Modern offices with multi-monitor setups
Great work life balance
Unique opportunity to gain exposure to global financial products, markets and clientele
Opportunities for career progression and job scope expansion in a global company with growing local presence
Hybrid work arrangement role permitting.

 Company Overview
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: IBKR) is a global financial services company headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, with offices in over 15 countries. We have been at the forefront of financial innovation for over four decades, known for our cutting-edge technology and client commitment.
IBKR affiliates provide global electronic brokerage services around the clock on stocks, options, futures, currencies, bonds, and funds to clients in over 200 countries and territories. We serve individual investors and institutions, including financial advisors, hedge funds and introducing brokers. Our advanced technology, competitive pricing, and global market help our clients to make the most of their investments.
Barrons has recognized Interactive Brokers as the 1 online broker for six consecutive years. Join our dynamic, multi-national team and be a part of a company that simplifies and enhances financial opportunities using state-of-the-art technology.