Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
Youll have an exciting opportunity to influence the trajectory of Intercoms overall business, partner with our Sales, Legal, and Finance teams, and take on an operating role with an exciting and fast growing company that aims to fundamentally change the way companies interact with their customers.
As a Deal Desk Analyst, you will be responsible for overseeing the quote-to-order process and ensuring the smooth execution of some of our largest and most strategic opportunities. You will act as a key stakeholder to Sales, Legal, Finance, Accounting, and Business Systems, managing deal formation and flow, implementing policy, and driving sustainable growth while reducing sales cycle times.
Were looking for a proactive, independent thinker, with sound business acumen and excellent communication and collaboration skills. You are able to work in a structured manner to thrive in ambiguity and are not afraid to roll up your sleeves to dive into business challenges and create solutions to problems that have never been tackled before.
This is a new position on the Deal Desk team and you will be responsible for assisting the development and implementation of best practices across the organization.
What will I be doing? 

Support our Global Sales teams by providing deal desk guidance within the Sales Operations team and improving our day-to-day processes and systems
Fostering best practices to increase sales effectiveness via structured deal reviews and checkpoints, supported by standard business practices and policies, and proper enablement around these
Drive process and systems requirements (including CPQ) to implement best-in-class quote-to-order process; provide assistance is closingmanaging deals in the systems
Lead evaluation and review of all contracts for completeness, accuracy, and adherence to our policies
Ensure approvals for non-standard deals have been properly documented, escalated to the right approval levels, and resolved within reasonable timeframes
Work independently on projects, and apply judgment in resolving issues or in making recommendations
Develop strong collaborative relationships with key stakeholders in Sales, Legal, Finance, Accounting, and other key teams across the company
Assisting on contract negotiations internally, including: deal structure, discounting guidance, order processing, etc.

What skills do I need? 

1-2 years experience in Deal Desk or Sales Operations role in SaaS
Experience in dealing with complex, cross-functional dealcontract management across Sales, Finance and Legal
Understanding of quote-to-order process, knowledge of Salesforce CPQ is a plus
Strong structured problem solving skills along with ability to demonstrate practical judgment in complex situations
Able to work with a high degree of autonomy, and prioritize different requests
Strong communication skills, including experience effectively communicating with senior management
Willing to work in a highly demanding and results-oriented team environment
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel
Working knowledge of Salesforce 
Bachelors degree

 
Bonus skills  attributes  

Background working in high-growth, performance-focused environments
Knowledge of software revenue recognition principles would be an advantage

 
Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and meaningful equity
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Regular compensation reviews - great work is rewarded!
Open vacation policy and 10 corporate holidays
Paid Parental Leave Program
401k plan  match
In-office bicycle storage
Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!
Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 