Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. 
Whats the opportunity? 
You will do meaningful product design work at a highly admired product-driven company thats driving real change in the industry.
Each product designer at Intercom works in a team with a product manager, up to 6 engineers, and some also work directly with research and analytics. Together they own a part of Intercom, ship solutions to challenging problems and get feedback directly from customers.
Weve had designers in key leadership roles, including at the exec level, from the very beginning. This has made design a core foundation of our companys DNA. This means that youll never have to justify the importance of design.
We genuinely care about people and value kindness in our everyday interactions. Youll be able to be yourself, feel valued, supported, learn and grow no matter how experienced you are.
If you want to learn more about what its like to work here, check out intercom.design, read what makes us different, and watch a keynote from our CEO talking about our mission, vision and the next chapter of Intercom.
What will I be doing? 


Work through design problems from beginning to end, translating insights from research and analytics into concepts that form disruptive new products and features, and designing the detailed workflows and interactions required to make them a reality.


Collaborate with designers across the organisation to raise the quality bar and continuously improve Intercoms design processes, principles, and tooling.


Sketch and prototype ideas to quickly assess their viability, and design the fine-grained details of components, interactions, and transitions.


Partner with product managers to define and evolve product roadmaps.


Work closely with engineers as you build, iterate on, and ship ideas.


Write about, present, and share what youre learning, both internally and with the wider community via our blog, books, and events.


What skills and experience do I need? 
See what we look for when we hire designers


Experience designing digital products and systems, not just websites. You have helped ship products that solve real problems, and that people use.


An appreciation of the entire product development process, from problem solving and system modelling, through to detailed UI, visual, and interaction design.


Ability to design polished, high-fidelity mockups of your solutions using modern design tools such as Figma and Sketch.


Ability to create interactive prototypes using tools like Figma, Framer, Invision, and Keynote, or in the browser with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.


Strong communication skills to help people across the company understand the rationale behind your proposals, and the complex nuances of design problems.


Motivated self-starter who can deeply collaborate with other disciplines including product management, engineering, research, and analytics.


A growth mindset. Willingness to own problems. Comfort with ambiguity. A desire to make things better. A balanced sense of optimism and humility.


Your experience should ideally focus on designing software products, and your portfolio should clearly outline the problems youve taken on with your design work. It should touch on the process you applied to find solutions and overcome challenges, rather than focusing just on visual polish, or the final deliverables.
Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)


Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up


We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen


Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!


Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents


Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it


Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones


If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too


MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done


 
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organisation. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse Intercom! We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
LI-RemoteIntercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 