Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
As a Business Development Representative, you will play a critical role in driving revenue growth for the Intercom Sales organization through effective pipeline generation. Our role is to lay the foundation for Intercom Sales by engaging with prospects and customers, helping them understand the value of Intercom through creative  engaging prospecting.
We invest in our BDRs. We strongly believe in giving our team the opportunities to grow  develop at Intercom, to push themselves outside of their comfort zones to achieve goals they never thought possible.  In joining the Business Development team at Intercom, you join a community that believes in development and promotion from within. Were looking for people who are excited to work in a fast-moving company, make an impact, and rapidly develop their career in sales.
As a BDR team, we empower one another to achieve our goals, exceed expectations and continue to deliver real business impact. Were looking for a teammate to do the same!
 We currently operate in a hybrid working model and have offices in San Francisco, Chicago, Dublin, London and Sydney.  While wed love to see you at the office, this job is also available for remote employment if your place of permanent residence in the following states; California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington.
What will I be doing? 

Creating and prioritizing strategic target account lists with Account Executives
Generating new business pipeline for Account Executives through cold calling, email, social etc.
Providing a great experience for Intercoms prospective customers
Maintaining an up-to-date knowledge of our product and its value to customers
Demonstrating an ability to attract new customers
Working with other functions to improve business processes
Engaging in team development and mentoring

What skills do I need? 

Strong desire to build a career in Sales, you want to be an Account Executive in the future
1 year of customer-facing work experience (Sales andor SaaS experience is a )
Operational Excellence

You can use your time in an effective and efficient manner to complete revenue driving activities, you can quickly identify where to focus your efforts to drive more pipeline.


Competitive Landscape  Industry Knowledge is crucial

Youll bring an understanding of the SaaS landscape and our target verticals. You always want to stay on top of the lastest news  industry trends.


Prospecting skills (cold calling, email, social)

You know how to leverage modern sales engagement tools to deliver prospect engagement across multiple channels (phone, email, LinkedIn)


Communication

You can articulate your thoughts and express ideas effectively using verbal, written and non-verbal communication skills (to inform, instruct, and persuade), to different audiences.
You listen effectively and love to partner and collaborate with your peers


Growth Mindset

Youre self-aware and understand both your strengths and weaknesses. You understand every day is an opportunity to be 1 better than the day before. You proactively seek feedback.


Results Oriented

You bring a never settle approach to quota, progression and team development. Results oriented SDRs are hungry to succeed and raise the bar.



Bonus skills  attributes 

Bachelors Degree preferred
Familiarity with these systems and tools: (SFDC, Outreach, Cognism, Zoominfo, LinkedIn Sales Navigator

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
Catered lunch every weekday, plus a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Healthcare stipend towards private health insurance for you and your partnerspouse
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done

 Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 