Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
The Customer Support team is responsible for educating and supporting our customers on a global level. Our job starts the moment a customer decides they want to use Intercom, sticking with them every step of the way to ensure they get the most value from our product. 
This opportunity is for folks who truly love problem-solving and troubleshooting, with the end goal of empowering our customers to reach their objectives and address any challenges with our product. This is not a springboard into other areas or jobs at Intercom, but this is a great role for those who are looking to be part of our support team for a while and who are excited about growing alongside Intercom. We also want people that have an eye for improvement and efficiency, someone who wants to work at a place where theyre encouraged  to bring ideas and feedback to the table on how things could be better for our team andor our customers. 
This position will be hybrid with the expectation to work from the office 2 days a week and work from home the remaining 3 days of the week. You are welcome to work from the office full-time if that is preferred.
What will I be doing? 

Communicating efficiently and effectively with our customers - we use our own product to do most of our support, but youll also be talking to customers on the phone every now and then.
Owning customer communications and issues from initial contact until resolution
Becoming an encyclopedia of knowledge about how Intercom works and what it is capable of
Being the one responsible, along with the Support team, to ensure that all customers have a great experience with the product - a crucial part of the role is ensuring we make the product as easy to use, reliable, bug-free, and fast as possible
Working directly with product teams to identify current issues and, synthesizing the diverse feedback you hear from our customers, offer informed opinions on potential solutions

What your first 6 months will look like:
30 days - Onboarding to Intercom and Customer Support: Youll learn what it means to be an Intercomrade and the ins  outs of our product. You will learn the fundamentals to set you up for success and be talking to our customers alongside a dedicated mentor.
90 days - Helping customers  crushing KPIs: At this point youll be fully ready to jump in helping customers and tracking your performance based on our ambitious yet achievable Key Performance Indicators.
6 months - Broadening your impact on the team and your personal development: While supporting customers, you will also have the opportunity to get involved with CS teams and additional projects like social media support, bots  automation, quality assurance, internal support, and more! 
What skills do I need? 
Remember that theres no such thing as the perfect candidate or background, which is what makes us unique and successful! Imposter syndrome is common, but wed love to hear from you. So please dont hesitate to apply, even if you dont tick every box on this page!

Solid understanding of tech fundamentals  modern day tools (Slack, Chrome, Coda, Guru, Asana, etc.)
Strong customer focus (excels at  enjoys helping customers)
Strong communication skills (ability to question, clarify, empathize, use appropriate tone  language, personable)
Strong problem solving skills (ability to think critically and learn on-the-fly)
Ability to troubleshoot and utilize resources to answer questions on baseline topics
Ability to take on  action feedback
Excitement for a support environment that is constantly experimenting with workflows and automation to drive efficiency
Demonstrated success working with Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) or other metricsquotas

Bonus skills  attributes 

Previous experience working in a troubleshooting environment
Understanding of web technologies and concepts (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, APIs, etc.)
1-2 years of technical support experience

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
Catered lunch every weekday, plus a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Healthcare stipend towards private health insurance for you and your partnerspouse
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done

 Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 