Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
At Intercom, you will be a product engineer - someone who solves real customer problems through a smart and efficient application of your technical knowledge and your tools. Youll be part of one of our multidisciplinary product teams, where you will build both back-end and front-end systems, and work closely with designers, product managers, researchers, and data analysts.
Were facing many exciting scaling challenges and were building a robust platform where your expertise can be applied to areas such as building a beautiful messenger composer, rule matching, deliverability, security, app availability and machine learning, to name a few. 
Learn more about our engineering culture at intercom.engineering
What will I be doing? 
As an experienced engineer you will:

Develop technical plans and contribute to our technical architecture as we scale our products to serve tens of millions of people every day.
Write Ruby code, which knits together a lot of AWS, infrastructure, platform and SaaS technologies that form the core of Intercoms backend infrastructure
Ship a change to production on your first day and a feature in your first week. That day one change is automatically deployed to production along with 100 other deployments (on average) each weekday
Grow your teams capacity by mentoring other engineers and interviewing candidates. This is a chance to be an integral part of building and growing a team.

What skills do I need? 

2 years of industry experience in a software engineering role, preferably building a SaaS product. You can demonstrate significant impact that your work has had on the product andor the team.
Deep knowledge of a high-level programming language (for example, Ruby, Python, Javascript etc.) but it doesnt need to be a language that we use here! Great people are effective and learn what we use quickly (or introduce us to better ways of working)
Experience collaborating directly with product teams and designers, and a proven track record of delivering value to customers or users. Engineers at Intercom are pragmatists who work closely with others on cross-disciplinary teams
Experience with Distributed systems 

What happens when I apply? 
First, apply so we can review your CV :) As the next step, we will send you our take-home test to work on in your own time. You can find more details on the questions and how we evaluate answers here. The following step will be a phone interview with one of our engineers which will focus on technical and culture contribution questions (this step is sometimes broken down into 2 interviews). The final step is a virtual onsite interview. 
Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done


 
We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organisation. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse Intercom! We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 