Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
Intercoms iOS Messenger SDK is integrated into thousands of iOS apps and used by millions of users. Were looking for an iOS Engineer to help us shape and accelerate our mobile Messenger strategy. In this role, youll be part of the team consisting of mobile engineers, product manager, designer and full-stack web engineers that own problems end to end for all mobile offerings at Intercom. 
Building a visual Messenger SDK allows you to ship beautiful and quality UIUX for millions of users while also giving you a unique opportunity to go deeper into the iOS operating system than you would building an app.
How does mobile work in Intercom?
We value autonomy in our teams at Intercom. The Messenger team is staffed with iOS, Android and full-stack web engineers as well as a Designer and Product manager. We own problems end to end, which means you will work with all those people as we build new products. While we dont expect you to write code outside of the iOS codebase, it is important to be willing to learn, fully understand and take ownership of the system and customer experience end to end.
Our iOS Messenger SDK is built in Objective-C. We are open to change, adopting the right tools for the job but we are pragmatic in how we use our time. We optimize for delivering the highest value for our customers.
The Messenger team collaborates with the other teams in Intercom as we bring a range of features to the mobile SDKs. As platform experts, we know whats best on mobile and can help support and upskill other teams to adopt their features for mobile.
We value moving fast and shipping to learn at Intercom. Weve got a great CI setup with extensive unit test coverage using XCTestCase and Kiwi. UI tests are done using Calabash. Our strong test coverage allows us to safely move fast without breaking existing features. We make heavy use of Cocoapods to distribute our app both publicly and for our own internal pods.
What will I be doing? 

Collaborate on shaping our mobile strategy and roadmap across all Intercom offerings.
Owning problems end to end, working with design, product, backend engineers as well as other iOS and Android engineers to solve the biggest problems for our customers. We believe in autonomous teams and that the best mobile products are created from close collaboration across the stack, without barriers.
Help us make the right tradeoffs while being pragmatic and building for the long term.
Develop technical plans and contribute to our technical architecture as we grow.
We move fast at Intercom but building a mobile SDK demands a very high quality bar. You will help us build long-standing, well tested and reliable iOS code.

What skills do I need? 

3 years experience building mobile products on iOS.
Knowledge of Objective-C or Swift, iOS APIs and design patterns.
Youve published one or more apps in the AppStore.
Experience collaborating directly with product teams and designers, and the ability to deliver value to customers or users. Engineers at Intercom are pragmatists who work closely with others on cross-disciplinary teams.

How will I be supported?

Youll report directly to an Engineering Manager who will start you off with a great onboarding plan.
Youll embed immediately into our Messenger team and receive dedicated peer support from one of our engineers.
We invest heavily in our Engineers, supporting individual career development through training and coaching.

What happens when I apply? 
First, apply so we can review your CV :)  You can find more details on the questions and how we evaluate answers here. The following step will be a phone interview with one of our engineers which will focus on technical and culture contribution questions (this step is sometimes broken down into 2 interviews). The final step is a virtual onsite interview. 
Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done


 
 Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 