Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
Intercom is looking for a Sr. Pricing Strategy Manager to help scale our Monetization team. This team leads pricing and packaging efforts across all of Intercoms new and existing products and services. You will take the lead on complex projects, incorporating customer insights, company strategy, quantitative analysis, and stakeholder management. You will collaborate with leaders from product, marketing, sales, and finance to lead research, develop recommendations, run experiments, and launch new products - ultimately helping Intercom continue to grow.
This position is highly visible, cross-functional, and strategic, and you will be in the drivers seat for one of the most impactful roles in the business. This is a unique opportunity to make a big impact at an iconic late-stage SaaS unicorn!
Our preference is to hire someone in Dublin (office) or London (office). However, we may consider fully remote ( USA East Coast preferred) for the right candidate. 
The base salary range for this role is targeted at 150,600 - 177,200 in Colorado and most remote locations in the U.S., and 177,200 - 239,800 for the San Francisco Bay Area and New York. Actual base pay will depend on a variety of factors such as education, skills, experience, location, etc. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. All regular employees may also be eligible for the corporate bonus program or a sales incentive (target included in OTE) as well as stock in the form of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs).  Please note that this information is only provided publicly for candidates in California, New York and Colorado, but the role is open to candidates outside of those locations as well.
What will I be doing? 

Lead Pricing and Packaging projects, with particular focus on existing products, services, metrics, and levers, through experimentation, customer research, and collaboration with sales teams
Operationalize and improve the product launch and monetization process, in collaboration with Product Marketing, Business Operations, RD and Product
Identify opportunities for new pricing, packaging and bundling strategies that will contribute to our strategic goals and revenue growth.
Drive competitive pricing analysis, pricing research, and other relevant analyses to inform pricing recommendations
Collaborate with our research and data science teams to develop standardized, repeatable monetization reports to uncover key trends, performance, issues, behaviors, and metrics
Propose experiments and research projects to optimize our monetization strategy

What skills do I need? 

Bachelors degree or equivalent working experience; MBA preferred but not required
8 years of experience in developing pricing and packaging, marketing B2B SaaS products, management consulting or related field
Excellent organization and project management skills, able to demonstrate experience working in a fast-paced environment with tight deadlines and multiple, competing priorities
Proven analytical skills and strategic thinking, with demonstrated ability to develop creative solutions to complex problems
Able to effectively communicate and influence across all levels: within the team, to cross-functional partners, leadership, and executives
Strong research abilities, with experience performing customer segmentation, price elasticity analysis, competitive intelligence, and ROI analysis.
Strong written and spoken communication skills

Bonus skills  attributes 

Experience with pricing experiments like Van Westendorp, Gabor-Granger, and conjoint analysis.
Familiarity with quantitative tools such SQL, Excel and Tableau

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done

 Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 