Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
As part of the Business Operations team, youll drive key decisions and initiatives in collaboration with stakeholders across the company. Were looking for someone who exhibits intellectual curiosity and analytical rigor to take on challenges that span the breadth of our business. Youll get your hands dirty in the process. Youll construct persuasive cases for and against certain courses of action and follow through with execution. Youll have executive-level visibility and a finger on the pulse of the overall business. Youll act as an example and mentor to both people on the team and outside the team. This role presents a significant opportunity to influence the trajectory of a rapidly expanding company.
What will I be doing? 
Business Operations works on the highest impact business problems we face. Youll collaborate with stakeholders across the company to steer key initiatives designed to address these problems. Such as:

Build consensus and deliver a commitment on the right course of action. Partner with cross-functional stakeholders (Finance, Marketing, Sales, Support, RD, etc.) to operationalize that commitment and see the resulting initiative through to a successful outcome;
Develop business cases for Intercom to invest in new markets or steer new initiatives by gathering relevant context  data and building sound financial models to inform the right course of action;
Assess Intercoms business and identify opportunities for improvement to support our company strategy and organizational priorities. Develop corresponding action plans and lead cross-functional partner teams to address the opportunity and demonstrate meaningful improvement.

Some examples of the projects you could work on:

Develop business cases for Intercom to invest in new markets, new product offerings, or deliver improved business performance through other channels; working with teams across the business to drive strategies and recommendations all the way through to reality;
Become a subject matter expert in one or more of our business areas; in particular, Marketing, Sales, or Finance; contribute to the creation of the winning strategies for those areas; and provide insights and opinion on those areas on an ongoing and proactive basis;
Produce research pieces based on a deep interrogation of the wider customer service market, Intercoms and competitors positions in it, and identifying short- and long-term threats and opportunities;
Closely partner with our finance, business analytics and data teams to assess the health of our business systems and revenue reporting infrastructure for an executive audience. Deliver a unified dashboard that concisely communicates in which areas of our business we are doing well and in which areas there are opportunities;
Establish and run an ongoing cadence of business performance reporting including recommendations on what can be improved and coordinating with stakeholders on the ownership and actions.

As the above list suggests, you should enjoy variety in your work, be very comfortable with ambiguity, have an insatiable drive to make an impact, and not just willing, but excited, to get your hands dirty.
What skills or experience do I need? 

You have 5 years of experience in technical or quantitative fields including significant operating experience within a technology company, with a mix of management consulting, Finance, Analytics, Operations, Go To Market, and  or Product roles;
You should have a solid understanding of subscription-based businesses and SaaS metrics such as ARR, GRR, NRR, Expansion, Churn, CAC, and LTV. Additionally, you should have some familiarity with general GTM funnel concepts and metrics including Self-serve vs Sales-led, PLG, Sales pipeline.
You love to immerse yourself in, and think deeply about, new problem spaces and arent afraid to ask why?, why not?, and what if?;
You have an appetite to absorb data (quantitative  qualitative) from a variety of sources (SQL, customer interviews, Sales rep data, competitors, product behavior, dashboards, meetings, etc.); connect it; and be able to draw a so what? conclusion;
You communicate effectively in written (documents and emails), visual (charts and decks), and verbal forms, and are able to calibrate communications for audiences of all levels;
You have a proven commercial sense, i.e., be able to connect a course of action that Intercom takes to the impact on top or bottom line figures and other leading indicators of business performance;
You are comfortable writing intermediate SQL from scratch and performing data analysis to define key performance indicators; use them to better understand our business; identify opportunities and threats; and persuasively communicate findings to cross-functional stakeholders at all levels;
You have a basic working knowledge of statistical concepts (but you dont have to be a data scientist).

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and meaningful equity
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Regular compensation reviews - great work is rewarded!
Open vacation policy and 10 corporate holidays
Paid Parental Leave Program
401k plan
In-office bicycle storage
Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!

Proof of eligibility to work in the United States is required.
Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law.
The base salary range for candidates within the San Francisco Bay Area is 152,200- 206,000 USD. Actual base pay will depend on a variety of factors such as education, skills, experience, location, etc. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. All regular employees may also be eligible for the corporate bonus program or a sales incentive (target included in OTE) as well as stock in the form of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs).  

We currently operate in a hybrid working model and have offices in San Francisco, Chicago, Dublin, London and Sydney
Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 