Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
The Corporate Financial Planning and Analysis (Corp FPA) team at Intercom is responsible for Intercoms PL and Cash Flow planning, forecasting, reporting and analysis. The work that the Corp FPA team leads is crucial and a key part of Intercom achieving its growth objectives. The team leads cross-functional efforts on our capital allocation plans and brings insights to performance improvement throughout the year.
The Finance Lead will lead consolidated PL and Cash Flow forecasting and reporting. This is a highly visible role which will work closely with Finance Leadership and cross-functional business partners. This role will report directly to the Sr. Director, Corporate FPA and will be located in San Francisco where the rest of the team sits.
The ideal candidate is highly analytical and proactive, with a strong executive presence to influence and work cross-functionally, and is comfortable with operational details and results-driven approach.
This is a great opportunity to impact the trajectory of a quickly growing company. Apply if you are hungry to take ownership over your work, and excited by what Intercom is trying to achieve. 
What will I be doing? 

Establish world class monthly, quarterly and annual PL and Cash Flow reporting and forecasting processes.
Through deep analytics and critical thinking help establish FPA as an insights powerhouse with our business partners.
Set the standard across FPA for high quality Executive and Board communications.
Improve FPA data, models and processes to drive forecasting accuracy and continually reduce the margin of error.
Help mature the FPA function to become proactive, predictive and insight oriented, enabling our business leaders to make strategic decisions and grow our business.
Accelerate Corp FPAs ongoing transformation into a very high performing function by leading key team processes such as OKR management and calendar management. Work hand-in-hand with FPA leadership to establish trust with business partners and elevate the role of FPA at Intercom.

What skills do I need? 

8 years of relevant experience in FPA.
Annual planning experience, preferably at a high-tech or enterprise software company.
Comfortable working closely and building relationships with C-Level Executives.
Comfortable with writing Executive and Board quality slide decks.
Experienced in building PL, Balance Sheet and Cash Flow models.
Comfortable with data and ambiguity; able to both delve into the details and operational tactics, and engage meaningfully on the big picture or overall strategy.
Able to understand complex business drivers, produce high-quality analytics, develop insights and communicate clearly and succinctly to a different audiences
Highly adept in Google Sheets, Excel and Google Slides.
Prior experience in FPA required; Management Consulting or Banking experience preferred

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and meaningful equity
Catered lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Fully funded comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Open vacation policy and 10 corporate holidays
Paid Parental Leave Program
Commuter benefits  401k plan
In-office bicycle storage
Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!

The base salary range for candidates within the San Francisco Bay Area is 141,800 - 191,800. Actual base pay will depend on a variety of factors such as education, skills, experience, location, etc. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. All regular employees may also be eligible for the corporate bonus program or a sales incentive (target included in OTE) as well as stock in the form of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs).  Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 