Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
Were looking for an experienced Senior Design Manager to grow our people and products. Design Managers at Intercom directly support product Designers in delivering the best work they can while also working on high-level strategic design projects themselves. The opportunity to have impact at both of these levels is massive: youd be joining a small Design Leadership Team, so youll have very real ownership and potential to define the role and make your mark. At the same time, were not just starting out - theres a stable and mature environment and an existing base on which you can build. All together, youll have the opportunity to do the best work of your career.
Weve had Designers in key leadership roles, including at the exec level, from the very beginning. This has made Design a core foundation of our companys DNA, and youll never have to justify the importance of Design. We genuinely care about people and value kindness in our everyday interactions. Youll be able to be yourself, feel valued, supported, learn and grow no matter how experienced you are.
If you want to learn more about what its like to work here, check out intercom.design, read what makes us different, and listen to a podcast with our Chief Product Officer, Paul Adams. If youre passionate about helping Product Designers to grow and learn while shipping high-quality product that solves real problems for customers, wed love to hear from you! By the way, imposter syndrome is a real thing, dont let it stop you and please apply!
We currently operate in a hybrid working model and have offices in San Francisco, Chicago, Dublin, London and Sydney.  
What will I be doing? 

Managing and supporting Product Designers and Senior Product Designers across multiple products 
Coaching and providing feedback on your teams performance, helping them to develop clear career development goals and action plans on how to achieve them
Partner with the Group Product Manager and Group Engineering Manager for the group you lead, collectively ensuring that the group is strategically aligned, engaged, and delivering results.
Helping to shape the future vision of products and driving strategic design work in exciting areas, such as conversational design, messengers, machine learning and more
Partnering directly with our Directors and VPs of Product Design in Dublin and London to evolve the Product Design team: our people, our structure, our processes, our beliefs
Collaborating with leaders across the company: other design leaders, Research, Data Analytics, Product Management, Engineering, Marketing, Sales, and more
Growing Intercom Design by recruiting and representing us publicly in ways like writing for our blog, speaking, community building and outreach, and more

What skills do I need? 

Experience managing Product Designers and genuinely caring about how the people who report to you perform, feel, and grow. The ability to develop a genuine relationship with people and help them grow, learn, and succeed.
Experience designing digital products and systems. This isnt solely a people management role - youll also be involved with and guide the product work. All of our managers care deeply about and actively engage in our product development process, details, and outcomes.
A working knowledge of the full stack of Product Design, from systems thinking to visual design. You dont need to be a specialist in all of these things, but you should be able to have informed, intelligent conversations.
Ability to communicate with precision, clarity, honesty, and respect.
Ability to envision and lead change. There are many things that we still need to evolve and improve about how we work, and design managers are a key part in driving that change. Were looking for someone who aligns with our values, but also who makes us better.
A growth mindset. Willingness to own problems. Comfort with ambiguity. Passion for building product. A desire to make things better.

Bonus skills  attributes 
Wed also love to see your portfolio of design work. It should touch on the problems you solved (ideally focused on designing software products) and the process you applied to tackling the challenges, rather than focusing just on visual polish, or the final deliverables. 
Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Pension scheme  match up to 4
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too 
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done

 
 
LI-Hybrid
LI-Remote
 Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 