Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
Intercom is reshaping our go to market approach, including how we monetize our offerings.  We are overhauling our legacy pricing and packing, our systems, and how we work.  We are making significant investments to reduce complexity, support faster growth, and increase customer satisfaction. 
The role we are looking to fill will be pivotal in helping us achieve success. Youll be iterating our pricing and packaging, monetizing new offerings, and creating delightful customer experiences.  Youll directly lead a talented team across engineering, design, and data science.  Youll also partner deeply with sales, growth, finance, and RD, among others.
This role will report to the director of product for monetization and will be high visibility and high impact, regularly working with senior executives and leading some of the most important projects at Intercom.
What will I be doing? 

Youll lead high-impact monetization projects, partnering closely with many teams across Intercom to drive measurable business impact
Youll research and deeply know the problems faced by our customers across the commercial lifecycle from purchase to usage to expansion to billing to renewal
Youll leverage your commercial acumen and product skills to most effectively monetize the customer journey and support Intercoms growth
Youll manage the roadmap: capture work from a wide range of inputs, understand and prioritise this work so your team is always working on the most impactful projects
Youll collaborate with your team in thinking big, to imagine solutions that solve both customer and business problems
Youll scope these solutions to their smallest coherent state to ship to customers as early as you can
Youll constantly evaluate if your solutions have solved the problem through quantitative and qualitative measures, both in testing and after full release.
Youll motivate a group of committed, smart people to do the best work of their careers

What skills do I need? 

5 years experience as a product manager, founder, or monetization professional with a proven track record of shipping impactful product.
You are commercially-minded - you understand business levers and are outcome-orineted
You are data-driven and analytically-minded
You are comfortable working across the product and customer life cycle, from go to market to optimizing digital experiences
Demonstrable experience of leading a team 
You can clearly communicate decisions and the rationale behind them. Youre equally able to drive decisions within your team as you are able to influence senior executives.
Youre entrepreneurial; you dont need direction; youre self driven.
Youre organised, not ad hoc.
Youre able to easily switch between thinking creatively and analytically.

Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done

We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organisation. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse Intercom! We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
LI-HybridIntercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 