Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
The Intercom Creative Studio is looking for a Staff-Level Designer with experience building design systems based in thoughtful creative strategy. At an exciting moment in time for Intercom, youll be responsible for applying cutting-edge creative thinking to all of the brands most impactful touchpoints. Our small but growing in-house team is home to a diverse group of creatives with a broad range of experience, backgrounds and talents. Were constantly looking for ways to make our day-to-day work feel fresh and meaningful, and we deeply value the health and wellness of each member of the team.
What will I be doing? 

Lead design work for brand systems that ladder up to Intercoms core identity, influencing work at the program level
Establish Intercoms brand as a leader and reference point for the industry
Own the rollout of new brand design systems
Develop sub-brands
Audit brand surfaces for inconsistencies and own new creative solutions
Be proactive to ensure brand touchpoints are aligned with Intercoms core identity
Create bespoke campaigns that deliver on our brand and business strategy
Create impactful branding for Intercom events
Own management of the brand component library in figma
Collaborate with senior leadership about program-level creative strategies
Continuously learn about Intercoms products and maintain deep empathy with B2B SaaS audiences
Work in partnership with the Producer, Design Manager, and Copy Manager to operationalize the Systems workstream
Document and communicate new creative strategies to other members of the Creative Studio and stakeholders across the company
Art direct more junior designers and freelancers

What skills do I need? 

10 years design experience with a portfolio showcasing a breadth of brand identity work
Proficiency in Figma, Adobe CC
Experience in motion design and illustration (in execution andor art direction)
Ability to work autonomously and guide more junior members of the team


Ability to balance staying on top of design trends while remaining true to Intercoms core brand identity


Detail oriented—ability to sweat design details while also seeing the big picture
Understand the impact of change at a strategic, systems-wide level that can affect the brand as a whole
Ability to communicate with precision, clarity, honesty, and respect
Ability to articulate and defend decisions to senior leadership
A strong understanding of Intercoms brand strategy and how to apply it
A strong understanding of business goals and strategy
Ability to navigate ambiguous projects

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and meaningful equity
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Regular compensation reviews - great work is rewarded!
Open vacation policy and 10 corporate holidays
Paid Parental Leave Program
401k plan  match
In-office bicycle storage
Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!

Proof of eligibility to work in the United States is required.
The base salary range for candidates within the San Francisco Bay Area is 170,000 - 200,000. Actual base pay will depend on a variety of factors such as education, skills, experience, location, etc. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. All regular employees may also be eligible for the corporate bonus program or a sales incentive (target included in OTE) as well as stock in the form of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs). Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 