Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
Intercoms Machine Learning team is responsible for defining new ML features, researching appropriate algorithms and technologies, and rapidly getting first prototypes in our customers hands.
We are an extremely product focussed team. We work in partnership with Product and Design functions of teams we support. Our teams dedicated ML product engineers enable us to move to production fast, often shipping to beta in weeks after a successful offline test.
We are very passionate about applying machine learning technology and have productized everything from classic supervised models, to cutting-edge unsupervised clustering algorithms, to novel applications of transformer neural networks. We test and measure the real customer impact of each model we deploy.
What will I be doing? 


Identify areas where ML can create value for our customers


Contribute to finding the right ML framing of a product problem 


Working with teammates and Product and Design stakeholders


Taking algorithms which work offline, and putting them in a production setting


Deeply understand and modify as needed


Solve hard scalability and optimization problems


Run production ML infrastructure, evolve it over time


Build new data infrastructure to enable exploration


Establish processes for large scale data analyses, model development, validation, and implementation


Work with teammates to measure and iterate on algorithm performance


Partner deeply with the rest of team, and others, to build excellent ML products


What skills might I need? 
These are meant to be indicative, not hard requirements.


Excellent pragmatic engineering skills


Familiar with tools used to write, test, deploy, debug and monitor software


Comfort owning features from inception to outcome.


5 years experience in a production environment, with contributions to the design and architecture of distributed systems.


Were looking for engineers who can confidently put ML-powered features in production.


Strong communication skills, both within engineering teams and across disciplines.


Excellent programming skills


Comfort with ambiguity


BSc in Computer Science, or similar knowledge


Bonus skills  attributes 


Deep knowledge of AWS services


ML Ops experience


Large scale computation experience


Track record shipping ML products


Experience in a research environment


Algorithmic optimisation experience


Advanced education in CS, ML, Math, Stats, or similar


Practical stats knowledge (experiment design, dealing with confounding, etc)


Experience in an applicable ML area. E.g. NLP, Deep learning, Bayesian methods, Reinforcement learning, clustering


Visualization, data skills, SQL, matplotlib, etc.


Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)


Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up


We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen


Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!


Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents


Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it


Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones


If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too 


MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done


We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organisation. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse Intercom! We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 