Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
Become an Engineering Manager on a team at the centre of our automation strategy and our mission to make business personal.
Team-ML are responsible for defining new ML features, researching appropriate algorithms and technologies, and rapidly getting first prototypes in our customers hands. We lead Intercoms AI development. We are an extremely product focussed team. We work in partnership with Product and Design functions of teams we support. Our teams dedicated ML product engineers enable us to move to production fast, often shipping to beta in weeks after a successful offline test.
We are very passionate about applying machine learning technology, and have productized everything from classic supervised models, to cutting-edge unsupervised clustering algorithms, to novel applications of transformer neural networks. We test and measure the real customer impact of each model we deploy.
What will I be doing? 

Identify areas where ML can create value for our customers
Contribute to finding the right ML framing of a product problem
Collaborating with engineering, product, and design leaders to shape team direction and strategy.
Supporting and driving this strategy to clear impact with the help of your team.
Enabling your team to achieve high levels of productivity, performance and reliability.
Teaching, mentoring, coaching and being a role model for engineers and other engineering managers.
Creating a collaborative, inclusive and supportive team culture focused on fast, focused, high impact execution.

What skills might I need? 
These are meant to be indicative, not hard requirements.

An ability to lead Engineering teams that deliver impact quickly.
Experience developing and supporting a team of engineers in their personal growth and career progression.
A track record of partnering with product and design leadership to deliver great outcomes.
Demonstrated impact in a similar technical leadership role.
A growth mindset and eagerness to learn.
The ability to thrive in an ambiguous environment with a high degree of autonomy
Excellent pragmatic engineering skills
Familiar with tools used to write, test, deploy, debug and monitor software
Comfort owning features from inception to outcome.
5 years experience in a production environment, with contributions to the design and architecture of distributed systems.
Strong communication skills, both within engineering teams and across disciplines.
Excellent technical skills
Comfort with ambiguity
BSc in Computer Science, or similar knowledge

Bonus skills  attributes 

Deep knowledge of AWS services
ML Ops experience
Large scale computation experience
Track record shipping ML products
Experience in a research environment
Algorithmic optimisation experience
Advanced education in CS, ML, Math, Stats or similar
Practical stats knowledge (experiment design, dealing with confounding etc)
Experience in an applicable ML area - e.g. NLP, Deep learning, Bayesian methods, Reinforcement learning, clustering
Visualization, data skills, sql, matplotlib etc.

 

Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)


Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up


We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen


Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!


Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents


Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it


Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones


If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too 


MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done


 
LI-Hybrid
Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 