Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
We are looking for a Senior Product Engineer to join the team that enables the datastore technologies that Intercom is built on. This is for you if you are passionate about building and scaling systems such as MySQL and ElasticSearch, and owning how they operate from low level systems engineering to all parts of our Ruby on Rails monolith. 
Our teams mission is to accelerate Intercoms growth and stability through educated and operationally excellent core technology usage. This means that were here to help product engineers build simpler, more performant product - faster. This can be through things like making low level database improvements that enhance everyones experience, building best in class Elasticsearch tooling, or partnering with teams that utilise any of Intercoms core technologies or our build patterns. Previous projects from the team include future-proofing our databases through sharding and building a mechanism to migrate Elasticsearch indexes for scale and profit.
Were building a robust platform where your expertise will be applied to areas such as building a beautiful Messenger, an efficient teammate experience, a secure by default system, all while scaling the platform to billions of users and shipping two hundred new versions of Intercom to production every day.
Delve deeper into our engineering culture at intercom.engineering and explore our engineering values.
What will I be doing? 

Collaborate with world-class domain experts to shape our technical direction and infrastructure as we grow.
Deeply own all aspects of delivery of data storage at Intercom and autonomously executing on high impact projects - including writing application code, automating data migrations, improving observability and low-level tuning of datastores used in production, test and development across Intercom.
Value agility and simplicity, just as you prioritise scalability and uptime. Our continuous deployment approach ensures focus on gradual improvements. Major accomplishments are introduced incrementally, staying under the radar with feature flags.
Contribute to all phases of software development including ideation, prototyping, design and implementation. This role has a mix of both hands-on development as well as strategic work and enablement.
Play an active role in the hiring, mentoring, and career development of other engineers.
Raise the bar for technical standards, performance, reliability, and operational excellence across Intercom.

What skills do I need? 

Excellent pragmatic engineering skills.
5 years experience in a production environment, with contributions to the design and architecture of distributed systems.
Expertise in database technologies, particularly MySQL and Memcached, as well as Linux.
Ideally, youve supported scaling a SaaS product in a previous role and loved the satisfaction that comes with knowing that people around the world are using something youve created.
Significant, demonstrated impact that your work has had on the product andor the teams you worked with.
Proficient with standard software engineering methodologies, e.g. unit testing, object-oriented design, data structures, code reviews, design documentation, and utilising observability tooling.
Understanding of modern web apps and distributed systems, along with an ability to articulate technical challenges and solutions.
Experience as a technical lead for large multi quarter projects and programs including defining the roadmap.
Ability to learn quickly, iterate, unblock yourself, and persist until the right problem is solved.

 
Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done


 Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 