Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
The People Operations, Senior Generalist is a key member of the People Operations team in helping support a great employee experience, guided by deep alignment to our Company values:

Success First: As a People Operations Senior Generalist, your primary focus is to contribute to the success of the organization by ensuring a positive and efficient employee experience. 
Incredibly High Standards: Uphold incredibly high standards in HR practices and processes to maintain excellence in supporting the employee lifecycle, benefits administration, leaves management, employee relations and business partnership.
Open-Mindedness: Embrace open-mindedness in evaluating and improving HR practices, staying open to new ideas and best practices to enhance the overall employee experience.
Impatience: Harness a sense of impatience to drive urgency in improving HR processes and programs, constantly seeking ways to enhance the employee experience.
Resilience: Demonstrate resilience in managing sensitive employee relations matters and navigating challenges in the HR landscape effectively.
Positive and Optimistic: Approach your role with a positive and optimistic attitude, fostering a supportive and engaging work environment for employees. 

What will I be doing? 

Be an operationally focused and commercially minded Senior Generalist, supporting managers and employees on executing matters related to personnel transactions. 
Conduct and support the new hire onboarding and offboarding experiences and programs, looking for ways to enhance and personalize it. 
Partner with the People Ops team to evaluate and improve processes and programs around employee lifecycle and benefits.
Conduct offboarding and exit processes, including managing sensitive exits and preparing separation agreements, always seeking to improve processes that ensure compliance.
Keeping up to date on employment law and current best practices to help better facilitate the employee experience.
Partner closely with People Systems in order to introduce Workday improvements, investigate issues and implement solutions.
Support the US payroll, benefits and leaves programs but with opportunity and scope to lean into our global processes.
Manage and oversee Intercoms global Consultant Management Program in partnership with Procurement and Legal.
Oversee systems quality control and internal audits. Partner with Finance, Legal, Security and Recruiting Operations teams to understand requirements and lead the annual SOC2ISO People team deliverables.
Drive People Operations projects and oversee US People Operations programs ensuring operational efficiencies are in place and a positive employee experience throughout the employee lifecycle.
Develop and produce reports as required leveraging Workday and Ms. Excel.
Support complex onboardings, ranging from Employer of Record hires, conversions, inter-office transfers, executive hires, re-hires, etc.
Other projects as needed.

What skills do I need? 

A minimum of 5 years experience in a Human ResourcesPeople Operations function, preferably in a tech start-up environment.  
Experience handling sensitive employee relations matters.   
Able to combine great peoples intuition, business judgment and discretion in your decision-making. 
Experience providing business partnership and support to a diverse group of managers.  
Demonstrable experience of cross collaboration and partnership with key internal stakeholders such as Legal, Finance, IT etc. 
Successful track record of implementing HR processes, employee resourcing,  performance management and change management. 
Excellent communication skills (written, verbal, presentation, and interpersonal), exemplary client service skills, the ability to handle multiple projects and competing priorities and adapt to a fluid, high-growth environment
Strong knowledge of local HR compliance regulations, employment laws, and industry best practices. 
Team player with a sense of ownership and get things done attitude - self-motivated and able to thrive in a fast-paced and self-directed environment. 
Deep comfort level with technical systems and software, experience with Workday. Experience working in an environment with Workday integrations in place and previous experience with Workday reporting is highly desirable. 
Values and respects confidentiality. 
Excellent attention to detail and organizational skills. 
Bachelor degree or equivalent from an accredited university, highly desired.

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)




















Competitive salary and meaningful equity
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Regular compensation reviews - great work is rewarded!
Open vacation policy and 10 corporate holidays
Paid Parental Leave Program
401k plan  match
In-office bicycle storage
Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!


























 






The base salary range for candidates within the San Francisco Bay Area is 131,700 - 178,300. Actual base pay will depend on a variety of factors such as education, skills, experience, location, etc. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. All regular employees may also be eligible for the corporate bonus program or a sales incentive (target included in OTE) as well as stock in the form of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs).  Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 