Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
The Research, Analytics  Data Science (RAD!) team at Intercom exists to build, enable and share a deep holistic understanding of our customers, their needs, and their behaviours, using research and data science. As a team of data scientists and researchers, our mission is to drive effective  evidence-based decisions through research and data science. We use data — both big and small — to unlock actionable insights about our customers, our products, our sales and marketing efforts, and our business. Our holistic understanding of our customers, their needs and their behaviours is ingrained and used across the whole company to drive tangible improvements for our customers. Team RAD works on the most impactful initiatives that meaningfully move the needle for our products, customers and business. Its your job to own and drive research projects from start to finish and drive impact by combining quant and qual data in compelling ways.
What will I be doing? 
In this role you will:

Play a key part in our Go To Market (GTM) efforts by driving actionable insights about our target audience, our brand effectiveness, and our creative strategy.
Experiment with processes, methodologies and ways of working to provide marketing and sales teams with critical insights as quickly as possible.
Define a good problem  process fit. Never settle for nice to know questions and instead push to learn the critical to know questions.
Be a strategic and trusted partner to leaders and teams across Intercom whilst empowering and challenging our partners to think differently.
Thoughtfully explore new ways to combine quantitative and qualitative methods to drive impact. Be creative about how to recruit the specifics that our customers are looking for.
Conduct research on our ICPs (Ideal Customer Profile) media consumption behaviors and understand where they learn about softwares, what channels are most and least effective, and what messages do and dont resonate.
Run creative testing research for existing and new brand assets.
Run end to end omnichannel brand lift measurement programs, with the ability to manage and synthesize multiple studies in parallel.
Focus on priorities that either drive tangible decisions for the business or help our team and our foundations scale.
Collaborating with Data Science, Sales, Biz Ops, and Marketing to define research problems and work on solutions.
Communicate the meaning and consequence of insights in a succinct and engaging way that ensures all involved are aware of the research approach, objective.

What skills do I need? 
Ideal Candidates Have The Following:

4 years  working as a researcher with experience in marketing measurement and audience insights.
Deep experience with running and managing multiple brand lift studies at once across multiple channels.
Experience driving research by identifying and acting on opportunities to improve how we work.
Expertise in conducting end-to-end user research studies; planning, recruitment, execution, analysis and delivery.
An in-depth understanding of marketing effectiveness measurement, consumer research methodologies, and the key dynamics of the competitive space.
Experience offering ideas or opinions on roadmap planning in order to deliver meaningful impact to customers and the business.
An experts understanding of rigour and methodological validity in research and how to get the most out of a project with tight constraints.
Experience leading by driving debate, calling out inconsistencies and contributing ideas and energy to problems that a team is facing.
The ability to articulate the learnings and consequences of the research insights you provide.
The ability to drive clarity in ambiguous problem spaces, and drive forward a high impact GTM research strategy.
Experience in product research or working closely with product teams is preferred.
A passion for building amazing brands, not just conducting research.

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done

 Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 