Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
Here at Intercom, our own support team is on a mission to set the standard for best-in-class support. Were looking for a proven leader with deep knowledge of support to join our CS Leadership Team and take ownership of three functions: Continuous Improvement (CI), Quality Assurance, and Support Enablement. 
This individual will work closely with the their team, our frontline support team, and the rest of Support Operations to surface insights and make recommendations for improvements in our product, internal procedures, and agent performance  this includes working with CS and RD Leaders to develop multiple continuous improvement flywheels, turning insights from your various teams into tangible improvements that drive core metrics.
What will I be doing? 

Developing a strategy that unifies your orgs work across multiple teams with clear, prescriptive objectives that are focused on improving the customer experience. 
Using insights from your team to influence strategic decision-making as a member of the CS Leadership team. 
Collaborating with our CI Manager to identify continuous improvement opportunities across our product, internal processes, and team performance, and drive improvement programs that use a mix of humans and technology to identify gaps in our product, internal procedures, and team performance.
Leveraging your experience and the expertise of our Enablement team to drive improvements in our New Hire Onboarding and Product Training programs  ensuring that our global frontline team feels prepared and set up for success.

What skills do I need? 

7 years of experience working in high-growth Customer Support teams as a people manager (SaaSSoftware experience highly preferred)
5 years directly managing complex, cross-functional programs with operational best practices
Experience managing or working directly with quality assurance and enablement teams  deep awareness of QALD best practices
Exceptional communicator with the ability to tell stories with data
Highly motivated with an entrepreneurial mindset and a dynamic approach to problem-solving

 
Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Pension scheme  match up to 4
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too 
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done
Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 