Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
Our company website is the centerpiece of our brand, the public source of truth about Intercoms products, and the number one driver of leads for our demand generation team. Intercom.com sits at the intersection of awareness, product marketing, demand, and support. 
Intercoms web team is looking for engineers who can help us evolve our website experiences to fully utilize modern web technologies to deliver great experiences for our visitors while meeting our marketing goals at speed and scale. The focus of this position is to collaborate directly with a wide variety of business stakeholders to outline objectives and guide the best use and implementation of web capabilities to showcase our portfolio, drive engagement, and capture leads. This position is a full-stack engineering role within a diverse global team responsible for our web platforms ongoing optimization and maintenance. Candidates with experience implementing code and applications supporting web marketing best practices will do well in this position. Examples include SEO, user experience, content management, personalization, AB testing, privacy and accessibility compliance, mobile design, localization, analytics, site performance, staging, and quality governance. This role reports directly to the Sr. Engineering Manager, Web, and collaborates directly within a team of full-time and agency resources across front-end and back-end systems. 
What will I be doing? 

Driving and executing new website capabilities and experience projects that contribute to engagement, leads, and sales conversion 
Work in a cross-functional team with design, product, and engineering teams
Collaborate with strategic partners across brand, marketing ops, product marketing, and demand
Translate stakeholder and company goals into engineering programs and execution plans
Involved in the full software lifecycle across the entire stack, by contributing in design meetings, providing feedback, collaborating with other engineers to execute and deploying projects in production.
Directly accountable for critical front-end and back-end systems health and capabilities
Part of a collaborative, inclusive, and supportive team culture focused on fast, focused, high-impact execution

What skills do I need? 

5 years working with Javascript, HTMLCSS, and modern web frameworks and server-side rendering (preferably React and Next.js)
Experience in building navigation elements and scrolling experiences
Great understanding of UIUX 
Experience building multi-platform (Mobile, Web), cross-browser components that adapt to different screen sizes
Passion for engineering excellence, clean coding, and SOLID principles
Ability to assess performance through metrics, and suggest improvements
Have expertise integrating, developing, or scaling usage of solutions like Contentful (CMS), Marketo (Marketing Automation), Mutiny (Personalization), Optimizely (AB Testing), Google Tag Manager (Tags), and Google Analytics (Reporting)
Proven track record of improving site performance (Google CWV), technical SEO structures and site indexation, UIUX, deployment workflows (parallel projectsmultiple users), and staging sites (mirror productionQA)

Working at Intercom 
Our culture is open, friendly, and inclusive - and this is something we are proud of. We like to experiment, sometimes inventing things for the first time, but we stay pragmatic, starting small and simple in everything we do. We want to help people grow and do the best work of their careers and we want everybody to work with co-workers who value kindness, optimism, and positivity.
We love people who genuinely want to learn and grow, and we take bets on high-potential people on rapid trajectories. Were opinionated by default, for example, we run less software and ship continuously. Were technically conservative and like to keep it simple, but where it means building better products well double down on new technology like machine learning in a pragmatic way.
Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Pension scheme  match up to 4
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too 
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done

 Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 