Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
As a Small Business Account Executive, you will be a key member of the team leading the growth of our new business. Were building a world-class sales organization, and the road ahead is going to be very exciting. 
At Intercom, we are striving to do sales differently. We are asking our customers to put Intercom at the core of their businesses, and we can only do this by putting them at the core of ours. We strongly believe in the overall growth and continued development of each new hire. In joining the Account Executive team at Intercom, you join a community that believes in development and promotion from within. As a rapidly expanding business, there is a high degree of opportunity for progression, creativity, and ownership.
What will I be doing? 

Evangelize our product by spearheading the growth and adoption of Intercom across our Small Business segment
Manage the full sales cycle for Intercoms Small Business customers, from prospecting to close, through a consultative sales approach
Provide timely and accurate forecasts and clear visibility on revenue performance
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of our product and processes
Create your own demonstrations, tailored to client needs
Engage in team development and mentoring
Represent the voice of the customer to cross-functional partners, including Marketing and Product
Contribute to the overall growth of the global Enterprise business, pioneering new best practices and driving projects to up level the team

What skills do I need? 

2 years experience in closing role 
1 years selling SaaS products
Experience in outbound prospecting
Strong sales instincts and track record hitting and exceeding quota
Exceptional written and verbal communicator
Comfortable and energized operating and problem-solving in a fast-moving organization, working inbound and outbound opportunities across a range of industries and company sizes
Ability to close net new business in a competitive environment
Exhibits a growth mindset, intellectual curiosity, and ambition

 
Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Pension scheme  match up to 4
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too 
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done
Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 