Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
At Intercom the monetisation platform group is responsible for fair, transparent pricing and an exceptional purchase and billing experience for our customers. In 2024 we will take on a company level objective to help Intercom reinvent how our customers purchase, use and pay for Intercom. To achieve this, we will execute a number of initiatives with work required across RD, Growth, Sales and Marketing. 
We need a staff or principal level TPM that can shape, structure and drive a program of work that helps us complete the technical projects well need to get done to hit our goals. 
The ideal candidate has hands-on working on complex software engineering projects or programs, is very comfortable translating high level objectives into concrete projects and in driving execution of those projects. 
This role sits inside growth engineering organization - part of Intercom RD, reporting to the VP Engineering for Growth RD. 
What will I be doing? 

Working with team and group leadership to clarify, understand and shape initiatives. 
Partnering with product, design and engineering to break these initiatives into projects. 
Ensuring projects have clear, impactful purposes, goals and milestones. 
Ensuring visibility, shared understanding and alignment across partner teams. 
Driving fast, high quality execution. 

What skills do I need? 
You need to have a technical background and hands-on experience delivering technical projects of all shapes and sizes from start to finish.
You will also need:

A hunger for problem solving and a passion for all things technology
Great communication skills, both verbal and written. 
Strong ability to influence without authority. 
Deeply technical with a strong ability to get into the details. 
Ability to dive deep technically and collaborate with engineering, PM and design. 
An eye for continual improvement, and passion for efficiency and operational excellence.
A track record of getting a lot done.

How will I be supported? 

Youll report directly to the VP Engineering. 
You will partner with group level product, design and engineering leaders. 
You will work closely with the TPM network within Intercom RD. 

Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Pension scheme  match up to 4
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too 
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done
Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 