Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
The role will lead a team of Relationship Managers primarily responsible for growing revenue across existing customers in the APAC region. This person will be responsible for strategy, planning, building, and running a highly performing team as we deepen our relationship with our fast growing customer base.
We are looking for a highly effective leader that excels at attracting and developing talent, inspiring others, and working across functions to build efficient and customer-centric processes. We want our leaders to help us evolve our business, building our capabilities as we continue to grow and scale.
You will lead a team responsible for our SMB, Mid-Market and Enterprise accounts across APAC with responsibility for engaging, managing, supporting and growing this business. Working closely with our Customer Success, Engineering, Product, On Boarding, Support and Sales Teams you will ensure our customers are achieving their objectives using the Intercom Platform. 
What will I be doing? 
You will build and be responsible for recruiting, coaching and developing a diverse team of Relationship Managers.

Drive success through planning, execution, coaching, and process improvement 
Own and understand your book of business - driving expansion through cross sell and upsell whilst managing retention 
Engage closely with the Customer Success and Onboarding team to ensure Customer Activation and Onboarding
Deepen Customer Relationships through Account Planning and Executive Sponsorship 
Develop and own Customer Engagement Programs 
Establish and grow cross functional relationships with key Intercom stakeholders to drive revenue growth. 
Weekly and Quarterly Forecasting to predict revenue growth, upsell opportunities, churn risks.
Build data driven outreach programs based on customer behavior and white space opportunities 
Build a diverse, open-minded and accountable team committed to continuous improvement and alignment with our core company and team values.
Setting standards of excellence and Inspiring the team to do their best work, continue growing, and execute at a high level.
Contribute to and translate company strategy into actionable, measurable team and individual goals. 
Work with Global Team to define and improve our Customer Engagement Strategy 
Collaborate frequently with other company leaders to bring best in class products and processes to our clients.
Provide frequent insights and constructive feedback to Senior Leadership to shape future direction of the company. 

What skills do I need? 

3 years experience managing a team of quota carrying, client-facing sales or account management professionals
Previous experience in an Account Management function, interfacing with existing clients as an Individual Contributor or Manager
Previous experience in a PLG sales environment with a proven ability to quickly identify customer needs and ensure frictionless cross sell, up-sell, and renewal motions in a scalable fashion
Proven experienceand passion forteaching and developing talent
Experience developing GTM strategy, building and executing operational plans 
Successful track record of designing, implementing, and validating processes and programs
A builder of businesses, with the ability to attract and develop the best talent in the industry 
Excellent communication skills across a variety of mediums (written, verbal, presentation, and interpersonal)
Exemplary sales fundamentals, understanding of different sales frameworks and tools
Adaptive, with the ability to balance short term and long term priorities 

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
Catered lunch every weekday, plus a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Healthcare stipend towards private health insurance for you and your partnerspouse
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done

 Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 