Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
The Go To Market Systems organization is responsible for the selection, architecture, governance and administration of all 3rd Party SaaS applications and data sets that power our Go To Market teams (Sales, Marketing, Finance, Legal, Growth and Customer Support).
Were looking to hire an experienced Senior Q2C Business Systems Analyst to join our GTM Business Systems team.  In this role, you will be responsible for clarifyingeliciting and analyzing complex business requirements, processes and systems within Salesforce, as well as, documenting and communicating out your sound recommendations for improvements. By nature, youre a problem solver and excited to troubleshoot issues that impair our salessupport processes. You should have the ability to uncover deficiencies in our systems, escalate them properly, and devise long-term solutions.
We have a modern GTM Business Systems tech stack that includes: Marketo, Outreach, Intercom, Salesforce, Salesforce CPQ, Zorua, and Stripe
We currently operate in a hybrid working model and have offices in San Francisco, Chicago, Dublin, London and Sydney.  While wed love to see you at the office, this job is also available for remote employment if your place of permanent residence in the following states; California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington.
What will I be doing? 

Analyze complex business processes and systems within Salesforce and identify areas for improvement
Independently review requests through effectively clarifyingeliciting requirements and troubleshoot issues to understand technical deficiencies of the product, define root causes, and implement proactive resolution design
Proactively liaise between Sales, Sales Operations, Salesforce AdminsEngineers, QA Lead, Biz Systems PMO and Finance members to identify deficiencies, deliver innovative solutions and facilitate UAT
Create well thought-out user stories based on agreed upon requirements and provide high quality acceptance criteria.
Develop a deep knowledge of various platforms to help document and improve Intercoms process
Through a strong understanding of business requirements, prioritize and drive business systems projects to completion working with stakeholders in various departments
Communicate project status, issues, and risks to stakeholders
Develop and maintain documentation related to Salesforce systems and processes
Participate in the development and implementation of Salesforce best practices, policies, and procedures
Stay up-to-date with the latest Salesforce releases and features, and evaluate their potential impact on the organization

What skills do I need? 

Ownership: shows strong ownership by leading and managing projects, making strategic decisions, and guiding the team toward achieving project goals.
Soft Skills: excels in interpersonal and leadership skills, building rapport with stakeholders, guiding and mentoring others, and navigating complex team dynamics with confidence.
Autonomy: demonstrates a high level of autonomy, handling complex initiatives and projects with minimal oversight, and often providing mentorship and guidance to junior team members.
Business Process Understanding: excels in analyzing complex business processes, identifying inefficiencies, and proposing advanced process improvements, often leading process redesign projects.
Technical Acumen: possessing a deep understanding of technology, system architectures, and data flows, often guiding technical teams in complex implementations.
Requirement Elicitation and Documentation: excels in advanced requirement elicitation and documentation, leading the process for complex projects, and providing guidance to others on best practices in requirement gathering and management.
At least 5 years of experience in Salesforce Business Systems Analysis
Experience with Agile methodologies
Salesforce certifications such as Certified Salesforce Business Analyst, Certified Salesforce Administrator, Certified Salesforce Sales Cloud Consultant andor Certified Salesforce CPQ Specialist are a plus
Experience with 3rd party integration tools such as Marketo, Outreach, DocuSign, Zoura, Stripe, Conga Composer, Intercom and other sales tools  tech stack
Fascinated by the way things work and love to learn
Want to work in a fast, high growth startup environment

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and meaningful equity
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Regular compensation reviews - great work is rewarded!
Open vacation policy and 10 corporate holidays
Paid Parental Leave Program
401k plan  match
In-office bicycle storage
Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!

Proof of eligibility to work in the United States is required.
The base salary range for candidates within the San Francisco Bay Area is 144,800 - 196,000 USD. Actual base pay will depend on a variety of factors such as education, skills, experience, location, etc. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. All regular employees may also be eligible for the corporate bonus program or a sales incentive (target included in OTE) as well as stock in the form of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs).
 Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 