Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
We are looking for Senior engineers to join our core Frontend Tech team, which enables the core technologies that Intercom is built on, in our Infrastructure Group.  
This is for you if you are passionate about frontend tooling and supercharging product teams to ship and learn fast. For example, the team youll be joining is currently focused on speeding up local build times for our Ember apps, as well as rolling out Typescript across the org. 
Were a growing team charged with evolving how Intercom builds UI and enabling our product development teams to ship high-quality software quickly. Our main application is a large Ember app which has evolved with the framework over time, and we also have React and NextJS applications.
We support the company in building a robust platform, a beautiful Messenger, an efficient teammate experience, a secure by default system, all while scaling the platform to billions of users.
Learn more about our engineering culture at intercom.engineering.
What will I be doing? 
As an experienced engineer you will:

Contribute to our technical strategy and architecture as we grow. We scale to service requests from all our customers customers. Were growing and so are they.
Building new tools and services that make it fast, safe and easy for other Intercom engineers to leverage our web frameworks.
Contribute to all phases of software development including ideation, prototyping, design and implementation. This role has a mix of both hands-on development as well as leadarchitecture work and enablement.
Collaborating with other world-class domain experts.
Play an active role in hiring, mentoring, and career development of other engineers.
Engaging with open source communities.
Raise the bar for technical standards, performance, reliability, and operational excellence.

What skills do I need? 

Deep knowledge of Web UI technologies (JS, CSS, HTML) and Node.js.
Experience using JavaScript frameworks (Ember, React, Vue, etc) to build complex UIs.
Ideally, youve built, or supported building, a SaaS product in a previous role and loved the satisfaction that comes with knowing that people around the world are using something youve created.
Significant, demonstrated impact that your work has had on the product andor the teams you worked with.
Proficient with standard software engineering methodologies, e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation.

 
Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done


 Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 