Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
Our website is the centerpiece of our brand, the public source of truth about Intercoms products, and the number one driver of leads for our demand generation team. Intercom.com sits at the intersection of awareness, product marketing, demand, and support. 
Intercoms web team is looking for a Staff Engineer who will lead the evolution of our website experience, to fully utilize modern web technologies to deliver great experiences for our visitors while meeting our marketing goals at speed and scale. The focus of this position is to collaborate directly with a wide variety of business stakeholders to outline objectives and guide the best use and implementation of web capabilities to showcase our portfolio, drive engagement, and capture leads.
 
What will I be doing? 


Youll be given full ownership to drive and execute new website capabilities and experiences


Work closely with a visual designer to implement Figma design to a high degree of precision and optimise front end performance


Work in a cross-functional team with design, product, and engineering teams


Collaborate with strategic partners across brand, marketing ops, product marketing, and demand


Translate stakeholder and company goals into engineering programs and execution plans


Involved in the full software lifecycle across the entire stack, by contributing in design meetings, providing feedback, collaborating with other engineers to execute and deploying projects in production


Directly accountable for influencing our front-end systems design


Part of a collaborative, inclusive, and supportive team culture focused on fast, focused, high-impact execution.


 
What skills do I need? 


Minimum of 8 years of experience leading and building teams as a lead UI engineer or Creative Developer


Demonstrated ability to lead Figma designs with precision


Strong strategic thinking skills with a hands-on approach


Excellent collaboration abilities with principal engineering teams and peer staff engineers


Demonstrated ability in working closely with Engineering Managers (EM) and Product Managers (PM) to prioritize and staff engineering investments


Strong opinions on the right tooling but maintains a pragmatic and open-minded approach


Proficient in driving multiple strategic projects simultaneously.


 
Youll be the best Web Engineer on the team:


Very detail oriented, can replicate Figma designs with precision


Can produce at high standards much faster than typical elsewhere


Specializing in the finer details of modern web techniques:


Pushing the boundaries of what we can do, surfing the bleeding edge


Outputs flawlessly to any browser, any viewport, any platform


Coming up with your own design ideas, showing off whats possible:


Designing with code by prototyping interactive visuals and design details


Technical Requirements:


Extensive experience working on front end tech such as JavaScript, HTMLCSS, and modern web frameworks, preferably React and Next.js.


Strong understanding of UIUX principles.


Passion for engineering excellence, clean coding practices, and adherence to SOLID principles.


Proficiency in assessing performance through metrics and providing suggestions for improvements.


Working at Intercom 
Our culture is open, friendly, and inclusive - and this is something we are proud of. We like to experiment, sometimes inventing things for the first time, but we stay pragmatic, starting small and simple in everything we do. We want to help people grow and do the best work of their careers and we want everybody to work with co-workers who value kindness, optimism, and positivity.
We love people who genuinely want to learn and grow, and we take bets on high-potential people on rapid trajectories. Were opinionated by default, for example, we run less software and ship continuously. Were technically conservative and like to keep it simple, but where it means building better products well double down on new technology like machine learning in a pragmatic way.
Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)


Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up


We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen


Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!


Pension scheme  match up to 4


Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents


Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it


Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones


If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too 


MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done


Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 