Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
As a Sales Development Representative, your role is to lay the foundation for Intercom Sales by engaging with prospects and customers to help them understand the value of Intercom, and moving them forward in the sales process. As Intercoms first point of contact youll play a monumental role in showcasing the Intercom brand! This is done by creating an impactful first impression and building momentum for not only the sales team, but the company as a whole. Were creating a world-class sales organization, and are so excited you are interested in being an integral part of that!
We strongly believe in the overall growth and continued development of each new hire. When joining the Sales Development team at Intercom, you join a community that believes in your future as a power-house closer! Were looking for folks dedicated to their development, excited to work in a fast moving environment, and strive to be better than they were yesterday. 
What will I be doing? 

Engaging with potential and current customers to assess mutual fit
Via Intercom Inbox, phone, email  Linkedin
Multi-tasking fast paced conversations while maintaining an engaging and positive experience for Intercoms potential customers
Working closely with Account Executives to build pipeline and drive deals
Maintaining an up-to-date knowledge of our product and the value we can provide our customers
Working with cross-functional partners to continuously better our workflows
Engaging in team development and mentoring

What skills do I need? 

Excellent written and verbal communication
Exceptional listening skills  the ability to take quick action on what youve learned
Strong organization and time management
Intellectual curiosity and problem solving
Collaborative and coachable
Highly motivated and self-driven

Bonus skills  attributes 

Bachelors Degree preferred
0-3 years of work experience (Sales and SaaS experience is a )
Familiarity with these systems and tools - SFDC, Outreach, Chilipiper, Linkedin Sales Navigator, Gong, Vidu, Google Suite

 
Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :) 

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
Catered lunch every weekday, plus a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Healthcare stipend towards private health insurance for you and your partnerspouse
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done 

We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organisation. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse Intercom! We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 