Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
Youll have an exciting opportunity to influence the trajectory of Intercoms overall business, partner with our senior Go-To-Market (GTM) and Sales Operations leaders, and take on an operating role with an exciting and fast growing company that aims to fundamentally change the way companies interact with their customers.
In GTM Operations  Strategy, you will be responsible for standardising operational cadences and identifying strategic opportunities across Sales Engineering, Sales, Customer Success, and Partnerships. You will act as a key contributor and advisor to leaders in each of those functions as we continue driving sustainable growth and scaled GTM efficiency.
Were looking for a proactive, independent thinker, with sound business acumen and excellent communication and collaboration skills. You are able to work in a structured manner to thrive in ambiguity and are not afraid to roll up your sleeves to dive into business challenges and create solutions to problems that have never been tackled before.
This is a new position and you will be responsible for building processes while implementing best practices across the organization and seeking opportunities to further automate.
What will I be doing? 

Data Analysis: Identify trends and business opportunities through repeatable data collection and analysis processes. Deliver proactive, executive-ready, data packs with actionable insights and utilize best-practice data visualization techniques
Performance Metrics: For each GTM function (Sales Engineering, Customer Success, Partnerships), develop required dashboardsreports to track against KPIs. Recommend additional or new KPIsOKRs based on required areas of improvement
Partnering: Become a trusted business partner to our GTM Teams and Leaders through delivered value
Customer Lifecycle: Develop data supported recommendations on customer experience and retention improvement opportunities throughout customer lifecycle, from presale to renewal
Project Management: Collaborate with cross-functional teams to drive a variety of projects needed to align, optimize, and execute on optimization or strategic initiatives

What skills do I need? 

3 years experience in an OperationsStrategy role (RevOps, BizOps, Sales Ops, Customer Success Ops, Partner Ops, Finance  Strategy, Sales Strategy, etc.) in a SaaS environment
Highly experienced with Salesforce, Snowflake, and Tableau reporting as well as standard Microsoft OfficeGoogle Workspace competence (SQL a plus)
Strong structured problem solving skills along with ability to demonstrate practical judgment in resolving issues or making recommendations
Exceptionally strong communication skills, including experience effectively communicating with senior management
Willing and ability to work with a high degree of autonomy in a highly demanding and results-oriented team environment

Bonus skills  attributes 

Direct experience supporting Customer Success andor Sales  Solution Engineering, including familiarity with metrics and methodologies
Experience implementing and using a PRM solution
Project Management Certification

Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Pension scheme  match up to 4
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
If youre cycling, weve got you covered on the Cycle-to-Work Scheme. With secure bike storage too 
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done
Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 