Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
The Manager, Account Executives will be responsible for the growth of our Account Executive teams in our Sydney office that cover SMB and Mid-Market customer segments, driving our focus on acquiring customers of increasing complexity and sophistication. This includes everything from developing our enablement plans to leading outbound deal execution strategy to help prioritize internal sales operations process and systems priorities.
What will I be doing? 

Hiring and developing SMB and Mid-Market Account Executives in the Sydney office covering the APAC markets
Developing and implementing best practices to maximize pipeline creation, customer conversion rates, forecasting accuracy, and cross-functional collaboration
Serving as leadership sponsor to clients and help drive key executive relationships
Establishing operational excellence as it pertains to deal forecasting and CRM hygiene
Testing different go-to-market approaches to winning customers in a repeatable and consistent manner
Creating and fostering a world-class developmental sales culture

What skills do I need? 

3 years experience leading high performing, engaged, quota-carrying teams in SaaS environment
Ability to thrive within a high-growth, agile and fast-paced SaaS sales environment
Strong sales acumen, experience within a variety of sales and coaching methodologies and a growth mindset
Team player with a strong sense of ownership and get things done attitude
Successful track record of designing, implementing, and validating processes and policies
The ability to handle multiple projects and competing priorities (ability to make trade-offs effectively) and adapt rapidly to a fluid, high-growth environment

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
Catered lunch every weekday, plus a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work!
Flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Healthcare stipend towards private health insurance for you and your partnerspouse
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done
Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 