Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
The Customer Support team is responsible for onboarding, educating, and supporting our customers on a global level. We start work the moment a customer decides they want to use Intercom, sticking with them every step of the way to ensure they get the most value from our product. 
This opportunity is for folks who truly love supporting customers and see themselves in a customer facing role long term. This is not a springboard into other areas or jobs at Intercom. This is a great role for those who are looking to be part of our support team for a while and who are excited about supporting Intercoms growth with personal experiences.
This position will be hybrid with the expectation to work from the office 1-3 days a week and work from home the remaining days of the week. You are welcome to work from the office full-time if that is preferred. Hours for our evening role will be 12:15-9pm Mon-Fri.
What will I be doing? 

Communicating efficiently and effectively with our customers - we use our own product to do most of our support, but youll also be talking to customers on the phone every now and then
Owning customer communications and issues from initial contact until resolution
Becoming an encyclopedia of knowledge about how Intercom works and what it is capable of
Being the one responsible, along with the Support team, to ensure that all customers have a great experience with the product - a crucial part of the role is ensuring we make the product as easy to use, reliable, bug-free, and fast as possible
Working directly with product teams to identify current issues and, synthesizing the diverse feedback you hear from our customers, offer informed opinions on potential solutions

What your first 6 months will look like:
30 days - Onboarding to Intercom and Customer Support: Youll learn what it means to be an Intercomrade and the ins  outs of our product. You will learn the fundamentals to set you up for success and be talking to our customers alongside a dedicated mentor.
90 days - Helping customers  crushing KPIs: At this point youll be fully ready to jump in helping customers and tracking your performance based on our ambitious yet achievable Key Performance Indicators.
6 months - Broadening your impact on the team and your personal development: While supporting customers, you will also have the opportunity to get involved with CS teams and additional projects like social media support, bots  automation, quality assurance, internal support, and more! 
What skills do I need? 
Remember that theres no such thing as the perfect candidate or background, which is what makes us unique and successful! Imposter syndrome is common, but wed love to hear from you. So please dont hesitate to apply, even if you dont tick every box on this page!

Passion for talking to customers, paired with a genuine interest in technology
A strong drive to contribute to business and support operation improvements
Excellent communication and writing skills, alongside great problem solving abilities
Excitement for a support environment that is constantly experimenting with workflows and automation to drive efficiency
The ability to rapidly switch gears while retaining focus on the bigger picture
The ability to explain complex topics in easy to understand and concise language [English]
Ambition, eagerness and the will to learn and improve upon your own skills

Bonus skills  attributes 

Previous experience in a troubleshooting environment
Basic understanding of web technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, APIs)
An understanding of internet culture

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and meaningful equity
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Regular compensation reviews - great work is rewarded!
Open vacation policy and 10 corporate holidays
Paid Parental Leave Program
401k plan  match
In-office bicycle storage
Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!

Proof of eligibility to work in the United States is required.Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 