Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
Intercom is the next generation customer service platform, built for an AI-first world. We are the only platform that combines an AI Bot  AI Help Desk  Proactive Support tools into one seamless platform. The role were looking to fill is a career defining opportunity for someone passionate about product management and wants to lead a world-class team of engineers, designers, and researchers in our Proactive Support Group, Dublin. The successful candidate will join the group responsible for innovating and differentiating in our support content offering, utilising AI to help customers create and manage content at scale. This is an ambitious and highly rewarding space for candidates looking to drive impact in emerging tech. 
What will I be doing? 

Youll deliver product that reflects a uniquely Intercom perspective on how to achieve it
Youll manage the roadmap: capture work from a wide range of inputs, understand and prioritise this work so your team is always working on the most impactful projects
Youll deeply know the problems that youre tackling through research and regular interaction with customers; define and frame those problems for the team
Youll collaborate with your team in thinking big, to imagining future solutions that solve these problems
Youll scope these solutions to their smallest coherent state to ship to customers as early as you can
Youll constantly evaluate if your solutions have solved the problem through quantitative and qualitative measures, both in betas and after full release.
Youll own and maintain the quality of the product areas your team are responsible for; deliver world-class software in every release.
Youll motivate a group of committed, smart people to do the best work of their careers

What skills do I need? 

5 years experience as a product manager, with a proven track record of shipping impactful product.
Demonstrable experience of leading a team
Ideally you have have a strong design background, as its essential youre able to think deeply about product design decisions and have an understanding of how to create simple user interfaces.
You can clearly communicate product decisions and the rationale behind them. Youre comfortable making decisions without consensus. You can help others make decisions by being persuasive.
You have deep experience working with both qualitative customer insights, and quantitative customer data to inform decisions. Youve conducted user research, ab tests and have worked closely with design researchers and analysts.
Youre entrepreneurial; you dont need direction; youre self driven.
Youre organised, not ad hoc.
Youre able to easily switch between thinking creatively and analytically.

Benefits 
We are a well treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and equity in a fast-growing start-up
We serve lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Regular compensation reviews - we reward great work
Peace of mind with life assurance, as well as comprehensive health and dental insurance for you and your dependents
Open vacation policy and flexible holidays so you can take time off when you need it
Paid maternity leave, as well as 6 weeks paternity leave for fathers, to let you spend valuable time with your loved ones
MacBooks are our standard, but were happy to get you whatever equipment helps you get your job done

We are a diverse bunch of people and we want to continue to attract and retain a diverse range of people into our organisation. Were committed to an inclusive and diverse Intercom! We do not discriminate based on gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, civil or family status, age, disability, or race.
LI-HybridIntercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 