Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
As a Small Business Relationship Manager, you will be a key member of the team leading the growth of our existing business. Were building a world-class sales organization, and the road ahead is going to be very exciting. 
At Intercom, we are striving to do sales differently. We are asking our customers to put Intercom at the core of their businesses, and we can only do this by putting them at the core of ours. We strongly believe in the overall growth and continued development of each new hire. In joining the Relationship Management team at Intercom, you join a community that believes in development and promotion from within. As a rapidly expanding business, there is a high degree of opportunity for progression, creativity, and ownership. 
What will I be doing? 

Build relationships with Intercoms small business customers ensuring revenue growth and customer retention
Work with current customers to understand their business pains, and provide solutions based on our platform to alleviate them
Develop strategic territory plans outlining opportunities for upsell, cross-sell, expansion to new business units, and achieve business goals
Develop advanced knowledge of your customers businesses and goals while accurately forecasting sales pipeline
Collaborate with Marketing, Product, and Customer Success by providing customer feedback to drive product innovation
Track and report all key metrics related to customer growth, retention and Intercom product usage growth
Engage in team development and mentoring

What skills do I need? 

2 years in a sales development or lead generation role 
Strong sales instincts and track record hitting and exceeding quota
Exceptional written and verbal communicator 
Comfortable and energized operating and problem-solving in a fast-moving organization. 
Exhibits a growth mindset, intellectual curiosity, and ambition
Ability to build and maintain deep client relationships across levels in complex organizations
Demonstrable history of leadership, with both immediate and cross-functional teammates

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and meaningful equity
Catered lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Regular compensation reviews - great work is rewarded!
Open vacation policy and 10 corporate holidays
Paid Parental Leave Program
401k plan
In-office bicycle storage
Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!

 We currently operate in a hybrid working model and have offices in San Francisco, Chicago, Dublin, London and Sydney.  Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 