Intercom is an AI powered, automation-first customer service platform that lets businesses deliver fast support, keeping customers satisfied, costs low, and service teams happy.
It is the only complete customer service solution that provides a seamless customer experience across automation and human support. Customer service teams from more than 25,000 global organizations, including Atlassian, Amazon and Microsoft, use Intercom to send over 600 million messages per month and enable interactions with over 800 million monthly active end users. The company was founded in 2011 and is backed by leading venture capitalist including Bessemer Venture Partners, Kleiner Perkins and Social Capital. Whats the opportunity? 
The Analytics Engineering team provides all parts of Intercoms business with the right set of accurate and up-to-date data tables that form the basis of all of our most important operational and strategic data-driven decisions.
The team uses their deep knowledge of how GTM and Product teams work to anticipate their data needs. They use their deep technical expertise to design the right data models and reliably turn these models into high-quality core data assets in our data warehouse. The team are experts at driving data model efficiencies and solving data quality issues at their root cause.
This team is the glue between all of our Analyst teams and our Data Infrastructure teams. They speak everyones language and make everything go faster.
Were looking to hire an experienced Lead  Manager to grow this vital function within Intercom.
What will I be doing? 

Partnering with the data infrastructure engineering team to understand and help evolve and maintain our data warehouse and the ETLs that feed it.
Build a best in class data platform to drive critical business decisions
Partnering with all of our internal analyst teams to understand the questions they are trying to answer and help them arrive at the right answers.
Work with your team to continuously think ahead of your key stakeholders and design the data assets for the future.
Hiring and managing your team, building a team that youre proud and excited to be a part of.
Creating a collaborative, inclusive and supportive team culture focused on fast, focused, high impact execution.
Be a core member of the higher level Business Systems Leadership team, being a key contributor to the orgs business, technical and cultural strategy.

What skills do I need? 

Experience developing and supporting 4-6 engineers and analysts in their personal growth and career progression.
You exhibit great judgement and sharp business and product instincts that allow you to differentiate essential versus nice-to-have and to make good choices about trade-offs.
Youre familiar with the modern data stack. dbt and Snowflake experience are a big plus.
An ability to lead teams that deliver impact quickly. 
The ability to thrive in an ambiguous environment with a high degree of autonomy.
You practise excellent communication skills, and you tailor explanations of technical concepts to a variety of audiences.

Bonus skills  attributes 

Work in Tableau, Looker, or similar visualisationbusiness intelligence platform
Experience with operational tools and business systems such as Salesforce, Zuora, Google Analytics, Marketo, or Segment.
Exposure to Apache Airflow or other DAG frameworks — we use Airflow to orchestrate and schedule all of our data workflows and transformations.
Familiarity with Python.

Benefits 
We are a well-treated bunch, with awesome benefits! If theres something important to you thats not on this list, talk to us! :)

Competitive salary and meaningful equity
Catered lunch every weekday, plus a variety of snack foods and a fully stocked kitchen
Fully funded comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Open vacation policy and 10 corporate holidays
Paid Parental Leave Program
Commuter benefits  401k plan
In-office bicycle storage
Fun events for Intercomrades, friends, and family!

The base salary range for candidates within the San Francisco Bay Area is 214,200 - 289,800. Actual base pay will depend on a variety of factors such as education, skills, experience, location, etc. The base pay range is subject to change and may be modified in the future. All regular employees may also be eligible for the corporate bonus program or a sales incentive (target included in OTE) as well as stock in the form of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs). 
 Intercom values diversity and is committed to a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity. Intercom will not discriminate against an applicant or employee on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, gender, age, physical or mental disability, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state, or local law. Intercom is currently able to hire if an employee has a permanent residence in the following locations; Australia, Ireland, England and applicable US states. (California, Colorado, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts, New York, North Carolina, Texas, and Washington).
Is this role not quite what youre looking for? Join our Talent Community to stay connected with us. 