Iterable is the most powerful customer communication platform that enables brands like Doordash, Calm, Fender and Zoopla to deliver joyful experiences with harmonized, individualized and dynamic communications at scale. Iterables data engine, ease of use, and flexible and open architecture makes it the best platform to close the data activation gap by bringing together customer data, ability to design the experiences, deliver them and optimize them. All in one platform. Weve surpassed 100M in ARR and have raised more than 340M from top-tier investors like Index Ventures, Viking, and CRV, and hundreds of companies like Priceline, Dotdash meredith, and Care.com rely on us to captivate their many millions of users. Over 1,100 brands and businesses around the world leverage Iterable to activate their customers with joy.
Iterable helps brands unlock growth in the digital era by enabling joyful customer experiences with individualized communications based real-time behavioral data, harmonized cross-channel communications based on customer lifecycle, and dynamic always-on journeys that adapt to customer signals. Our powerful customer communication platform helps marketers manage end-to-end customer engagement programs with enterprise grade security, compliance and controls for their customers.
Iterables momentum grows daily and there has never been a more exciting time to join the team! Weve been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work - SF for the past five years, recognized as one of Incs Best Workplaces and Fastest Growing Companies, and we were recognized on Forbes list of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2022. Notably, Iterable has also been listed on Wealthfronts Career Launching Companies List and have held a top 10 ranking on the Top 25 Companies Where Women Want to Work.
We have a global presence with offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, and London, and recently expanded our operations to Australia and New Zealand. Iterables reach extends worldwide, and we have remote employees across the globe. As we scale, we continue to live by our core four, founding values - Trust, Growth Mindset, Balance, and Humility. To understand the Iterable story, and learn more about our mission, explore our Culture and About Us page.This role is DENVER, COLORADO based only
How you will make an impact:
As a Business Development Representative, Outbound at Iterable, we are looking for enthusiastic sales professionals with an entrepreneurial mindset to develop their territory through thoughtful, multi-channel outreach. The ideal candidate understands that the BDR, Outbound role at Iterable is the foundation of a successful career in tech sales, and advancement in our organization comes by demonstrating the ability to be tenacious, creative, and thoughtful sales professionals every day. Iterable and the sales organization will look to the BDR, Outbound team to generate strategic opportunities needed to take Iterable to the next level.
We strongly believe in the growth and development of each new hire, and theres a lot of opportunity for internal progression. Were looking to expand our rapidly growing organization with teammates who are intellectually curious and strong advocates for their customers, all while keeping our company values of Humility, Trust, Growth Mindset, and Balance top of mind. This role will be reporting to the Manager of Sales Development. 
One of our core values is a growth mindset and Iterable is a company where everyone can grow. If this is a role that excites you, please do apply as we value applicants for the skills they bring beyond a job description.
How you will make a difference: 

Prospect, educate, and develop leads to create sales-ready opportunities
Research and maintain account data against prioritized accounts; identify key players and generate the interest of key prospects
Achieve monthly quotas of meetings completed and fully qualified opportunities
Provide thorough discovery data to each Account Executive to ensure successful opportunities
Become a trusted and credible resource, developing superior relationships with Account Executives
Provide ongoing feedback to the sales department for continuous process optimization
Become an expert at prospecting and master the tools needed to be successful including Salesforce, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, eDataSource, Outreach.io, and intent data.
Participate in a variety of trainings (sales onboarding, sales tools training, JBarrows sales training, etc)

We are looking for people who:

6 months experience as an SDRBDR in SaaS
1-2 Years of corporate experience, outside of undergraduate graduation
Bachelors degree preferred
Collaborators who do their very best work individually and as part of a team
Detail oriented, passionate about data, and strong familiarity with a sales process
Proven critical thinkers who solve difficult problems
Articulate and succinct communicators, verbally and in writing
Experienced with Salesforce, Outreach.io, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, and Cognism (or similar tools)

Bonus points:

Familiarity with enterprise email marketing andor marketing automation solutions
Outbound-focused sales or other customer-oriented background (support, customer service)
Experience working with teams across various locations

Perks  Benefits:

Paid parental leave
Competitive salaries, meaningful equity,  401(k) plan
Medical, dental, vision,  life insurance
Balance Day (First Friday off every month)
Fertility  Adoption Assistance
Paid Sabbatical
Flexible PTO
Monthly Employee Wellness allowance 
Monthly Professional Development allowance 
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Complete laptop workstation

The annual cash compensation for this role is 88,480 and includes hourly base pay 31.00 and target variable pay 24,000 (actual payout is subject to the percentage attainment of specific sales goals). The total compensation package also includes equity, plus a range of benefits, including medical, dental, vision, and financial. In addition, we offer perks such as generous stipends for health  fitness and learning  development, among others.Iterable is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Iterable does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Iterable also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Iterable will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.