Iterable is the most powerful customer communication platform that enables brands like Doordash, Calm, Fender and Zoopla to deliver joyful experiences with harmonized, individualized and dynamic communications at scale. Iterables data engine, ease of use, and flexible and open architecture makes it the best platform to close the data activation gap by bringing together customer data, ability to design the experiences, deliver them and optimize them. All in one platform. Weve surpassed 100M in ARR and have raised more than 340M from top-tier investors like Index Ventures, Viking, and CRV, and hundreds of companies like Priceline, Dotdash meredith, and Care.com rely on us to captivate their many millions of users. Over 1,100 brands and businesses around the world leverage Iterable to activate their customers with joy.
Iterable helps brands unlock growth in the digital era by enabling joyful customer experiences with individualized communications based real-time behavioral data, harmonized cross-channel communications based on customer lifecycle, and dynamic always-on journeys that adapt to customer signals. Our powerful customer communication platform helps marketers manage end-to-end customer engagement programs with enterprise grade security, compliance and controls for their customers.
Iterables momentum grows daily and there has never been a more exciting time to join the team! Weve been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work - SF for the past five years, recognized as one of Incs Best Workplaces and Fastest Growing Companies, and we were recognized on Forbes list of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2022. Notably, Iterable has also been listed on Wealthfronts Career Launching Companies List and have held a top 10 ranking on the Top 25 Companies Where Women Want to Work.
We have a global presence with offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, and London, and recently expanded our operations to Australia and New Zealand. Iterables reach extends worldwide, and we have remote employees across the globe. As we scale, we continue to live by our core four, founding values - Trust, Growth Mindset, Balance, and Humility. To understand the Iterable story, and learn more about our mission, explore our Culture and About Us page.PLEASE NOTE: At this time, we are only considering individuals based in the New York or New Jersey areas.
How you will make an impact:
We are looking for a dynamic and accomplished Enterprise Account Executive to join our growing and talented team. As an Enterprise AE at Iterable, you are a hunter who is passionate about our product and communicating its value to prospects as you discover, isolate, and ultimately solve their biggest challenges. You know how to sell innovation and disruption, and you thrive as part of an engaged team that supports each other and our customers! 
One of our core values is a growth mindset and Iterable is a company where everyone can grow. If this is a role that excites you, please do apply as we value applicants for the skills they bring beyond a job description.
How you will make a difference:

Target new business opportunities within assigned enterprise organizations 
Go high-and-wide within enterprise organizations to understand the full scope of opportunity
Articulate the value and return on investment of an enterprise solution across multiple decision-makers
Lead the entire sales cycle from initial opportunity creation to close
Collaborate with internal partners to move deals forward and ensure customer success
Partner closely with your assigned Sales Development Representative (SDR) to strategize and execute on your outbound prospecting plan
Bring energy and out-of-the-box thinking to solving our customers needs and problems as part of a growing, fast-paced team.
Identify and close net-new sales opportunities within target accounts with the opportunity for upselling and expansion, all while utilizing a consistent and repeatable sales process. Our reps leverage intellectual curiosity, grit, and creativity to bring deals over the finish line.

We are looking for people who:

Relevant SaaS sales experience with a track record of consistently exceeding quota.
Exceptional technical aptitude; passion for understanding our technology and communicating its benefits to both technical and non-technical prospects.
Demonstrated experience selling complex business applicationstechnology solutions at the C-Suite level
An effective, repeatable method for uncovering greenfield opportunities and building out a new territory
Experience negotiating contracts with procurement as well as MSAs with Legal.
Experience working at high-growth, SaaS, scaleup companies 
You know how to identify customer segments and new opportunities to grow your sales pipeline.
Passion for technology and service and the ability to quickly learn new software
A collaborative approach to a complex sales cycle
Alignment with our values of Humility, Trust, Balance, and Growth Mindset

Bonus points:

Familiarity with enterprise email marketing andor marketing automation solutions
MEDDIC, Value Selling, Command the Message Methodology

Perks  Benefits:

Paid parental leave
Competitive salaries, meaningful equity,  401(k) plan
Medical, dental, vision,  life insurance
Balance Day (First Friday off every month)
Fertility  Adoption Assistance
Paid Sabbatical
Flexible PTO
Monthly Employee Wellness allowance 
Monthly Professional Development allowance 
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Complete laptop workstation

The annual base salary for this position is 160,000. The total compensation package also includes target variable pay of 160,000 (actual payout is subject to the percentage attainment of specific sales goals), equity, plus a range of benefits, including medical, dental, vision, and financial. In addition, we offer perks such as generous stipends for health  fitness and learning  development, among others.
LI-LM1Iterable is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Iterable does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Iterable also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Iterable will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.