Iterable is the most powerful customer communication platform that enables brands like Doordash, Calm, Fender and Zoopla to deliver joyful experiences with harmonized, individualized and dynamic communications at scale. Iterables data engine, ease of use, and flexible and open architecture makes it the best platform to close the data activation gap by bringing together customer data, ability to design the experiences, deliver them and optimize them. All in one platform. Weve surpassed 100M in ARR and have raised more than 340M from top-tier investors like Index Ventures, Viking, and CRV, and hundreds of companies like Priceline, Dotdash meredith, and Care.com rely on us to captivate their many millions of users. Over 1,100 brands and businesses around the world leverage Iterable to activate their customers with joy.
Iterable helps brands unlock growth in the digital era by enabling joyful customer experiences with individualized communications based real-time behavioral data, harmonized cross-channel communications based on customer lifecycle, and dynamic always-on journeys that adapt to customer signals. Our powerful customer communication platform helps marketers manage end-to-end customer engagement programs with enterprise grade security, compliance and controls for their customers.
Iterables momentum grows daily and there has never been a more exciting time to join the team! Weve been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work - SF for the past five years, recognized as one of Incs Best Workplaces and Fastest Growing Companies, and we were recognized on Forbes list of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2022. Notably, Iterable has also been listed on Wealthfronts Career Launching Companies List and have held a top 10 ranking on the Top 25 Companies Where Women Want to Work.
We have a global presence with offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, and London, and recently expanded our operations to Australia and New Zealand. Iterables reach extends worldwide, and we have remote employees across the globe. As we scale, we continue to live by our core four, founding values - Trust, Growth Mindset, Balance, and Humility. To understand the Iterable story, and learn more about our mission, explore our Culture and About Us page. ONLY CONSIDERING CANDIDATES BASED IN THE SYDNEY AREA 
How you will make an impact:
Due to increasing demand for the Iterable platform across new markets, we are looking for a Country ManagerHead of Sales to identify and implement new strategic opportunities and avenues for growth across the Australia and New Zealand (ANZ)  region.  You will have ownership of sales GTM initiatives - revenue generation, developing new opportunities, building  executing account, vertical and regional sales strategies, managing regional sales pipeline, closing enterprise-level deals, and leading customer expansion initiatives for our groundbreaking customer engagement platform. You will build and manage a team of Account Executives and will report to the Chief Revenue Officer.  
One of our core values is a growth mindset and Iterable is a company where everyone can grow. If this is a role that excites you, please do apply as we value applicants for the skills they bring beyond a job description.
How you will make a difference:

Build a team of motivated Account Executives to increase growth in a strategic and emerging market
Inspire a culture of teamwork, leading with value, and achieving desired customers outcomes
Develop trust-based relationships with customers and partners to ensure consistent growth across the region
Lead our ANZ growth plans, ensure forecast accuracy and a predictable, high-growth business
Create a winning culture that embodies Iterable Core Values (Trust, Humility, Growth Mindset, Balance)
Foster an environment of Diversity and Inclusion in line with Iterables corporate objectives.  

We are looking for a leader who:

An entrepreneurial mindset and passion to build a region from the ground up
Leadership qualities to be a thought leader and driving force for gaining market traction in the region 
Experience building a high-growth, top-performing sales team serving enterprise customers in the ANZ region within Marketing Tech, Cloud, or SaaS Sales Industry
History of exceeding sales quota in similar high-growth Enterprise software companies
Understanding of value selling and structured methodologies e.g. MEDDPICC, Command the Message
Knowledge of developing the partner ecosystem to help grow strategic enterprise territories
You live our core values: Trust, Balance, Growth Mindset, and Humility

Benefits and Perks

Competitive OTE
Equal benefits offered to all Australian employees
28 Days PTO
Monthly Balance Day for all employees
Iterable is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Iterable does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Iterable also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Iterable will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.