Iterable is the most powerful customer communication platform that enables brands like Doordash, Calm, Fender and Zoopla to deliver joyful experiences with harmonized, individualized and dynamic communications at scale. Iterables data engine, ease of use, and flexible and open architecture makes it the best platform to close the data activation gap by bringing together customer data, ability to design the experiences, deliver them and optimize them. All in one platform. Weve surpassed 100M in ARR and have raised more than 340M from top-tier investors like Index Ventures, Viking, and CRV, and hundreds of companies like Priceline, Dotdash meredith, and Care.com rely on us to captivate their many millions of users. Over 1,100 brands and businesses around the world leverage Iterable to activate their customers with joy.
Iterable helps brands unlock growth in the digital era by enabling joyful customer experiences with individualized communications based real-time behavioral data, harmonized cross-channel communications based on customer lifecycle, and dynamic always-on journeys that adapt to customer signals. Our powerful customer communication platform helps marketers manage end-to-end customer engagement programs with enterprise grade security, compliance and controls for their customers.
Iterables momentum grows daily and there has never been a more exciting time to join the team! Weve been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work - SF for the past five years, recognized as one of Incs Best Workplaces and Fastest Growing Companies, and we were recognized on Forbes list of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2022. Notably, Iterable has also been listed on Wealthfronts Career Launching Companies List and have held a top 10 ranking on the Top 25 Companies Where Women Want to Work.
We have a global presence with offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, and London, and recently expanded our operations to Australia and New Zealand. Iterables reach extends worldwide, and we have remote employees across the globe. As we scale, we continue to live by our core four, founding values - Trust, Growth Mindset, Balance, and Humility. To understand the Iterable story, and learn more about our mission, explore our Culture and About Us page.How you will make an impact:
The mission of the Iterable Professional Services team is to drive customer adoption and value of our products. Our team is made up of Project Managers, Implementation Consultants, Technical Consultants, Email Deliverability Consultants, Email Deliverability Compliance Analysts, Strategy Consultants, and our Education Services team.
Reporting to the Director of Professional Services, EMEA, youll lead projects to deliver services to our clients. We measure our success by customer satisfaction, completion of project goals, and utilization. Additionally, it is critical that everyone in PS embodies our values: Humility, Trust, Growth Mindset, and Balance.
One of our core values is a growth mindset, and Iterable is a company where everyone can grow. If this is a role that excites you, please do apply as we value applicants for the skills they bring beyond a job description.
In this role, the Implementation Project Manager will: 

Partner with Consultants to lead multiple, concurrent projects to deliver onboarding and adoption services to clients.
Engage with Customer Success Managers, Account Executives, Software Developers, Marketing Managers, and other stakeholders in our client base to successfully scope and drive the project through successful completion.
Become knowledgeable about the Iterable product and use cases.
Work collaboratively across groups to secure buy-in and drive issuesrisks to resolution.
Resolve and transform complex concepts into executable plans.
Develop and execute deadlines, budgets and project activities.
Provide Risk and Resource Management by anticipating bottlenecks, providing management escalation, project prioritization, making tradeoffs, balancing the customer needs versus technical constraints and driving initial objectives.
Meet or exceed targets for CSAT (customer satisfaction), achievement of project goals, and Utilization.
Understand that our customers are the reason we come to work every day, and will advocate on their behalf to internal teams including Product Management, Engineering and Customer Success.
Prepare reports and communicate project status to team members, management and stakeholders on a regular and timely basis.
Exhibit our PS Service Principals daily: consultative, accurate, leverage all resources available to you, organized project managers, proactive, responsive and kind.

We are looking for people who have:

Experience in B2B customer-facing service delivery project management
Previous experience working in a fast-paced, high-tech, SaaS environment
Proficient with Google Enterprise Suite and project management tools such as SmartSheet or Kantata
Exceptional organizational skills with demonstrated ability to prioritize workload, and concurrently manage multiple projects.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the proven ability to communicate with all levels across the organization.
Collaborative, while able to influence and persuade.
Demonstrable understanding of PMI project management standards and guidelines
Servant leadership and a passion for driving high levels of employee engagement
Ability to travel to customer sites when required 
Flexible and adaptable to changes, while showing a positive attitude
Strong team player with the ability to build and maintain good rapport with both internal and external customers to handle situations with confidence and tact.
Experience building process documentation to outline current or new processes
Strong negotiation skills used to resolve conflicts and find win-win scenarios

Bonus Points:

Knowledge of marketing automation and marketing technologies
Experience developing implementation delivery methodologies

Perks  Benefits: 

Competitive salary, meaningful equity,  pension
Comprehensive Private Medical Insurance
Balance Day (First Friday off every month)
Paid parental leave
Fertility  Adoption Assistance
Paid Sabbatical
Flexible PTO
Monthly Employee Wellness allowance
Monthly Professional Development allowance
Complete laptop workstation

Iterable is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Iterable does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Iterable also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Iterable will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.