Iterable is the most powerful customer communication platform that enables brands like Doordash, Calm, Fender and Zoopla to deliver joyful experiences with harmonized, individualized and dynamic communications at scale. Iterables data engine, ease of use, and flexible and open architecture makes it the best platform to close the data activation gap by bringing together customer data, ability to design the experiences, deliver them and optimize them. All in one platform. Weve surpassed 100M in ARR and have raised more than 340M from top-tier investors like Index Ventures, Viking, and CRV, and hundreds of companies like Priceline, Dotdash meredith, and Care.com rely on us to captivate their many millions of users. Over 1,100 brands and businesses around the world leverage Iterable to activate their customers with joy.
Iterable helps brands unlock growth in the digital era by enabling joyful customer experiences with individualized communications based real-time behavioral data, harmonized cross-channel communications based on customer lifecycle, and dynamic always-on journeys that adapt to customer signals. Our powerful customer communication platform helps marketers manage end-to-end customer engagement programs with enterprise grade security, compliance and controls for their customers.
Iterables momentum grows daily and there has never been a more exciting time to join the team! Weve been recognized as one of the Best Places to Work - SF for the past five years, recognized as one of Incs Best Workplaces and Fastest Growing Companies, and we were recognized on Forbes list of Americas Best Startup Employers in 2022. Notably, Iterable has also been listed on Wealthfronts Career Launching Companies List and have held a top 10 ranking on the Top 25 Companies Where Women Want to Work.
We have a global presence with offices in San Francisco, New York, Denver, and London, and recently expanded our operations to Australia and New Zealand. Iterables reach extends worldwide, and we have remote employees across the globe. As we scale, we continue to live by our core four, founding values - Trust, Growth Mindset, Balance, and Humility. To understand the Iterable story, and learn more about our mission, explore our Culture and About Us page.How you will make an impact:
As a Staff Software Engineer, Backend working on the mobile team at Iterable, youll contribute to the backend systems and build product features that allow sending billions of personalized messages to folks around the planet each year. This includes adding new features to our existing integration channels such as SMS and Push Notifications, as well as building out support for completely new mobile channels that we might add in the future, such as Roku, Messenger, Hangouts, WhatsApp, etc. Youll work closely with our product team to adjust product features and determine the feasibility of upcoming projects. Youll also get to know folks across other engineering teams such as Delivery and User Data Infrastructure, and work closely with them to ensure that the products and services the mobile team builds continue to be blazingly fast and reliable at scale.
One of our core values is a growth mindset, and Iterable is a company where everyone can grow. If this role excites you, please do apply, as we value applicants for the skills they bring beyond a job description.
How you will make a difference:

Develop products that help marketers bring joy to billions of their customers
Expand Iterables mobile product offerings
Improve reliability and scale of mobile products as Iterable continues through rapid growth

We are looking for people who:

Are aligned with our core values of Balance, Humility, Growth Mindset, and Trust
Are motivated to work in a highly remotedistributed but collaborative environment (Iterable has offices in San Francisco, Denver, and New York, but the vast majority of Engineering has chosen to work remotely)
Have 5 years of previous software engineering work experience
Have a track record of delivering highly valued features, focusing on operational excellence, and mentoring engineers up to senior level

Bonus Points

Previous experience with 

Scala
SNS, APNSGCM, Firebase, and other mobilepush related systems
Building enterprise systems at scale
Working closely with frontend engineering counterparts and other teams
Mobile architecture development experience
Frontend development (with React and TypeScript)


Perks  Benefits: 

Paid parental leave
Competitive salaries, meaningful equity,  401(k) plan
Medical, dental, vision,  life insurance
Balance Day (First Friday off every month)
Fertility  Adoption Assistance
Paid Sabbatical
Flexible PTO
Monthly Employee Wellness allowance 
Monthly Professional Development allowance 
Pre-tax commuter benefits

The US base salary range for this position at the start of employment is 149,000 - 230,000. Within this range, individual pay is determined by specific US work location, as well as additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, relevant education or training, and internal equity considerations.
Please note that the range listed above reflects only base salary. The total compensation package includes variable pay (where applicable), equity, plus a range of benefits, including medical, dental, vision, and financial. In addition we offer perks such as generous stipends for health  fitness and learning  development, among others.Iterable is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Iterable does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Iterable also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Iterable will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.