
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Business Consultant
Job location: This is a remote position. You can work from home and be located anywhere in the United States or Canada.
Companies around the world rely on RapidResponse, our cloud-based platform, to manage their supply chains, monitor risks and opportunities, and respond at the pace of change. At Kinaxis, were constantly breaking new ground, using new technology to push the limits of what software can do, including how quickly it can handle big data. Our platform ensures that the products we need  everything from medicine and cars, to day-to-day items like toothpaste  make it to market and into our hands when we need them.
What you will do
As a key contributor to the success of our sales objectives, you provide market domain expertise and product knowledge during all pre-sales engagements. You will work in tandem with the sales organization focusing on all activities that will ensure target sales achievement and total customer satisfaction

Assist in identifying the customers needs and key stakeholders in the purchase decision.
Effectively deliver a standard product demo while emphasizing elements that are most aligned with the urgent needs of the customer.
Construct and deliver custom demos, utilizing customer provided data that addresses the customers urgent needs. This may involve the configuration of unique RapidResponse resources (workbooks, task flows, scorecards, etc.).
Consistently follow the sales process which includes ensuring that key deliverables are delivered.
Proactively provide effective feedback to product management on product gaps and improvement areas.
Where necessary create and deliver supplementary presentation materials in support of customer specific demonstrations.
Produce sales transition documentation for Professional Services, and participate in Sales to Services transition meetings to ensure proper handoff of newly won accounts to the deployment team.

What we are looking for

7 years of relevant experience and domain expertise in one or more of the key industries served (Automotive, High-Tech, Industrial, PharmaLifesciences, Aerospace and Defense, CPG, Retail)
Prefer previous experience in a pre-sales position within the supply chain management software industry
Ability to work independently within a team environment;
Excellent communication, presentation , facilitation, and time management skills
Adaptability and strong initiative required for success in this role
Ability to manage multiple priorities and perform well in a fast paced environment
Ability and willingness to travel within your designated region.

 What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.