
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Learning Consultant, APAC
Job Location: This is a remote position. You can work from home and be located anywhere in Japan.
As a Learning Consultant within Continuous Learning Services, your focus is on delivering education services to Kinaxis customers, internal employees and partners on Kinaxis cloud-based Supply chain planning solution - RapidResponse. Your experience and background in Supply Chain Management will permit you to fully embrace the power of RapidResponse concurrent planning capabilities. You will deliver Live  Remote sessions (leveraging a Virtual Class room), and occasionally onsite trainings are requested. You will address different audiences, spanning across Business Process owners (functional scope) and Technical implementers (configuration and integration scope), as well as Super user and End-Users.In addition, you may provide learning expert advice and services like creating solution walkthrough demonstrations, applied learning exercises, or day-in-the-life-of-a-planner training material required for specific learning needs on the designed  configured solution.
What Youll Do

Deliver Virtual classroom education to Kinaxis customers, partners and employees on the RapidResponse
Develop new courseware to support customer or partner specific training needs.
Advice customers and partners on training environment setup and configuration, and design of learning paths, aligned on Certification targets andor End-user adoption.
Continuously upskill on Kinaxis applications and the supply chain management best practices
Contribute to innovations and new learning methods, whether designed as self-paced or Instructor-led.
Collecting and processing training feedback, assessing training program effectiveness and ensure continuous improvements.

Things You Should Have

A post-secondary degree (Engineering or Business) with 5 years of relevant experience in Supply Chain Management.
Experience in Supply planning (MPS, Manufacturing  Distribution, Production scheduling)
Knowledge of analytics, dashboards and scorecards
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Team-player collaborating effectively with internal and external customers in a fast-pace Project Management environment
Customer-centric mindset with problem-solving capabilities
Fluency in English is required, other languages a bonus

Things That Would Definitely Help

APICS Certification
Project Management Certification
Detailed knowledge of functional supply chain solutions such as ERPMRP, Sales and Operations Planning, Demand Planning, Aggregated Supply Planning, Order Fulfilment, Capacity Planning, Inventory Management, and managing planning activities with distributors and contract manufacturers.
Knowledge of Java script and modern web-oriented scripting languages
Experience working with relational databases

 What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.