
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Solution Architect
Job location: Remote, Japan
About the team
As a member of our Consulting Team, you understand our customers most pressing business performance challenges and you are committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges in the distributed value chain that is prevalent in manufacturing today.
What you will do
Working with new and existing customers, you will provide expert guidance in leveraging our product offerings and deliver value in the following ways:

Provide creative solutions to complex business problems while maintaining best practices;
Guide and mentor the consulting project team during project;
Drive client participation in project design activities;
Leading Deployment Workshops to help customers achieve immediate value from their investment;
Facilitating business process design and development that leverages RapidResponse capabilities;
Resolving complex data and analytic configurations to ensure that the solution is producing the expected results;
Configure the RapidResponse interface according to our customers distinct needs as defined within the Agile user stories and blueprint designs;
Working with our customers to develop a roadmap to solve multiple supply-chain problems leveraging the power of RapidResponse;
Providing high levels of customer service whenever the opportunity arises;
Work with Account Executives and Client Partners to articulate the value of RapidResponse and be able to discuss our implementation methodologyapproach.
Support the services sales opportunities as the solution and technical leader working with the Account Executives and Client Partners

What we are looking for

Multiple cycles of leading development teams in complex supply-chain solution design, development, and testing
10 to 15 years of relevant experience in business software consulting andor manufacturing and demand management,
Experience in engaging and negotiating  with C-level stake-holders
Detailed knowledge of functional supply chain solutions such as ERPMRP, Sales and Operations Planning, Demand Planning, Aggregated Supply Planning, Order Fulfilment, Capacity Planning, Inventory Management, and managing planning activities with distributors and contract manufacturers
SAP ECCAPO implementation experience or other major ERP implementations
Understanding of the solution development life cycle, including business requirements definition, review of functional specifications, development of test plans, testing, user training, and deployment
Experience in electronicshigh-tech manufacturing industries such as EMS, OEM hardware, etc. or experience in industrial, automotive, pharmaceutical, aerospace and defense industries
Experience working with relational databases and java script
A post-secondary degree in a related discipline

Things That Would Help:

Lean Manufacturing trainingexperience.
Experience with Jira and Confluence.
Project management skills.
Kinaxis RapidResponse certification in the role of Contributor, Author, or Admin.
Previous experience with RapidResponse.
Agile Scrum Master andor Product Owner trainingexperience.
What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.