
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Co-OpIntern Software Developer, Algorithms, Quality
Job location: our office in Ottawa, Canada (preferred) or Remote, Canada
Term length: 12 months starting January 2024
About the Team
As a member of our Algorithms QA team, you will focus your skills and experience on designing, developing, and maintaining testing tools for the analytics engine of our RapidResponse product. 
The Algorithms team is a dynamic environment where you will succeed through quick learning and ability to undertake a variety of simultaneous tasks. Your passion for quality and detail will enable you to consistently deliver thorough results within a framework of tight deadlines and changing priorities.  
What you will do

Contribute to verifying and validating of mathematical models
Design, develop and maintain tools for data analysis
Maintain automated testing frameworks for the Algorithms engines
Frequently interact with Algorithms team to gather the requirements for test automation
Actively participate in the improvement of the testing processes by introducing new and enhancing existing automation tools
Write various scripts
Work daily in a Windows environment
Work with VMs, Git, Jira, Confluence, Build Validation, Jenkins
May perform additional projects upon request

What we are looking for

Completion of at least 2nd year of studies in Computer Science  Software Engineering
A love of data and algorithms, and the desire to apply them in the real world
Programming and scripting techniqueslanguages experience (CC, C, .NET, Python, JavaScript, Bash, PowerShell)
Knowledge and experience in relational database design and usage (SQL, complex joins)
Ability to search for and structure information regarding complex processesfunctionality
Ability to think outside of the box is crucial in this fast-paced environment
Exceptionally strong analytical skills
Strong teamwork and interpersonal skills
Adaptable and flexible to changing priorities
Self-starter with strong initiative and results orientation
Commitment to help every member of your team perform better
What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.