
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Are you a student looking for a future internship or a co-op placement? Youve come to the right place!
Hiring Process 
Applications for open roles for the upcoming work term must be submitted via www.kinaxis.comenopen-positions.  If you have applied through your schools co-op portal (if applicable), please be sure to apply directly to the Kinaxis careers page as well, as it is the only way for your application to be considered.
If there are no open positions of interest to you, or you would like to apply for a future work term, please view the Team Descriptions on our Internships page and then apply below to enter our student talent pool.
When you apply, you will receive a notice of confirmation that your application has been received.  Due to a high volume of applications, only candidates moving forward to the interview stage will be contacted.
Depending on the timing of your application, when you can expect to be contacted for an interview will vary.  Typically interviews are conducted 3-4 months in advance of the start dates. For example:

In JanuaryFebruary interviews are conducted for a May start date.
In MayJune interviews are conducted for a September start date.
In SeptemberOctober interviews are conducted for a January start date.

Co-op and internship interviews typically consist of one 30 or 60 minute face-to-face or web-based interview.
Once an offer has been made, candidates typically have 72 hours to respond before the offer expires.
 What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.