
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Data Analyst
Job location: our office in Ottawa, Canada. We work in a hybrid model where the expectation is to work a minimum of 3 days in the office. 
About the team
The Data Analyst, as a proficient-level professional with well-defined experiences, will be a leader in analyzing, implementing, and improving data solutions to drive and support Kinaxis global business by enabling them to make intelligent business decisions. As a technical expert, you will be key in developing a Center of Excellence and mentoring other technical and business resources. The successful candidate will collaborate with skilled and enthusiastic team members to develop a world class data environment. In addition, identification and assisting in Data Governance, Data Quality solutions is critical part of the role.
The Data Analyst proactively partners with stakeholders to understand business objectives and identifies areas where efficiency and productivity could be improved using business process improvements and technology solutions.
What you will do

Partner closely with leadership and business stakeholders as a trusted and influential evangelist to identify and answer important questions, define key metrics, cultivating a data driven decision making culture.
Deliver data, reporting, analysis and dashboarding solutions using KANBAN and agile processes.
Proactively identify opportunities for upgrades and advise the business on value and accelerate Data Governance, Data Quality processes, tools, and concepts.
Contribute and establish and Grow the Analytics  BI CoE (Center of Excellence), User Self Service, Train the Trainer concepts.
Enhance Analytics  BI deliverables by enabling predictive capabilities.
Participate in ML  AI initiatives to further support a data driven culture.
Take ownership of complex or time critical support issues, improve response times, establish a deputy concept within the Data Team.
Participate in an IT environment that is focused on security by design, education, and communication.

What we are looking for

Bachelor of Science degree or equivalent in Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field, and working towards certification on specific application(s) andor platform(s).
4 years of functionalprofessional experience in data analytics supporting sales operations, finance and data management in a high tech, global environment.
Analytical, system, and design thinking skills with an inventive approach to work through deep, ambiguous, and progressively complex problems.
Highly adaptable and able to pivot based on prioritization and needs of the business; proactively solicits feedback to ensure alignment.
Agile and resilient in managing multiple projects with multiple sources of information.
Ability to communicate complex, technical concepts to executive staff, business sponsors and technical resources in a clear, concise, and professional language

Role Specific Skills and Qualifications

Proven ability to translate high-level business requirements in to functional and system requirements, and to build solutions accordingly.
Highly skilled in Power BI (DAX, Power Query and dashboarding techniques), SQL and Excel  
Hands-on experience with cloud-based analytics, streaming and batch data processing.
Experience querying data to perform ad hoc analysis and deliver meaningful results.
Deep knowledge of data modelling, data governance, data quality processes,tools and concepts.
Experience working with DOMO, Snowflake, cloud-based CRM  ERP, ML and AI.
Intermediate to advanced skill using Office tools, flow diagraming, collaboration and documentation tools.
Experience prioritizing competing demands in a fast-paced environment.
Intermediate to advanced knowledge of industry standard related toolstechnology.

What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.