
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Senior Accounts Receivable Administrator (20 month term)
Job location: our office in Ottawa, Canada. We work in a hybrid model where the expectation is to work a minimum of 3 days a week in the office.
About the team
The Senior Accounts Receivable Administrator, reporting to the Controller, Financial Services, is responsible for the billing and collection of the global accounts receivable for Kinaxis. 
Detail oriented with exceptional customer service skills, the Senior Accounts Receivable Administrator will be a trusted partner to colleagues within the Finance team and across the organization, ensuring the complete and accurate processing of all invoice-related activities and related journal entries for the Company, in accordance with International Financial Accounting Standards (IFRS).
What you will do

Collaborate with the Sales, Professional Services and Finance Operations teams to ensure timely receipt of customer purchase orders to enable billing and payment by contracted due dates and terms
Review monthly services billings and subscription billings per contracted terms
Manage and maintain overdue accounts lists, ensuring timely follow-up and communication with vendors and customers to accelerate collection
Expedite collection issues for the team by collaborating with other departments and escalating to the Controller, Financial Services when required
Process incoming cash receipts in Netsuite and coordinate the month end process including managing the AR aging report and leading the bi-weekly AR review with the AR team and the Controller, Financial Services.,
Lead the quarterly close process for the AR team and assist with the quarterly audit reviewsyear end audit
Recommend and participate in the implementation of effective and efficient processes and practices
Assist with regular and ad-hoc information requests including but not limited to financial reporting and KPI metrics such as Days Sales Outstanding.

What we are looking for

Post-secondary education in Business, Accounting, or related field, or equivalent experience
5 years of progressive accounting experience, high-tech, global-entity environment is preferred
Experience using ERP accounting systems; Netsuite an asset
Analytical and problem solving skills; Demonstrated ability to think critically when faced with challenges
Strong organization skills and ability to prioritizing tasks based on the needs of the business; proactively seeking feedback to ensure alignment
A clear, concise, and professional communicator with the ability to present information to various audiences

Role Specific Skills and Experience:

Intermediate to advanced level Excel skills
Demonstrated experience participating in systems integration projects
Keen attention to detail and works well under tight deadlines
Excellent customer service skills

 What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.