
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Accounts Receivable Team Lead
Job location: our office in Ottawa, Canada. We work in a hybrid model where the expectation is to work a minimum of 3 days in the office. If you are located in Montral, or Toronto you will be working remotely.
About the team
The Accounts Receivable (AR) Team Lead is responsible for managing the billing and collection of the global accounts receivable portfolio for Kinaxis. This role will be a trusted partner to colleagues within the Finance team and across the organization, ensuring the complete and accurate processing of all invoice-related activities and related journal entries for the Company, in accordance with International Financial Accounting Standards (IFRS).
The AR Team Lead is also responsible for managing the performance of a team of AR Administrators, understanding the needs of, and ensuring adequate support to the finance team.
What you will do

Collaborate with the Sales, Professional Services and Finance Operations teams to ensure timely receipt of customer purchase orders to enable billing and payment by contracted due dates and terms.
Review and approve monthly services billings and subscription billings per contracted terms.
Manage and maintain overdue accounts lists, ensuring timely follow-up and communication with vendors and customers to accelerate collection.
Expedite collection issues for the team by collaborating with other departments and escalating to the Controller, Financial Services when required.
Process incoming cash receipts in NetSuite and coordinate the month end process including managing the AR aging report and leading the bi-weekly AR review with the AR team and the Controller, Financial Services.
Lead the quarterly close process for the AR team and assist with the quarterly audit reviewsyear end audit.
Recommend and participate in the implementation of effective and efficient processes and practices.
Lead regular and ad-hoc information requests including but not limited to financial reporting and KPI metrics such as Days Sales Outstanding.
Provide leadership, coaching, development opportunities, and guidance to a team of AR administrators, supporting them through review of complex situations and ensuring that the team is structured for success.

What we are looking for

Post-secondary diploma or degree in Business Accounting or a related field, or equivalent experience.
5 years of progressive accounting experience, preferably in a high-tech environment.
2 years of direct or indirect people leadership experience, managing the performance of a team whose work may be directed by others.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to apply sound judgement in situations that are ambiguous in nature.
Critical thinker when faced with challenges, and applies skills to work through complex issues that may require change in policy or practice.
Highly adaptable and able to pivot based on prioritization and needs of the business; proactively solicits and delivers feedback to ensure alignment.
A clear, concise, and professional communicator with the ability to present information to various audience.

 What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.