
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Senior Industry Principal
Job location: This is a remote position. You can work from home and be located anywhere in North America.
 
What you will do
With a background in value selling and processsolution consulting, you will be perceived as an industry solution and value engineering expert.  You will use a consultative approach to create a clear roadmap for technology and process improvements, and the unique value Kinaxis can deliver.  You will possess sound knowledge of industry and customer specific business challenges, and articulate how the right combination of process and Kinaxis solutions can address customer specific needs.  This position will require domestic and international travel.

Acts as pursuit manager on key opportunities working collaboratively with sales, pre-sales and services to position the right solutions to new prospects and existing customers.
Works closely with pre-sales in the discovery phase to uncover differentiated value drivers.
Provides key objectives for demonstrations and works with salespre-sales to align on demo flow.
Generates and presents business case analyses (typically conducted collaboratively with prospectscustomers) to highlight the unique and differentiated value and ROI of our solutions.
Understands key industry challenges and trends, connects those to the customers unique business dynamics, and translates that to the appropriate Kinaxis solutions.
Creates industry and customer specific messaging to support sales cycles.
Understands Kinaxis solutions offerings, and those of our competitors, at a depth to be able to communicate our differentiation and how it ties to unique value.
Assesses how existing and emerging Kinaxis solutions can support supply chain efficiencies and transformation.
Develop and fosters a strong relationship as a trusted industry and solution expert with customers in areas such as business, finance and IT.
Demonstrates strong supply chain and technology domain expertise  Demand Planning, SOP, Supply Planning, Supplier Collaboration, Business analytics  Reporting and Infrastructure Technologies

What we are looking for

10 years of consulting andor pre-sales with industry experience in the area of supply chain management.
Strong knowledge of supply chain fundamentals, industry best practices, and available solutions in the SCM  ERP space.
Ability to articulate the value of supply chain management solutions through compelling presentations. Experience in developing and presenting concise point of views to convey the value of technology solutions and services.
Consultative sales savvy  appropriately positions software capabilities and interacts across all levels of the organization.
Effective public speaking  communication skills with the ability to convey necessary concepts, and overcome objections.
Demonstrated ability to work jointly cross functional (sales, consulting, support, product management) with internal teams to achieve desired revenue and customer satisfaction goals.
Graduate degree (MBA or MS) preferred.
Finance backgroundexperience a plus.

 What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.