
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Salesforce Administrator
Job location: Chennai, India
About the role 
This is a great opportunity to join an awesome company with an amazing culture. This is your chance to be a member of an engaging and collaborative team of business and technology experts that will focus on improving our go-to-market processes by continually driving value from our integrated Salesforce platform and associated apps. Through innovative and scalable technology, you will enable Kinaxis to continue our tremendous growth and drive amazing experiences for our customers, partners, and employees.
In this role you will work with stakeholders to understand the business objectives, operating model, and processes. You should have a good understanding of the Salesforce platform, in addition with the gained business knowledge, you will translate the requirements to technical solutions that will improve user experience, process efficiency and productivity with business process improvements. Essential responsibilities include user management, communication, data analysis, platform maintenance, documentation, and training users on the effective use of the platform products.
About the team 
The System Administrator  Salesforce will join the IT Application Excellence team within Corporate IT to support our service requests and enhancements for our Salesforce platform. You will apply industry standard best practices to ensure the platform is robust, healthy, current, and fulfilling the needs of the business.
As a member of our go-to-market portfolio team within IT, you will provide support for building and designing solutions (including needs assessment, technology selection, managing technology implementation, process improvement projects, supporting business systems and ensuring compliance with IT General Controls including Sarbanes Oxley 404 Controls) for our Marketing, Sales, and Customer Support business units on various platforms such as Salesforce CPQ, Salesforce Sales  Service Cloud, Salesforce Community Cloud, Gainsight CXPX, ZoomInfo, 6sense, Outreach, etc.
What youll do 

Work closely with business users to identify, document and analyze business processes, user and system requirements and support the suite of Sales, Marketing  Customer Support solutions
Work in collaboration with your team to manage the backlog of Salesforce improvement opportunities (features, enhancements, fixes etc.) using an Agile approach, delivering a regular sprint release cycle
Create and maintain user accounts, including managing roles, profiles, and sharing rules on both Classic and Lightning platforms, ensuring appropriate level of access and security
Configure and maintain custom objects, record types, fields, formulas, views, dashboards, and objects
Build and optimize process builders, workflows, flows and validation rules
Provide user training documentation and live training sessions
Drive data hygiene and integrity through routine data cleansing activities
Translate requirements into test strategies and test cases; design, develop and execute test strategies and plans
Keeping up to date with Salesforce releases and best practices to inform and recommend system improvements

What we are looking for 

4 years of functional experience in business analysis, testing, application support, with most of the time spent implementing, configuring, and supporting Salesforce with a focus on Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, andor Salesforce Communities. Custom configuration of Salesforce is also a desired experience to have.
Experience with configuration andor support of Salesforce apps such as ZoomInfo, Outreach, 6sense, Gainsight, or similar tools preferred.
Understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC)  Agile best practices.
Ability to translate high-level business requirements into functional and system requirements.
Comprehensive knowledge of cloud technologies, object-oriented, and web-based systems, applications, environments, and relevant toolstechnology.
Working knowledge of SQL for querying databases.
Having a technical background, systemdata integration experience, or experience with API development is a plus.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Critical thinker with strong analytical skills.
Demonstrated ability to identify and evaluate several alternative solutions to meet the business needs.

EducationTraining Required:

Engineering in Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field.
Preferred Certifications: Salesforce Certified Administrator, Sales Cloud Consultant, Service Cloud Consultant, Experience Cloud Consultant

 What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.