
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Senior Instructor, Deployment Enablement
Job location: This is a remote position. You can work from home and be located anywhere in EMEA.
About the team
The Senior Instructor is responsible for building, leading and delivering learning programs focused on enabling quality deployment of our solutions. In this role, you will also advise and support Partners, Professional Services, and our customers by designing content, building training programs, and delivering training on complex deployment. Supported by a team of enablement experts, you will leverage your subject matter expertise in end-to-end deployment of our solution to create ongoing education sessions and bootcamp based workshops. 
What you will do

Create and deliver Bootcamps, labs and workshop style classroom Training to Kinaxis customers, partners, and employees on the RapidResponse product with audiences spanning from new to advanced users leveraging existing and customized courseware.
Using your advanced knowledge of RapidResponse deployments for some of our largest customers, design and deliver training sessions that drive best practices in quality deployments to our customers.
Customization and development of new courseware to support customer specific training material for both instructor-led, and Virtual instructor-led training.
Develop reporting metrics, including learner assessments and an operational dashboard to provide insights and informed decision making. 
Mentoring of new instructors (including Authorized Training Partner instructors)
Maintaining knowledge of Kinaxis applications, training techniques, and the supply chain planning industry
Responsible for developing product knowledge questions and scenarios for capability assessments and Certifications
Create hands on labs. 

What we are looking for

At least 7 years of progressive working experience, ideally in an training or implementation role for a supply chain software or SaaS organization
Minimum of 2 years experience in hands on implementation of our end-to-end RapidResponse solution for large, complex customer environments 
Ideally 2 years of experience in hands on training delivery or acting as a Subject Matter Expert to provide knowledge transfer of complex solutions.
Extensive experience in Supply Chain Planning andor Management
Knowledge of analytics, dashboards, and scorecards
 Excellent communication, presentation, facilitation, time management and customer relationship skills

 What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.