
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Consultancy Intern
Job location: our office in Cluj, Romania or Remote - Romania
Term length: 6 months starting February 2024. This is a Part-Time role.
About the Team
As a member of our Consulting team, you are eager to understand our customers most pressing business performance challenges and you are committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges in the distributed value chain that is prevalent in supply chain management today. Working with new and existing customers, you will learn to provide expert guidance in integrating our product offerings to deliver value.
What you will do

Learn the Rapid Response platform
Learn and develop your consulting skills
Support the Professional Services implementation team with activities such as documentation, configuration, data management and integration-related activities, solution validation and testing
Support deployment workshops to help customers achieve value from their investment
Participate in deep-dive customer business requirements discovery sessions
May perform other projects as assigned

What we are looking for

A university degree or final year in your studies in a relevant discipline (could include Engineering, Business  Supply Chain, Economics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Mathematics, Informatics, Statistics etc.)
A passion for working in customer facing roles and you have great interpersonal, communication, facilitation, and presentation skills
Strong technical skills and the ability to learn a new application  Kinaxis RapidResponse
Work well in a team environment and can work effectively with people at all levels in an organization
Ability to communicate complex ideas effectively in English, both verbally and in writing
Eagerness to understand the software implementation life cycle, including business requirements definition, documentation, configuration, testing, user training, and deployment
A curiosity to learn more about how companies apply business applications to support end-to-end processes (e.g. Supply Chain Planning)

Things that Would Definitely Help

Working knowledge of other common European languages (Italian, Spanish, German, French)
Knowledge of technical products (e.g. SQL, Python, REST APIs, Java Script, Integration Technology, Business Applications (e.g. SAP), etc.)
Good problem solving, numeracy and analytical mindset
What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.