
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Co-OpIntern Test Developer, Product Verification
Job location: our office in Ottawa, Canada
Term length: 8 or 12 months starting January 2024
About the Team
Our server is truly the foundation of our company. Its key strengths of speed and collaboration are the Wow! aspects of our product. As a member of our QA team, you will be one of the behind-the-scenes wizards who propel forward our core technology  you will contribute by developing automated tests to ensure exceptional product quality that delights customers world-wide! Your passion for quality and affinity for detail will allow you to consistently deliver thorough results within a framework of tight deadlines and changing priorities. 
What you will do

Contribute to a variety of test activities throughout the feature development lifecycle
Contribute to the implementation of automated test suites
Write automated tests, primarily in NUnit using C
May perform additional projects as assigned

What we are looking for

Completion of the 2nd year of a Computer SciencesComputer Engineering program
Experience in programming techniqueslanguages (C, Java, JavaScript, C, .NET, XML, JSON, Jenkins)
What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.