
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Financial Accountant (16 Month Term)
Job location: our office in Ottawa, Canada. We work in a hybrid model where the expectation is to work a minimum of 3 days in the office. 
About the team
As a member of the Finance team reporting to the Manager, Accounting and Reporting, the Financial Accountant is responsible for assisting with the month end close at the corporate level. This role will also be responsible for balance sheet reconciliations and audit support of all subsidiaries.
What you will do

Record month end transactions in the general ledger, and assist with month end processes
Enter transactions in the general ledger related to bank accounts across all entities, balancing cash and producing the monthly cash report.
Record, maintain and track fixed assets in accordance with internal control procedures
Prepare monthly balance sheet reconciliations
Assist with providing audit support across all entities
Preparation of monthly and quarterly variance analysis reports
Provide backup for general accounting team
Other ad-hoc duties as required
Recommend and implement process improvements where identified

What we are looking for

3-5 years general accounting experience
Post-secondary diploma in accounting related field
Experience in general accounting, intercompany accounting and month end close procedures for a global, public company
Experience in accounting for fixed assets
Proficient in Excel
Excellent communication skills and team player
Able to manage multiple and ever changing priorities
Experience with NetSuite considered an asset
What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.