
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Strategy Management Co-OpIntern
Job location: our office in Ottawa, Canada
Term length: 4 months starting January 2024
About the Team
Were looking for an intern to contribute to the process excellence function within the Kinaxis Office of Strategy. The ideal candidate has demonstrated analytical skills, a passion for learning, and an interest in project management, process improvement and operational excellence.
What you will do
In this role, you will work with the Strategy Management team and process stakeholders in various business units. You will:

Work with the strategy team and business process stakeholders to improve the scalability, transparency and visibility of key processes across the organization
Collaborate with stakeholders to support managing projects, identify key business processes and opportunities for improvement
Assist with process improvement using various techniques such as business process mapping
Related activities depending upon time available and educational requirements
May perform additional projects upon request

What we are looking for

Minimum 3rd year undergraduate, focused in engineering or business, with a focus on process. Graduate student preferred
Strong technical and interpersonal skills
Passion for project management, process improvement or lean six sigma
A passion for technology and its application to solve business problems
A passion for learning and researching
Strong organizational skills
A self-starter with strong initiative
A natural curiosity and isnt afraid to ask numerous questions
Interest in gaining invaluable, hands-on strategy experience

Things That Would Definitely Help

Experience working in operations
Experience with 6 Sigma and Lean
What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.