
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Co-OpIntern Algorithms Developer, Scheduling
Job location: our office in Toronto, Canada
Term length: 4, 8, or 12 months starting January 2024
About the Team
Production Scheduling is the process of arranging, controlling, and optimizing work and workloads in a production or manufacturing process.  Kinaxis Enterprise Scheduling unifies production planning and scheduling activities on a single, concurrent platform, allowing planners and schedulers to immediately see the impact of demand and supply changes, from forecast all the way down to the shopfloor schedule.
The Enterprise Scheduling team is focused on building an enterprise level scheduling application with the flexibility of a site-level scheduler and a focus on fast, scalable scheduling algorithms. The team has a passion for solving complex scheduling problems and building highly scalable, configurable, and extensible applications.
What you will do

Design and implement novel Production Scheduling models, heuristics, and meta-heuristics
Translate real world Production Scheduling use cases and constraints into computational models
Collaborate closely with our experienced developers, adhering to best practices including unit testing, and software craftmanship
Engage actively in our scrum rituals, contribute to design discussions, and partake in code review sessions
As a product-focused team, embrace a range of roles including tester, investigator, facilitator, and support
May perform additional projects as requested

What we are looking for

Working toward a degree in Computer Science, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering (or related)   
Excellent software engineering skills
Knowledge of production scheduling algorithms and techniques using optimization andor heuristics
A love of algorithms and problem solving, and the desire to apply them in the real world
Working knowledge of Java, C or similar language, including object-oriented design, unit testing
Ability to design high performance code that does in seconds what others do in hours
The commitment to help every member of your team perform better
Background in, or understanding of, supply chain management a nice to have
Experience working under agile methodologies such as Scrum a nice to have


Technologies We Use

Java for core algorithm development
IntelliJ, JIRA, Confluence, Git 
State of the art in-memory database and analytics technology 

What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.