
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Cloud Security Architect
Job location: Ottawa-Hybrid; all other Canadian locations-Remote
 
About The Role
The Cloud Security Architect is a subject matter expert responsible for the design and development of all Kinaxis Cloud security architecture while ensuring technology is implemented within frameworks that improve security postures of cloud environments. The Cloud Security Architect will develop the cloud security roadmap, and will be responsible for the strategic planning, architecture, and securing of enterprise information systems by identifying network, data, application and platform security requirements, implementing and testing security controls and procedures in a hybrid cloud environment.
The Cloud Security Architects goal is to tease out security flaws across multiple cloud service providers when information systems interconnect, and complexity forms.
 
What you will do

Design secure patterns for workloads deployed on Infrastructure-as-a-Service, Platform-as-a-Service and Software-as-a-Service environments as well as hybrid architecture patterns which may tightly integrate to other public clouds or on-premises systems;
Be a technical security expert to help guide the design of our secure hybrid cloud computing environments required to support our planning and digital supply chain solutions;
Partner with stakeholders across the organization to plan and manage the cloud security strategy and architecture, establishing governance and facilitating adoption and execution;
Understand key disciplines within different organizational roles and how they relate to the organizations cloud security architecture;
Lead and participate in the selection of cloud security tools and controls, including existing enterprise tools that can extend into the cloud, cloud-native security controls and third-party offerings;
Provide security guidance to Kinaxis Global Information Security Team through technological changes and assist in designing solutions that align with the Kinaxis corporate strategies;
Assess security architectures, analyze issues and develop recommendations for their resolution;
Provide subject matter expertise on public cloud security practices;
Build and maintain security diagrams, design, and process documents;
Identify and implement improvements to the cloud security policies, procedures and affiliated technologies, in order to manage and mitigate key security risks;
Collaborate across the organization to ensure security risks are promptly identified, critically assessed and mitigated in adherence to defined objectives;
Understand potential and emerging information security threats and vulnerabilities and communicate this information to appropriate team members throughout the organization on a timely basis;
Design solutions that support and enable Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Plan objectives;
Work closely with all domain architects to ensure cloud security requirements are adopted to all cloud solutions and initiatives;
Accountable for ensuring the design of all Cloud Systems solutions meets the appropriate security and compliance requirements.

 
 
What we are looking for

BS or BA in Information Security, Computer Science, Information Systems, or demonstrated equivalent experience;
Minimum 10 years of experience in IT Security, including 5 with a SaaSHosting organization;
Minimum 5 years of experience with Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure public cloud platforms and their related technologies including but not limited to deployment, automation, networking and security;
CISSP, CCSP, Comptia CloudSecurity , CISM, or GIAC certifications preferred;
Exceptional communicator with the ability to provide, clear, concise messaging (written and verbal) to multiple audiences and across multiple platforms, and the ability to lead facilitation and present complex information that will engage a diverse audience in an inspiring and impactful way;
Advanced analytical, problem solving, and critical thinking skills, and the ability to coordinate input from multiple sources to develop impactful recommendations to the business;
Demonstrates agility and resiliency in managing workloads in an environment of ongoing urgency and ambiguity.

     Skills and Qualifications

Familiarity with IT Governance, data governance, architecture, and security frameworks such as ISO27001, NIST Cybersecurity Framework, COBIT, SABSA, TOGAF, MITRE, OWASP, CIS;
Experience performing threat modeling and design reviews to evaluate the introduction of new technologies security implications and requirements;
Great understanding of SSE, CASB, CSPM, CNAPP and CWPP tools; knowledge of cloud security frameworks, standards and best practices; and working with cloud IAM and IaaS, PaaS and SaaS native security capabilities;
Experience with Kubernetes platforms in a hybrid cloud solution;
Experience with network technologies (firewall, switches, router, load balancers);
Experience with Infrastructure-as-Code (Terraform, Ansible, Packer);
Experience with backend and API development (Python, Java, Go, etc.);
Strong diagnostic and troubleshooting skills.

 What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.