
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Co-OpIntern Software Engineer, AI Platform
Job location: our office in Ottawa, Canada or our office in Toronto, Canada
Term length: 8 or 12 months starting January 2024
About the Team
At Kinaxis AI, our platform team stands as the vanguard of big data and ML processing in the cloud. We engage in deep collaborations with data scientists, analysts, and stakeholders from across the globe, sculpting state-of-the-art, robust AI solutions for our expansive supply chains. Our distinctive edge lies in our profound software engineering acumen combined with a product-centric vision. This expertise propels us into the ever-evolving landscapes of cloud, big data, and machine learning. Foremost, our steadfast commitment to the product resonates seamlessly with Kinaxiss overarching ethos of putting people-first at the heart of all we do.
What you will do

Engage in software development focused on data engineering, machine learning, and cloud infrastructure-as-code
Collaborate closely with our experienced engineers, adhering to best practices including pair programming, unit testing, and software craftmanship
Engage actively in our scrum rituals, contribute to design discussions, and partake in code review sessions
As a product-focused team, embrace a range of roles including tester, investigator, facilitator and support, showcasing versatility within our agile cross-functional unit
Dive deep into the realms of Data Engineering, Machine Learning, and cutting-edge Cloud technologies
May perform additional projects upon request

What we are looking for

Demonstrated proactive engagement with eagerness to learn
Excellent communication skills, adept at articulating complex ideas with clarity and precision
Collaborative in approach, actively seeking guidance when necessary
Skilled in widely-used programming languages, notably Python
Possess a fervent curiosity or keen interest in software design, data structures, and machine learning with a user-centric or product-driven mindset


Things that Would Definitely Help

Showcase of your work in github or bitbucket or similar
Showcase of your communication skills or accomplishments

What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.