
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. 
Key Account Manager
Job location: This is a remote position. You can work from home and be located anywhere in the United States or Canada.
What you will do

As part of continued growth Kinaxis is expanding its North American presence and offers a unique combination to contribute and opportunities of a growing business with the benefits of an established client base located within the region, top quartile referenced product portfolio along with company stability and resources to deliver and execute its growth strategy.
The retention of existing accounts is key to the ongoing growth and reputation of Kinaxis.  A high-profile account is a compelling advocate or our solutions but the loss of a account can do tremendous damage to our industry reputation and compromise pipeline deals. Often the technical go live is not only a celebrated internal milestone but also perceived as a summit conquered  from where we can relax our efforts with the customer. A common rule in climbing that more people die coming down than going up. This is where the hard yards start.   The customer sees technical go live as the creation of a platform for greater things.  It is the role of the existing Key Account Manager to maintain and exploit that platform for maximum mutual value.


Leads efforts for identifying opportunities and growing revenue in existing accounts.
Working with Kinaxis senior management to develop the relevant account strategies and engagements to drive pipeline growth and close deals within agreed timelines
Highly credible and able to demonstrate understanding of the relevant client operations and strategies and linking them to the relevant solutions and high value propositions that go beyond just technology
Team player who is able to work and help ensure delivery of client sales propositions
Establishing and maintaining high-level, executive relationships with New Name Accounts, focusing on the establishment and maintenance of strategic relationships (direct and reseller).
Qualifying prospects according to Kinaxis capabilities and applicability.
Providing accurate sales forecasts and relevant reporting based upon realistic close timelines.
Communicating product improvements and recommendations that originate in the field.

What we are looking for

8 years experience in selling strategic, enterprise level mission critical solutions (SCM, ERP, BI)
Sales experience in High Tech Electronics, Industrial, Pharmaceutical, Automotive and similar manufacturing oriented industries with the ability to ultimately lead the sales for a particular industry vertical 
Degree qualified with industry and SCMSCP experience preferred
Highly motivated who has achieved or exceeded consulting or sales quotas in new or emerging markets with leading and of Best of Breed technologies.
Experience working in different North American markets, geographies in complex deals
Ability to effectively and strategically engage with executive level decision makers, and develop joint strategies for growth
Ability to sell to multiple constituencies within an organization (Manufacturing Operations, Demand Management, Finance, IT)
Consultative, value-propositionbusiness case driven sales methodology experience.
Must be an articulate, persuasive and passionate communicator with excellent presentation skills
Ability to work and act independently and be pro-active
Ability to travel as required

What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.