
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Senior Director, Global Information Security
Job location: Ottawa-Hybrid; all other locations in Canada and USA-Remote
 
About The Role
Reporting to the VP, Security Strategy  Compliance and a senior member of the Kinaxis security organization, the Senior Director, Global Information Security will play an essential role in assisting with the execution of the Kinaxis overall strategic plan and in providing leadership and direction for the design, implementation, and enforcement of global enterprise security initiatives encompassing its various networks, applications, systems, and supporting infrastructures.
With strong leadership skills, the Senior Director, Global Information Security routinely engages with various leaders across the Kinaxis organization to socialize and advocate for security initiatives, gather feedback, and drive enhancements of safeguards.
The successful candidate will partner with key stakeholders to ensure Kinaxis meets its information security objectives and obligations and will be responsible for reaching the relevant strategic business objectives of the Security Strategy  Compliance organization.
The successful candidate is expected to be a trusted advisor that will be comfortable in a technical setting but with very strong strategic and business overtones. With exceptional communication skills, the successful candidate is expected to deliver on both technical and business-oriented objectives, cross-functionally, as a facilitator and collaborator.
 
What you will do

Design, communicate, and lead operational security initiatives to support a global enterprise-class security posture and to mitigate threats as they emerge;
Partner and collaborate with members of the Security Strategy  Compliance team to ensure Kinaxis is and remains compliant with the security strategies, controls, and targeted security postures across the entire organization;
Identify, propose, and deliver on key information security program priorities, initiatives, plans and practices;
Manage the execution of approved information security projects and internalexternal security vulnerability assessments, and provide regular status reporting on progress of such projects;
Identify and communicate current and emerging security threats. Keep abreast of security trends and the emerging threat landscape. Actively engage with vendors, understanding architecture roadmaps, technology directions and investments to improve security capabilities and deliver cost-effective solutions.

 
 
What we are looking for

Bachelors degree or higher in Information Security, Computer Sciences, Information Management Systems, combined with strong strategic and business abilities or relevant work experience;
Minimum 15 years of relevant experience in information security operations, or related areas;
Minimum 5 years of experience in global people leadership;
Holding a current CISM certification is strongly preferred, or an acceptable equivalent;
Possess knowledge of current public cloud platforms, services and security best practices for their protection;
Analytical, critical thinking, and investigative skills to analyze security requirements and relate them to appropriate security initiatives;
Strong sense of teamwork, an ability to work with both technical and business users and highly adaptable to a dynamic corporate environment;
Self-motivated with an acute attention to details, innovative and proactive;
Proven project management experience;
High familiarity with information security industry frameworks, standards, best practices and relevant regulations (e.g. SOC 1, SOC 2, BSI-C5:2020, NIST, ISO 27000 families of standards, SANS, CSA, etc.)
An articulate and professional communicator with strong collaboration skills able to clearly convey complex ideas in written, presentation, and spoken formats to a variety of audiences;
Exceptional leadership skills and the ability to operate cross functionally; build trusted relationships across the organization and industry networks.

 What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.