
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Delivery Manager
Job location: This is a remote position. You can work from home and be located anywhere in the United Kingdom or Cluj, Romania
 
About the team
Kinaxis is looking for a Delivery Manager with proven success in managing large-scale programs and projects for global enterprise customers. You will have the opportunity to marry your in depth knowledge of supply chain, technical expertise and project management abilities to delivery the RapidResponse solution on time and on budget.
 
What you will do

Lead our global Professional Services team, (Solution Architects, Integration Consultants, and Solution Consultants) against the delivery of our RapidResponse solution for our clients most pressing business needs.
Manage client relationships and expectations within original scope of the delivery, working to mitigate multiple agendas and tight timelines.
Take ownership of balancing the overall satisfaction of the client, while effectively representing both the client and Kinaxis best interests.
Collaborate with Partners to identify a jointly agreed to implementation methodology.
Toggle between delivery on single focus client projects and large scale multi-year roll-outs, with team sizes up to 10 resources and multi-million dollar budgets.
Drive towards achievement of team utilization, revenue and management targets.
Work with the Sales team, Client Partners and Delivery Directors to develop and support client services solution roadmap. Administer projects across the engagement lifecycle.

 
What we are looking for

Minimum 8 years Supply Chain industry experience, managing large scale implementations in software consulting services.
In depth Technical Project Management expertise, with at least 2 years demonstrated history of implementing complex software solutions .
Previous history delivering on multi-phase projects, rolled out over a period of 2 years for Enterprise clients.
Able to travel 50-75 of the time mostly in Europe.
Ability to effectively communicate with all levels within the organization, including C-level Executives.
Willingness to provide both a big picture view of client engagement as well as take a roll up your sleeves attitude towards project delivery.
Proven record of execution to time and budget .
CollegeUniversity degree - Business, Supply Chain, computer science, process engineering preferred.

 
Things that would help

Previous experience working in a Management Consulting environment.
Experience with manufacturing planning solutions such as Kinaxis, SAP, JDA, etc.
Delivering on projects and programs with a global focus for external clients.
What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.