
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Enterprise Solution Architect  IT Application Excellence
Job location: our office in Ottawa, Canada. We work in a hybrid model where the expectation is to work a minimum of 3 days in the office. 
About the team
The Enterprise Solution Architect, as a seasoned professional with in-depth experience, is responsible for a wide range of activities related to enterprise level solution architecture, change management, technology selection and alignment, master data management, integration planning, data flow management, and adherence to architecture standards, working predominantly on enterprise level solutions.
As a SME and trusted advisor to the business, the Enterprise Solution Architect consults and collaborates with internal stakeholders, IT Business Partners, developers, and project leads to assess and understand business objectives, business cycles, operating models, and processes, to recommend the technical solution architecture for the business, and to ensure that it aligns with our enterprise architecture and with our overall corporate strategies.
What you will do

Conduct full architectural review when a new technology is evaluated; provide recommendations with supporting documentation
Consult with stakeholders across the organization to ensure solutions are designed to scale, meet predictable future additions and enhancements, manage risk, and provide long term benefits to Kinaxis
Leverage technical and business expertise to identify, re-engineer, digitize, andor implement efficiencies and performance improvements to solutions and business processes.
In collaboration with business analysts and other architects, elicit requirements and functional specifications; assess current software systems in place to identify opportunities for improvement
Design solutions using existing and new technologies to meet current and predictable future business requirements.
Support the development and implementation of a value driven AI integrationutilization strategy for improved operability, productivity and integration of applications and related technologies.
Translate the vision of the project andor platform to the application and development team, while ensuring the new solution fits within the existing ecosystem.
Define features, phases, and solution requirements including solution architectures, frameworks, and strategies to meet business, functional and non-functional requirements including security.
Deliver architecture, integration, and migration strategies, ensuring execution is consistent with architectural standards and development practices.
Lead our Architecture Review Board processes to ensure the backlog of Architecture Reviews are planned, resourced and scheduled to support project timing and to meet business delivery expectations.
Ensure effective integration of applications to enable business improvements for analytics and reporting
Research industry trends, policies, and directives to ensure that business solutions align with corporate strategy; remain knowledgeable of new and emerging technology trends pertaining to applications including integration, development, authentication, automation, generative AI, digital transformation, analytics, etc.
Define application tiers, frameworks, component types and interfaces, as necessary to design, communicate and develop a business solution.
Define and document interfaces of manual to automated operations within application sub-systems, to external systems and between new and existing systems.
Provide specifications according to which the solution is defined, managed, and delivered.
Provide insight to identification and documentation of system-specific standards; programming, documentation and testing, program libraries, data dictionaries, naming conventions etc.

What we are looking for

Bachelors degree in information technology, Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related field, or equivalent experience. Masters degree in computer science or software Engineering is preferred.
8 to 10 years of functionalprofessional experience with progressive growth in enterprise level application  solution design, solution architecture or software engineering roles.
Experience leveraging AI solution, technologies and techniques that drive efficiency, productivity and innovation in business processes preferred.
Exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills; Ability to solve complex problems using critical and design thinking, and creative innovation.
Highly adaptable and able to pivot based on prioritization and needs of the business; proactively solicits and delivers feedback to ensure alignment.
Ability to envision an intentional enterprise level architecture and develop medium- and long-term roadmaps that elevate and prepare our technology stack to support high quality data, rapid business growth and related scalability.
Ability to quickly develop positive trusting relationships with others by building an understanding of the user experience and unique business drivers that lead to enhanced solutions.
An articulate and professionally industry skilled communicator with the ability to provide clear, concise messaging to multiple audiences and platforms; communication with business users in their language (vs. language of IT) and deliver strategic updates to senior leadership.
The ability to lead facilitation and eloquently present complex information across the organization, engaging participants in an inspiring and impactful way

 What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.