
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Payroll Specialist
Job location: This is a remote position. You can work from home and be located anywhere in the USA.
About the team
Reporting to the Payroll Manager, this role is responsible for handling all aspects of payroll processing of US payroll, benefits and compliance in a fast-growing business. This role will ensure that payroll transactions are well documented, executed appropriately and completed in a timely manner, and assist in developing and building cost-effective and efficient payroll processes. This will include month end closure responsibilities related to payroll activities. This is a very analytically focused role and is a great opportunity for someone experienced with multi-national payroll to join a dynamic team.
What you will do

Responsible for full-cycle semi-monthly payroll processing for employees across multi-state locations, timely distribution and reviewing accurate calculation of payroll checks, taxes and other withholdings including frequent new hires.
Working with cross-functional stakeholders to ensure benefits and remittances are delivered.
Respond timely to all payroll and related queries.
Prepare and complete payroll related journal entries and month end close procedures and reconciliations.
Process withholdings and complete monthly payroll reconciliations and annual reporting
Prepare reconciliations, payments, and payroll changes relating to various types of leaves and terminations.
Compile and prepare monthly, quarterly, and annually payroll related reports and remittances after each pay run, and as needed.
Work closely with Human Resources to facilitate and ensure accurate data entry of benefit, employee data, pay and other payroll changes into the payroll system.
Participate  support HR new programsinitiatives and work on changes impacting payroll.
Support month-end closing procedures and regulatory and financial audit requirements.
Implement new benefit and pay element items as required.
Registering New States as required
Continuously evaluate, suggest, and implement improvements to payroll processes.
Assist with the preparation  maintenance of the monthly payroll for our Global Entities in Europe and Asia.

What we are looking for

Completed or working towards Payroll Compliance Professional (PCP) Certification
5 years payroll and benefits administration for a multi-country environment. Multi-state US experience is
Knowledge of federal and state payroll regulations and requirements.
General ledger experience and a solid understanding of accounting concepts.
Experience in general accounting and month end close procedures.
Proficiency with Excel
Excellent written, interpersonal, and verbal communication skills and team player
Ability to multitask and work in a fast-paced and demanding global environment with an ability to prioritize.
Highly discreet when dealing with sensitive employee payroll and benefit matters.
Organized, efficient, with the ability to handle multiple tasks.
What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.