
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Accounting Analyst Co-OpIntern
Job Location: In-office in Ottawa, ON
Term length: 4, 8, or 12 months starting January 2024
About the Team
As a member of the Finance team reporting to the Accounting and Reporting Manager, the Accounting Analyst Co-opIntern will support tasks related to our public company reporting requirements, various technical accounting matters, our financial close process and our internal control requirements. This role assists with preparing the financial statements and MDA, and helping to test internal controls over financial reporting, among other duties.
What you will do

Assist in preparing the annual and quarterly financial statements and MDA
Support annual audit and quarterly review engagements
Support testing of the design and implementation and operating effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting
Assist in compilation of other compliance documentation, financial reports, and presentation material as required
Prepare monthly reconciliations and supporting documents to ensure the completeness and accuracy of specific accounts as part of the monthly close
Participate in additional ad-hoc projects or provide support to other teams within Finance upon request
May perform additional projects as requested

What we are looking for

Currently enrolled in a Commerce or Business program with a specializationmajor in Accounting
Attention to detail
Ability to manage multiple priorities and meet deadlines
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills

Things that Would Definitely Help

Experience with Microsoft Office, specifically Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word
Any accounting or audit related work experience
Any knowledge of IFRS accounting principles
What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.