
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Co-OpIntern Analytics Solution Developer
Job location: our office in Toronto, Canada
Term length: 12 months starting January 2024
About the Team
The Analytics team focuses on exploring and refining analytical methodologies, measurements and new features for our existing products. The Analytics team has a passion for solving complex business problems and building configurable applicationssolutions.
What you will do

You will be working closely with Analytics, Product Management, Platform Engineering and other areas of the business to productize Analytics solutions
You will be building scalable applications on top of Kinaxiss Analytics and Data platform
May perform additional projects upon request

What we are looking for

Working towards a Bachelors degree or equivalent in Computer Science or a related field
Proficiency in Python
Ability to work in Linux environments with containerization technologies (Docker, Kubernetes)
Familiarity with all aspects of the software development life cycle
Experience writing documentation that describes in detail how your project  library  tool operates
Clean, maintainable and testable written code using up-to-date industry standards
Experience planning and writing unit, integration and end-to-end tests for your projects and use code coverage
Confident gitSCM user
Passionate about shipping large-scale software systems in a fast-paced environment but able to balance longer term issues such as maintainability, scalability and quality
Fluent in Python and SQL, and you treat data as a first-class citizen whether that the data comes from a data warehouse, object storage or output of a model
A team player, a quick starter and an implementer who is equally comfortable talking requirements with technical product managers or getting in the zone pair programming with Analytics Developers. Your primary focus is on shipping Analytics software systems that drive value by building robust and scalable computational- and data-intensive workflows and web services

 What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.