
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Sr. Technology Consultant
Job location: Chennai, India
About the team
As a member of our Consulting team, you understand our customers most pressing business performance challenges and you are committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges in the distributed value chain that is prevalent in manufacturing today. Working with new and existing customers, you will provide expert guidance in integrating our product offerings to deliver value.
What you will do

Participate in deep-dive customer business requirements discovery sessions and develop integration requirements specifications
Learn the Rapid Response integration platform
Support deployment workshops to help customers achieve immediate value from their investment
Perform integration configuration  mapping, loading, transforming and validating data required to support our customers unique system landscape
Support data management and integration related activities including validation and testing of the solution

What we are looking for

8 or more years of relevant experience in business software consulting, ideally in supply chain.
Experience with ETL tools - Talend is mandatory. 
Experience in Informatica , Mulesoft could be advantageous.
Database level experience of extracting data from enterprise class ERP systems including SAP, Oracle, JDE, etc. and Data Lake  Data Warehouse systems
Experience in integrating with different systems using multiple formats like flat files, web services, REST, etc.
Understanding of the software development life cycle.
Excellent communication, presentation, facilitation, time management and customer relationship skills
Ability to work from office and be willing for 20 travel.
Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills
Technical skills such as SQL, R, Java Script, Python, etc.
What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.