
About Kinaxis  
Kinaxis is the global leader in modern supply chain management. We serve supply chains and the people who manage them in service of humanity. Our software is trusted by renowned global brands to provide the agility and predictability needed to navigate todays volatility and disruption. We combine our patented concurrency technique with a human-centered approach to AI to empower businesses of all sizes to orchestrate their end-to-end supply chain network, from multi-year strategic planning through down-to-the-second execution and last-mile delivery. For more news and information, please visit kinaxis.com or follow us on LinkedIn. Co-OpIntern Software Test Developer, Algorithms
Job location: our office in Ottawa, Canada
Term length: 8 or 12 months starting January 2024
About the Team
Kinaxis is looking for a talented candidate to work within the Analytics Test Development team. The team is responsible for testing various algorithms to solve supply chain management problems. The uniqueness of the team is that it performs at the intersection of technology and real business problems. You will contribute to the product that delights customers world-wide!  If you are someone that has a passion for technology, quality, and are looking for an opportunity to learn and grow—this challenge is for you.
What you will do

Work together with senior test developers on feature development and bug fixes
Maintain and develop tools for testing and debugging
Collaborate and work closely with your team members
May perform additional projects upon request

What we are looking for

Completion of 1st year of studies in Mathematics or Computer Science (or equivalent) program
Programming and problem-solving experiences
Hands on experience working with a database is an asset
Overall knowledge of Software Quality Assurance and software testing
Very strong technical aptitude, with a preference for algorithms, data structures
Insatiable drive for improving performance  you want to do it fast and right!
Good collaborative skills and positive attitude
Strong initiative and drive to get things done!
What we have to offer

Challenging Work - We love solving highly complex problems. And as the global leaders in our industry, we never stop innovating—our work is never done. Thats because across our teams and in all roles, every employee is empowered to bring their best ideas forward and to jump in and solve the problems theyre passionate about.
Great People - We take our work seriously, but we dont take ourselves too seriously! Its in our DNA to celebrate, laugh, and have fun. We are stronger, together, when we are open, honest, and above all, real. Every person is valued here and plays an important role in our shared success.
Global Impact - As a global team spanning continents, boundaries, and cultures, every day we are inspired by the impact our work has on our colleagues, our customers, our communities, and the world at large.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion - Diversity, equity and inclusion are more than words to us. They are the guiding principles for building a culture where we celebrate each others differences, continuously strive for equality and recognize that inclusion makes us stronger as individuals, a company and a global citizen. 

For more information, visit the Kinaxis web site at www.kinaxis.com or the companys blog at http:blog.kinaxis.com.
Kinaxis strongly encourages diverse candidates to apply to our welcoming community. We strive to make our website and application process accessible to any and all users. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact us at recruitmentprogramskinaxis.com. This contact information is for accessibility requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.