We are kite, and we think a sales agency should aim higher.
The best sales results are delivered by people having real conversations, and the best ones begin with understanding people and appreciating them. After all, people like being treated fairly, openly and honestly. Thats how we fly.
Our Mission: We live to create new customers for our customers.
Over the last 30 years, weve been asked what our secret is. The answer is simple: people. We love people, and when you walk into the kite offices, its the first thing you notice. We love the people were fortunate enough to call our clients. We love the people we go out and meet every day. And we love the family of colleagues we get to work with.
So now you know our secret. Surround yourself with great people and theres no limit to how high you can fly. Youll be responsible for: 

As a Team lead, you will play a significant role in supporting one of our largest sales programs in the U.S., generating new business opportunities and acquiring new credit card customers in-store at one of Americas largest retail chains.
Hire, train, and lead a team of Field Sales Representatives across a large geographic region, covering multiple stores. Coaching, mentoring, and developing your team in the field will be vital to your success.
The Team lead will lead their team to achieve all sales targets and goals as outlined by company leadership, including sales, revenue, and client experience. 
The Team lead will be the link between the in-field sales teams and the corporate office. This requires strong communication and organizational skills to coordinate all important updates and deliverables. 
Recruiting is the lifeblood of our business, and the team lead will be responsible for working closely with internal recruiting teams to meet headcount goals. 
To develop and improve the field sales team, the team lead is responsible for traveling to various store locations across their region and must be willing and able to work a fluctuating schedule based on business needs (this is not a 9am-5pm job).

Youll be a great fit if you have:

Experience as a sales leader, selling a product or service that requires face-to-face interaction with the customer.
Experience thriving in a results-oriented atmosphere where you have not only met but exceeded your sales metrics and targets on a regular basis.
A high level of emotional intelligence with the ability to train, coach and mentor a wide range of personality types.
An entrepreneurial spirit and a desire to take ownership of your region while growing its profitability. 
A willingness to lead by example and spend time in the field to help your team members grow and develop.
An ability to not only motivate yourself, but also your team to achieve greatness.  
A hunger to earn a higher income in an uncapped commission sales environment. 

What youll receive:

20.00 - 25.00hour plus uncapped commission. 
A comprehensive benefits package including Medical, Dental, Vision and Voluntary Term Life coverage for eligible employees.
Paid training and development opportunities.
Flexible schedule.
Growth opportunities - show us how high you can fly!

A few notes:

Must have the ability to travel throughout your region. 
Must be at least 18 years of age. 
Must have the ability to move around a retail store for extended periods of time.
Must be able to pass a background check as a requirement of employment. 
High school diplomaGED is required; college degree is highly preferred. 
Must be competitive and want to be the 1 Team lead!

Check us out on Instagram and our Website to learn more about us! 
Instagram - we.are.kite
Website - www.wearekite.com 
INDHWho We Are
kite is headquartered in Toronto with a presence across Canada, the United States, and the Middle East. Our team is dedicated to helping our clients gain new customers as well as build further loyalty among their client base.
Our success starts with our people, and we have built a culture that puts people first. We have a flat structure that allows you to work closely with management, as well as a rich training program to help you with your personal development. There are numerous opportunities to advance your career and take on new roles and challenges, and you will be able to work with Fortune 500 companies that operate all over the country.
kite and its parent company have been around since 1988 and works with many of the largest financial institutions and consumer goods companies in North America and overseas. You will have opportunities to travel across the country and grow your career as you see fit. Our success as a company depends on hiring and developing the best professionals, and to that end, we are committed to attracting, developing, retaining and promoting a diverse workforce across the organization. 
Come join us at kite and see how high you can fly. 
kite has a long-standing commitment to equal employment opportunity for all associates and applicants for employment. Employment decisions including, but not limited to, those such as associate selection, performance evaluation, administration of benefits, working conditions, associate programs, transfers, position changes, training, disciplinary action, compensation, and separations are made without regard to race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming), creed, national origin, nationality, citizenship status, domestic partnership status, ancestry, gender, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, civil union status, family status, age, mental or physical disability (including AIDS or HIV-related status), atypical heredity cellular or blood trait of an individual, genetic information or refusal to submit to a genetic test or make available the results of a genetic test, military status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws.
kite is committed to equity in its policies, practices, and programs, supports diversity in its teaching, learning and work environments, and ensures that applications for members of underrepresented groups are sincerely considered under its employment equity policy. All qualified individuals who would contribute to the further diversification of the SDI community are encouraged to apply. 