We are kite, and we think a sales agency should aim higher.
The best sales results are delivered by people having real conversations, and the best ones begin with understanding people and appreciating them. After all, people like being treated fairly, openly and honestly. Thats how we fly.
Our Mission: We live to create new customers for our customers.
Over the last 30 years, weve been asked what our secret is. The answer is simple: people. We love people, and when you walk into the kite offices, its the first thing you notice. We love the people were fortunate enough to call our clients. We love the people we go out and meet every day. And we love the family of colleagues we get to work with.
So now you know our secret. Surround yourself with great people and theres no limit to how high you can fly. Youll be responsible for: 

While working in-person in a retail store in this customer-facing role, youll represent the brand of a Fortune 500 company, building brand awareness and customer loyalty.
Playing a significant role supporting one of our largest sales programs in the U.S., generating new business opportunities and acquiring new credit card customers at one of Americas largest retail chains. 
Engaging and educating customers to provide excellent customers service while building brand loyalty, laying the foundation for a strong customer experience, and serving as an excellent brand ambassador. 
Working independently at retail locations, maximizing sales while enhancing customers in-store experience.
Meeting and exceeding daily, weekly and monthly sales targets.
Following policies and procedures around sales, operations, theftfraud, healthsafety, and more. 
Working in close partnership with field leadership and other members of your regional team to increase sales and improve customer service. 

What youll receive:

Our Reps earn an hourly base plus uncapped bonuses. All in (hourly  bonus) 40,000-60,000 annually. Our top reps are earning 80,000-100,000 per year!
Ongoing training and development opportunities  we invest in our people!
A very flexible schedule shifts and store locations you work!
A comprehensive benefits package including Medical, Dental, Vision and Voluntary Term Life coverage for eligible employees.
Paid breaks
Continuous growth opportunities - show us how high you can fly!

Youll be a great fit if you have:

An independent self-starter mentality who is personable and able to build strong rapport with strangers.
Sales andor customer service experience, especially within a retail setting.
The ability to be self-motivated and work autonomously with an entrepreneurial, sales and customer service driven spirit. 
A hunger to earn a higher income in an uncapped commission sales environment. 

A few notes:

You will be working multiple stores within your geographical region and must have reliable transportation (personal vehicle, public transportation, etc.) to and from work.
Travel options are available to high performers who are interested.
Must be at least 18 years of age. 
Must have the ability to move around a retail store for extended periods of time.
Must follow Safety Protocols accordingly.
We offer up to 800 for referral bonus 

Check us out on Instagram and our Website to learn more about us! 
INDHWho We Are
kite is headquartered in Toronto with a presence across Canada, the United States, and the Middle East. Our team is dedicated to helping our clients gain new customers as well as build further loyalty among their client base.
Our success starts with our people, and we have built a culture that puts people first. We have a flat structure that allows you to work closely with management, as well as a rich training program to help you with your personal development. There are numerous opportunities to advance your career and take on new roles and challenges, and you will be able to work with Fortune 500 companies that operate all over the country.
kite and its parent company have been around since 1988 and works with many of the largest financial institutions and consumer goods companies in North America and overseas. You will have opportunities to travel across the country and grow your career as you see fit. Our success as a company depends on hiring and developing the best professionals, and to that end, we are committed to attracting, developing, retaining and promoting a diverse workforce across the organization. 
Come join us at kite and see how high you can fly. 
kite has a long-standing commitment to equal employment opportunity for all associates and applicants for employment. Employment decisions including, but not limited to, those such as associate selection, performance evaluation, administration of benefits, working conditions, associate programs, transfers, position changes, training, disciplinary action, compensation, and separations are made without regard to race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming), creed, national origin, nationality, citizenship status, domestic partnership status, ancestry, gender, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, civil union status, family status, age, mental or physical disability (including AIDS or HIV-related status), atypical heredity cellular or blood trait of an individual, genetic information or refusal to submit to a genetic test or make available the results of a genetic test, military status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws.
kite is committed to equity in its policies, practices, and programs, supports diversity in its teaching, learning and work environments, and ensures that applications for members of underrepresented groups are sincerely considered under its employment equity policy. All qualified individuals who would contribute to the further diversification of the SDI community are encouraged to apply. 