We are kite, and we think a sales agency should aim higher.
The best sales results are delivered by people having real conversations, and the best ones begin with understanding people and appreciating them. After all, people like being treated fairly, openly and honestly. Thats how we fly.
Our Mission: We live to create new customers for our customers.
Over the last 30 years, weve been asked what our secret is. The answer is simple: people. We love people, and when you walk into the kite offices, its the first thing you notice. We love the people were fortunate enough to call our clients. We love the people we go out and meet every day. And we love the family of colleagues we get to work with.
So now you know our secret. Surround yourself with great people and theres no limit to how high you can fly. We Are Kite is looking for motivated LifelineACP Outside Sales Representatives who will be responsible for generating LifelineACP activations. We are seeking 3 - 6 Field Representatives with an entrepreneurial mindset, who are passionate about making money while serving lifeline-eligible recipients. If youre an energetic and outgoing individual, then We Want You on Our Team! There is great potential for career growth. Management position available for those who have a team of agents already in place or have the ability to start a team; we want to talk to you!
Our Field teams are responsible for helping eligible low-income individuals andor families who are participants of government programs, by providing free wireless devices and tablets with free monthly phone service (federally funded). Field Reps will operate an outdoor or indoor kiosk in a public location. Our teams have the option to freelance in multiple locations by engaging in direct marketing within the community to guide customers through the application process. Agents that meet and exceed set goals are rewarded for excellent performance.
We Will Train the Right Person!
Qualifications:

Strong work ethic and reliability
Excellent communication and people skills
Problem-solving and critical-thinking skills
Ability and willingness to learn
Bilingual is a plus (not required)
Must be able to operate smart devices.
Partnerships with community services, charities, and local businesses are a plus.
Lifeline program experience is highly desirable. 

Requirements:

Must have own method of transportation
Must be comfortable working outdoors
Must be 18 years or older
Must be able to lift 25lbs

Responsibilities:

Field Reps can set up and operate kiosksevents indoors or outdoors.
Field Reps are expected to engage directly with members of the community, informing them about the LifelineACP program and assisting with applications for service.
Field Reps are expected to gain a complete understanding of the LifelineACP industry through our comprehensive, one on one Training program, this will include LifelineACP program history, customer enrollment training, issue resolution, and team activity coordination.
All team members must also be able to fulfil all compliance requirements for the LifelineACP program and maintain our customer-first, zero-tolerance, fraud prevention standards.

WHAT WE OFFER:

Compensation based on performance  uncapped Bonuses.
Competitive salary: Earn between 500.00 - 3,000.00 per week - You get paid by the devices you can GIVEAWAY! 
Referral bonus available
Opportunity to run your own team, based on performance.
Flexible scheduling
All program equipment and marketing materials provided.
Upskilling: Develop your sales and customer service skills through engaging with diverse communities.

 Who We Are
kite is headquartered in Toronto with a presence across Canada, the United States, and the Middle East. Our team is dedicated to helping our clients gain new customers as well as build further loyalty among their client base.
Our success starts with our people, and we have built a culture that puts people first. We have a flat structure that allows you to work closely with management, as well as a rich training program to help you with your personal development. There are numerous opportunities to advance your career and take on new roles and challenges, and you will be able to work with Fortune 500 companies that operate all over the country.
kite and its parent company have been around since 1988 and works with many of the largest financial institutions and consumer goods companies in North America and overseas. You will have opportunities to travel across the country and grow your career as you see fit. Our success as a company depends on hiring and developing the best professionals, and to that end, we are committed to attracting, developing, retaining and promoting a diverse workforce across the organization. 
Come join us at kite and see how high you can fly. 
kite has a long-standing commitment to equal employment opportunity for all associates and applicants for employment. Employment decisions including, but not limited to, those such as associate selection, performance evaluation, administration of benefits, working conditions, associate programs, transfers, position changes, training, disciplinary action, compensation, and separations are made without regard to race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming), creed, national origin, nationality, citizenship status, domestic partnership status, ancestry, gender, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, civil union status, family status, age, mental or physical disability (including AIDS or HIV-related status), atypical heredity cellular or blood trait of an individual, genetic information or refusal to submit to a genetic test or make available the results of a genetic test, military status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws.
kite is committed to equity in its policies, practices, and programs, supports diversity in its teaching, learning and work environments, and ensures that applications for members of underrepresented groups are sincerely considered under its employment equity policy. All qualified individuals who would contribute to the further diversification of the SDI community are encouraged to apply. 