At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo is growing fast and we have openings for all skill levels across all of our teams. Learn more about our engineering culture at https:klaviyo.tech
We love tackling tough engineering problems and look for Engineers who specialize in certain areas but are passionate about building, owning  scaling features end to end from scratch and breaking through any obstacle or technical challenge in their way. We push each other to move out of our comfort zone, learn new technologies and work hard to ensure each day is better than the last.
Klaviyo operates a real-time data platform coded in Python built for massive scale on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Engineers come to Klaviyo with experience in a variety of languages and from a number of disciplines.
About the Query Team
The Query team manages a foundational piece of Klaviyo Infrastructure and has a charter to help unlock the value of customer-data collected by Klaviyo Data Platform. The team is responsible for designing, implementing and maintaining data-access APIs to various analytics data-stores inside Klaviyo Analytics Platform at massive scale. You will have ownership over designing foundational components within the greater technical vision of Klaviyos data storage and access system.
Technologies we use (not exhaustive)

PythonDjangoFlask
GRPCProtobufs
ClickhouseMySQLCassandra databases
Big data frameworks such as Hive, Spark, Trino etc.
Kubernetes
AWS

Who You Are:

You are a passionate technologist who likes to build and operate large scale distributed systems.
You are deeply interested in database systems, big data platforms and technologies.
You have a strong sense of ownership and can-do attitude.
You strongly believe in collaboration and teamwork.
You believe in continuous learning and sharing knowledge.
You have a funny bone and dont take yourself too seriously.

How Youll Have an Impact:

You will help drive technicalarchitectural evolution of the query area.
You will contribute to all the phases of the software development lifecycle.
You will represent the team in various cross functional projects and initiatives.
You will introduce technical best practices, new design patterns and new software toolsplatforms to the team.
You will directly contribute to both writing the code for new components and effectively delegating implementation work as needed.
You will be responsible for mentoring engineers.

What Youll Need:

8 years of experience in software development, and strong knowledge of computer science fundamentals.
5 years of experience Managing,  testing, developing, and launching software products, and 3 years of experience with software design and architecture.
Hand-on experience writing complex SQL queries.
Hands-on experience designing reliable, fault-tolerant, and high performance distributed systems.
Hands-on experience building components of service oriented architecture.
Experience working with AWS technologies.

Preferred Skills:

Experience working with distributed query frameworks such as Trino, Presto, Spark etc.
Experience building API-gateways and developing service APIs using RESTGRPCGraphQL technologies.
Sound understanding of database internals, specifically query planner and optimizers.
Sound understanding of big-data constructs and technologies.
Sound understanding of compiler constructs such as AST, parsers and query optimizers.

LI-hybridThe starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:183,200—274,800 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.