At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Dont see a live role that suits you now? Thinking of a job move in the near future? Register your interest for future openings. 
 
We love to connect with talent and if it looks like we could be a match for each other, our Recruiter will reach out for an initial networking conversation!
 
As the first point of contact in the sales cycle, BDRs are a crucial step in the sales cycle at Klaviyo and offers exciting career growth opportunities. We consider the BDR role essential to the success of our business as your contribution to the sales and marketing feedback loop significantly influences our go-to-market strategy. We pride ourselves on accountability, effort and working collaboratively to create positive outcomes. We understand that these values are essential to meeting goals and exceeding expectations.
 
How Youll Make a Difference


Partner closely with experienced SMB and Mid-Market Account Executives to design and execute on effective prospecting strategies to generate opportunities
Learn to effectively identify qualified leads, articulate Klaviyos value proposition, and route opportunities properly to the direct sales team
Support the success of your peers and provide guidance and support to new BDRs
Spend time optimising the role and processes of a BDR
Reflect Klaviyos values of accountability and effort
Develop, test and iterate messaging across multiple channels, industries and personas 
Contribute learnings and best practices to your team members to support the success of your peers 

Who You Are

Looking to kickstart your tech sales career or have demonstrated experience in business development
Have a strong desire to be in technology sales and have already developed a baseline framework for how to effectively sell
Continually seek improvement and are rigorous in your pursuit of it
Are excited, motivated, and inspired by exceeding goals
Are thoughtful, engaging, energetic, and self-aware
Have experience working in a fast-paced environment
Focus on details, are a self-starter, and are relentless but professional
Have excellent writtenverbal communication skills

Requirements:

Full authorisation to work in the UK without any restrictions

Klaviyo in EMEA : As part of the Klaviyo team you will be looked after with some great benefits locally in EMEA including equity for all, private health cover for you and discounted for your household, financial and professional coaching, a generous annual learning allowance (2.5k), 22 weeks full pay primary care giver leave (16 week secondary) and free books (yes, any books!) to name a few.
Get to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.