At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.The Community teams mission is to nurture an inclusive platform for inspiration, strategic advice, and meaningful collaboration. Community offers peer to peer learning and a direct connection to Klaviyo experts to enable brand growth. Community is the space to learn from others and actively participate in the Klaviyo ecosystem. The Principal Community Specialist will help lead operations behind the Community team and act as a moderator in the Klaviyo Community. They will oversee the  promotion and creation of content and help manage our user groups and programs. They are responsible for building strategies to engage new and existing users and developing scalable processes for content creation and moderation. The ideal candidate will be well-versed in defining performance metrics and measuring success. They will also have a keen understanding of project management best practices and be able to mentor others through those processes. The person in this role will also be responsible for owning and managing their own content categories and user groups. This includes answering questions posed by community users and offering both technical and strategic guidance to help them achieve their marketing goals.
How Youll Make a Difference:
Lead projects develop scalable processes for project and  program management

Project manage impactful improvements in the Community to drive success.
Develop processes for creating and managing special projects and programs
Upskill and mentor your teammates on best practices for program management

Build winning strategies for community content and initiatives and monitor success across all offerings.

Provide input on topics that should be added to the forum to help fill a void in a product area, or to help better clarify a feature for customers.
Share insights and feedback from customers to internal teams and work cross-functionally to develop solutions.
Identify areas of opportunity for internal and external SMEs to share ideas
Foster in-person and virtual connections through VIP, industry, and influencer engagement strategies and identify strategic ways to engage with these users.

Become a valued member of the Klaviyo Community and support our users with timely responses and engaging content  posts

Become proficient with InSided, our forum software tool, in order to schedule posts to reflect curated content calendar on a weekly and monthly cadence.
Contribute to a shared goal of increasing the peer response rate and customer self service score. 

Ensure quality across community posts

Serve as the quality assurance lead for Community Specialist replies.
Monitor posts on the community platform daily, and ensure that all discussions and comments are responded to in a timely manner with clear and concise resolutions

About You:

You bring a customer-first mindset to everything you do. 
You have excellent communication skills, especially in a written format 
You have a background in marketing andor customer marketing strategies 
Youre a strong networker, both internally and externally
You have experience working cross-functionally and can manage stakeholders
Youre a highly empathetic individual that is eager to help solve problems
You can think through problems and develop creative solutions. 
You can easily learn new technologies and softwares 
You have experience working directly with customers. 
Youre adaptable towards shifting team priorities, and enjoy collaborating 
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:104,000—156,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.