At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.The Account Executive, Customer Growth team is responsible for selling our suite of products into our install base of 100k customers. This is an incredibly exciting time to join the Klaviyo sales team given that youll be an early contributor on a team responsible for scaling Klaviyos newest and fastest growing lines of business. 
How You Will Make a Difference

Partner with Customer Success Managers to effectively target your assigned customer segmentterritory and create new opportunities
Collaborate with Partner Managers and Agency Partners to identify Channel sales opportunities and team them how to effectively sell Klaviyo products to their clients
Self-prospect and advise existing Klaviyo customers on the value of Klaviyo and why our product is the best choice for their business
Participate in regular workshops, lunch and learns, and in-market networking events to educate your partner and customers on how to best leverage Klaviyo products to drive revenue and create long-lasting relationships
Provide feedback to our Product Team that impacts the product roadmap and what we build for our customers
Have a massive impact on revenue targets

Who You Are 

Experience with software subscription  cloud sales models (SaaS), with 1 years of closing experience
Experience running a transactional sales cycle, often times with multiple stakeholders
Strong experience selling and winning against competitors
Experience cross-selling products into an existing set of customers is a plus
Strong analytical skills
Strong organization 
Process driven
Background in marketing automation is considered a plus
Team player, team coaching  building skills
Excellent technical, communication and presentation skills
A results oriented, highly motivated, enthusiastic attitude and the ability to work independently
Decisive, persistent, convincing

LI-HybridThe starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:70,000—70,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.