At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Job Summary:
Klaviyo is looking for a skilled and experienced Corporate Security Engineering Manager to help lead and build a new team focused on safeguarding our digital assets, including SaaS applications, corporate networks, endpoints, and supporting data classification  loss prevention efforts. In this role, you will be responsible for developing and implementing security strategies and practices to protect our organization from evolving cyber threats.
 
DutiesResponsibilities:

Conduct regular security assessments of SaaS platforms, corporate networks, user endpoints, etc. to identify and mitigate security weaknesses.  Partner with Security and Trust, Global Technology Services and Engineering leadership to build roadmap and remediation plans.
Design, implement, and maintain security safeguards for corporate networks, including zero trust deployment, DNS, firewalls, intrusion detection systems (IDS), and network access controls (NAC).
Oversee the deployment and maintenance of corporate security solutions for user and company endpoints (e.g., antivirus, endpoint detection, SWG, SASE, DLP).
Partner with our Security Intelligence Operations team to monitor network traffic for signs of security threats and coordinate incident response when necessary.
Implement data loss prevention (DLP) and classification measures and solutions to prevent unauthorized access and data leakage.

 
Required SkillsAbilities:

Experience writing code in a programming language such as Python, Ruby, Go, etc.
Experience administering cloud-based infrastructure (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure)
Engineering-focused approach to corporate security.
Security architecture, threat modeling, and secure design principle.
Demonstrated skill and judgment in prioritizing, influencing, and driving remediation and risk reduction strategies at scale through complex organizations.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, and an ability to articulate security objectives to a variety of audiences.
Can build understanding and develop sound security strategies amidst ambiguity.
Proven experience in security engineering and management roles, with a strong background in hardening and configuring SaaS applications, network security, endpoint security, and data loss prevention.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:192,000—288,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.