At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.The sales operations team is critical to the overall performance of Klaviyos sales team and you will play an important role in ensuring success. 
As the Senior Manager, Sales Operations EMEA, Youll have an exciting opportunity to influence the trajectory of Klaviyos overall business, with a particular focus on the EMEA region, partner with our sales leaders, and take on an operating role with an exciting and fast growing company that aims to empower creators to own their own destiny. 
You will also play an important role in leading strategic  operational initiatives, both at the global and regional levels, and ultimately help scale our business in an effective way. You will help drive the creation and execution of revenue plans, analyze and share insights on key business trends, and design and measure metrics to enhance overall productivity for the region. 
Were looking for a proactive, independent thinker with deep analytical skills, coupled with the ability to work in a structured manner to thrive in ambiguity. You are not afraid to roll up your sleeves, dig into massive sets of information, and create solutions to problems that have never been tackled before. You are also able to work autonomously, yet collaboratively within a global team.
Whilst you will report to the Sr. Director of Sales Operations, you will work closely with the VP of EMEA Sales who runs the sales org for the region.
How youll make an impact

Partner closely with senior leadership to identify, develop and drive impactful projects that accelerate sales growth and improve sales processes and operations on a global scale.
Analyze sales data and metrics to identify trends, opportunities, and areas for improvement. Provide actionable insights to senior leadership.
Collaborate with sales leadership to create accurate sales forecasts and develop strategies to achieve revenue targets.
Prepare and deliver regular reports and presentations to senior management on sales performance and operations.
Support annual planning and execution including org structure, headcount planning, territory management, and account planning. 
Gather regional requirements and project manage changes to our sales and support technology that result in improvements in sales and support rep productivity
Lead, mentor, and develop a team of sales operations professionals.

What were looking for

You have experience leading a high-performance operations team that helps drive business outcomes.
Strategic, structured thinker. Strong analytical skills and business acumen. Aptitude for framing business questions with data, translating business needs into strategies, and executing tactics and process improvements.
Proven analytical and quantitative skills with a data-driven approach to problem-solving.
Exceptionally strong communication skills. Ability to communicate the right level of information to executives and cross-functional teams at the right cadence.
Team player who understands the collaborative nature of this work with the ability to influence at C-suite level in a cross-functional environment.
You have experience with high function analytics tools, such as Tableau or Looker.
Eligibility to work in the UK without restriction.

Klaviyo in EMEA
As part of the Klaviyo team you will be looked after with some great benefits locally in EMEA including equity for all, private health cover for you and discounted for your household, financial and professional coaching, a generous annual learning allowance (2.5k), 22 weeks full pay primary caregiver leave (16 week secondary) and free books (yes, any books!) to name a few.Get to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.