At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.We are seeking a dynamic Senior Manager of Internal Communications to join our growing team as we scale our communications and digital workplace solutions. This role will work on a small but mighty cross-functional team of brand marketing and people team members to keep Klaviyos informed, aware, and engaged as we build a company culture grounded in our values. The focus of this role will be written communications, strategic all hands work, and employee experience support with some secondary responsibilities in executive and department communications.
How Youll Make a Difference

Strategy: From the best way to get out a specific communication to the cadence and messaging needed to drive it home, this role will work closely to set and drive our overall internal communication strategy globally
Integrated Internal Campaign Management: Ability to build out full internal communication campaign strategy for large-scale engagement campaigns throughout the year, working with key stakeholders and Klaviyos across the business to bring messages to life on a variety of different channels
Relationships: Were looking for an excellent relationship builder, across peers and senior leaders alike, able to build trust, equity, and safety across all spaces we communicate
Innovation: What were doing today isnt what will work tomorrow. Our new team members should come in and challenge the norm on what internal communications can and should be for an engaged, active group of Klaviyos 

Who You Are 

An incredible writer who can paint a clear, concise story with everything from a Slack announcement to a long-form blog 
An excellent communicator, able to distill incredibly complex topics into language a global audience can absorb and action on quickly 
A communications or journalism pro, either with a degree in related subject matter, or years of experience in the field 
Insanely curious, interested in digging into just about any topic to dig into the story with the intention of making it clear for all others who need to hear its message
Exceedingly organized and able to juggle multiple projects at once, ensuring deadlines are met and stakeholders are happy
Process drive and able to make our team better with the structure you bring to the table
Willing to do any job, from rolling up your sleeves to pack boxes to attending a conference in Australia with the CEO, its all in bounds and gets the right candidate excited
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:88,000—132,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.