At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.We love tackling tough engineering problems and look for Engineers who are passionate about building, owning, and scaling features and breaking through any obstacle or technical challenge in their way. We push each other to move out of our comfort zone, learn new technologies and work hard to ensure each day is better than the last.
Klaviyo operates a real-time data platform written in Python and built for massive scale on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Engineers come to Klaviyo with experience in a variety of languages and from a number of disciplines. Klaviyo is growing fast and we have openings for all skill levels across all of our teams. Learn more about our engineering culture at https:klaviyo.tech
Team Overview
The Groups Team is responsible for the segmentation and audience creation functionality in Klaviyo. We process and store all of our customers data about their customers (profiles) and we allow them to group those profiles into audiences with our powerful segmentation engine. They can then send messages to those audiences or use them as a basis for reporting and analytics. We process billions of segment updates in real-time every day.
Responsibilities
As an engineer on this team, you will be responsible for designing, building, and maintaining systems to support core product areas in Klaviyo. You will work with a cross functional team to help design systems, create infrastructure, write high quality code, and operate large scale systems in a production environment.
Team Tech Stack

Python
Django
MySQL
PostgresSQL
Airflow
Spark 
Redis
Kafka
ClickHouse
ZooKeeper

Required Skills

Proficient in using at least one modern programming language
Degree or equivalent experience in a software engineering discipline
Able to communicate well
Able to work with others on a team
Able to learn continuously and adapt to a high growth environment
Able to stick with and solve difficult problems

Preferred Skills

Experience with cloud computing environments, especially AWS
Experience with distributed systems
Experience performance tuning and scaling systems
Experience with SQL databases
Experience using Linux operating systems
Experience with high volume data processing and storage systems

Who You Are

Passionate about building software effectively and for the long-term. Have experience building products that matter. Have proven expertise in applying relevant design patterns to implementing highly-scalable multi-tenant systems.
Like working on small, autonomous agile teams. Enjoy shipping code early and often in an agile fashion, pairing with product management, business stakeholders, and other engineers to craft better software.
Motivated by having ownership and leading others, excited about taking the initiative to solve tasks in collaboration with others. Have experience leading projects and groups of engineers.
Have expertise assessing risks and alternatives. Have solid understanding of prioritizing organizational, technical, and product needs.
Promote shared understanding among leadership and considers others when making decisions. Regularly mentor fellow engineers, ensuring their skill development aligns with organizational growth.
Love digging into performance, scalability, and reliability issues to drive breakthrough solutions. You recognize all problems can be solved and are capable of rallying others to address business needs.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:144,800—217,200 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.