At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Customer Success Managers (CSMs) at Klaviyo are a critical part of our success and the success of our customers. We take the success of our customers incredibly seriously. Our mission is to deliver exceptional assistance to our customers with the highest level of quality in both product knowledge and communication skills, and in the process, consistently meet and exceed customer expectations. We are looking for CSMs who are passionate about partnering with MidMarket and Enterprise brands using Klaviyo to drive revenue and growth. You are passionate about finding creative solutions to unique problems, you thrive in challenging situations and you want to apply these skills to solve for customers using our software.
This is a great opportunity for someone with a passion for customer success, has strong technical skills, and a previous background in email marketing or general strategic marketing solutions. 
How Youll Make a Difference

Be passionate about customer success and establish yourself as the trusted advisor for 40 MidMarket and High Value Klaviyo customers
Strategically consult with these customers to devise strategies to help increase email revenue for all your customers through the Klaviyo platform
Use creative problem solving to help customers reach their business goals and maximize the value they are getting from Klaviyo
Build strong relationships with customers to drive executive stakeholder alignment on both the customer and Klaviyo side
Communicate thoughtfully to provide answers to questions for both technical and non-technical end users while also supporting a wide range of technologies to reach their goals.
Ensuring customer sentiment is strong, serving as an internal advocate for your customers and leading cross-functional efforts to solve for the customer
Contribute to a positive team environment of collaboration, customer empathy, equality and inclusion.

Who You Are

2 years of account management experience with a track record for building and nurturing relationships with multiple stakeholders on an account at a time.
Excellent program management skills, you are able to own customer projects from scoping  planning through to implementation and measuring success 
You are a trusted advisor to your customers, able to assist in prioritizing initiatives based on competing priorities and resources. You can effectively push back and challenge customers, and leverage data to reinforce your recommendations
Excellent communication skills via phone, video conference and email.
Curious and eager to learn
You are adaptable to change and working in a fast paced environment
Experience managing customer relationships through Salesforce, Gainsight or similar CRMs and experience using email marketing platforms and E-Commerce platform
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:76,000—115,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.