At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.
SMS Deliverability is a core pillar to our customers success in delivering the right messages to the right people at the right time. The SMS Deliverability Specialists provide technical deliverability support to our customers by root causing carrier, vendor, and customer issues and providing solutions to support sending best practices. SMS Deliverability Specialists ensure that Klaviyo customers are always up to date with the most recent sending best practices. 
We are looking for an SMS Deliverability Specialist who is excited about providing the best support to customers who are scaling their businesses with Klaviyo by demystifying deliverability and leveraging it as a tool for sustainable growth. 
How Youll Make a Difference:

Establish and maintain documentation such as delivery best practices and troubleshooting playbooks to support customers in running a successful SMS program
Identify and rectify data, process, and technology issues through proactive monitoring of our operations
Provide proactive SMSMMS delivery support to our customers and our internal teams
Assist customers with blockers, complaints, and issues with carriers
Manage SMS partners to achieve timely resolutions for customers
Take an active role in thought leadership through writing blogs, articles, and participating in webinars
Partner with cross-functional teams to improve efficiency, process, and performance to accelerate achievement of Klaviyos business goals

  Who you are

You are curious, willing to dig deep, and have a knack for identifying trends and patterns.
You are a strategic thinker who excels in execution, establishing priorities and meeting swift deadlines in a rapidly changing environment.
You are proactive and self-motivated to identify and solve problems; youre comfortable with a high degree of responsibility and autonomy.
Youre capable of learning quickly and mastering complicated systems and manual processes.
You are persistent in the pursuit of data and answers.
Youre empathetic and customer-first.
Your attention to detail and accuracy is evident in all that you do.
Youre comfortable working independently and with multiple internal teams, as well as buildingmaintaining relationships with cross functional and geographically dispersed teams and vendors.
You are energized by supporting teammates in achieving mutual goals; you have a passion for driving measurable impact in a dynamic environment.
You want to help our Sales, Support and Success teams build the path to scale.
You strive to communicate brilliantly whether its in a meeting, an email, a slide deck, or a spreadsheet.

What you have

2-3 years or equivalent experience in an operations role at a tech company with a technical product, preferably in the CPaaS space
Extensive knowledge of the SMS and MMS deliverability ecosystem and technologies across various sending mechanisms like Alphanumeric Sender IDs, short codes, toll free numbers, etc
Comfort and familiarity with managing projects from start to finish, and driving deliverables from other stakeholders
Excellent communication skills, able to work with, influence and align with multiple stakeholders
A desire to be hands-on in your daily work and drive accuracy through personal performance
Excel expertise (e.g. vlookup, sumifs, table formulas)
Experience modeling complex problems, both conceptually and tactically (spreadsheets, analysis tools, visualization)

What would be a bonus

Technical WritingBlogging and Training Experience
Familiarity with Message APIs and interpreting developer documentation

LI-Hybrid LI-CR1 Boston Denver
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:86,400—129,600 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.