At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo helps companies of all sizes power smarter digital relationships with their customers. With customers across industries, geographies, and sizes, Klaviyo needs specialized product marketers who know each segment inside and out, and can lead the go-to-market strategy for those segments — both the audiences we already work with today, and the ones we will work with in the future.
We are hiring someone to lead the SMB portion of our Segment PMM team. This person will be responsible for developing and executing the go-to-market strategy for our SMB audience and be a key driver of Klaviyos revenue growth in 2024 and beyond.
How youll make a difference:

Developing and executing go-to-market strategies for our SMB segment — including reporting on how were tracking towards goals, determining which levers are most important based on that data, executing on those prioritized opportunities, and evolving the strategy based on market response.
Crafting differentiated and resonant positioning  messaging informed by thorough knowledge of our industry, our customers, and our competitive landscape.
Partnering closely with the SMB sales team to help them surpass their targets — including building out materials like presentations and one-pagers, and enabling the sales team to use them effectively.
Deeply understanding our customers, developing insights on personas, buyer journeys, and ideal customer profiles, and educating the company on those insights.
Supporting the marketing team in reaching and converting our SMB segment effectively — working on integrated campaigns, our website, and our demand generation and content initiatives, as well as developing assets for awareness and conversion.
Gathering feedback from customers, prospects, and partners to inform product strategy, refine messaging, and identify opportunities.
Collaborating with product, customer success, sales, and marketing teams to ensure alignment on priorities, positioning, and messaging.

Who you are:

Proven experience in senior-level product marketing roles, with a track record of success developing and executing go-to-market strategies (ideally with revenue targets associated).
Strong leadership and team management skills, with a history of building and developing high-performing product marketing teams.
7 years of experience in product marketing roles, with at least one role in B2B SaaS. You should know what great looks like, what playbooks to use, and how (and when) to go beyond the traditional playbook.
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to leverage data to inform decisions and measure performance.
Strong strategic skills and a holistic understanding of go-to-market functions. 
Proven ability to build strong cross-functional relationships.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Familiarity with e-commerce, digital marketing, and customer data platforms is a plus.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:148,000—222,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.