At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.The Senior Specialist, Customer Experience Programs, will join our dynamic team monitoring, managing and overseeing customer outcomes and self-service success experience for the post-sale customer journey for our EMEA customers. The primary focus is to ensure that all customers, regardless of size, are surrounded with the right digital and human touchpoints to support successful milestone achievement. This person will partner cross-functionally with Success at Scale, Localisation, Customer Education, Onboarding Specialists, Voice of Customer, Lifecycle Marketing, Product Marketing, Product Management, Design, Operations, and Analytics to build and optimize an orchestrated experience across channels and touchpoints. The Senior Specialist, Customer Experience Programs, will drive EMEA customers in various segments and personas to meaningful behaviours, at scale, that lead to ROI for the customer and retention and expansion outcomes for Klaviyo. Reporting to the Manager of Customer Success At-Scale, you will play a crucial role in enhancing the customer experience and promoting long-term scalable success for our EMEA customer base. 
How Youll Make a Difference

Identify opportunities for both EMEA-specific initiatives and localization of global initiatives through analysis and leading cross-functional programmes with various teams. As this is a unique role there is scope to help define and evolve the process and strategic direction as the team grows.
Act as custodian of the post-sale customer journey and its performance for EMEA customers, as measured by customer outcomes and milestone achievement.
Participate in global Success at Scale strategy and plannings sessions, representing EMEA needs for the global strategic plan; also participate in global governance motions  business reviews
Increase engagement with customer-facing communications by applying region-specific communication best practices - both optimizing global plays and executing on EMEA specific initiatives. 
Develop and implement effective communication programs that guide customers to the most relevant training, learning, and enablement resources, utilizing the appropriate communication channels - leverage internal and external resources in order to facilitate any localisation needs.
Act as the primary point of contact for initiating new communications for EMEA sourced from the CSS team, ensuring alignment with global strategy, documentation, appropriate branding, and approvals.
Deliver business reviews to regularly report on engagement and outcomes of CSS communications, and facilitate communication review sessions owning the EMEA vertical
Identify opportunities for local optimization and AB testing to drive greater EMEA audience engagement from existing global communications, and collaborate with partner teams to execute
Build and maintain insights on how regional personas differ, specifically focusing on how they prefer to communicate and digest information, and apply these learnings to communication assets and programs.
Interpret EMEA customer feedback and customer data to inspire and influence regional and global roadmaps
Identify communications that need to be retired or overhauled based on performance and evolving customer needs within the EMEA market.
Project manage cross-functional stakeholders involved in journey optimization efforts

Who You Are:

5 years of experience as a lifecycle or customer marketer, programme manager, communications specialist or other equitable customer oriented operations or project management roles 
Proven track record in designing and launching programs to positively impact customer outcomes, with an EMEA lens.
Experience working in a matrixed environment where regional teams partner heavily with centralglobal teams to ensure consistent core customer experiences are applied worldwide, with regional adaptations 
Experience coordinating and owning programs across multiple groups and stakeholders, driving results for customers.
Comfortable advocating for the voice of EMEA customers in global audiences.
Demonstrated success in driving engagement through communication programs.
Strong copywriting skills with a keen attention to detail, grammar, tone, and brand experience.
A history of leading cross-functional teams in driving to ambitious outcomes, with demonstrable experience collaborating with Success, Operations, Product and Marketing functions.
Familiarity with best practices across multiple customer communication channels (e.g., email, SMS, in-product, self-servicehelp, social media, community).
Excellent organizational skills and ability to manage communication and content-related processes.
Eligibility to work in the UK without restriction.

Klaviyo in EMEAAs part of the Klaviyo team you will be looked after with some great benefits locally in EMEA including equity for all, private health cover for you and discounted for your household, financial and professional coaching, a generous annual learning allowance (2.5k), 22 weeks full pay primary caregiver leave (16 week secondary) and free books (yes, any books!) to name a few.
LI-HybridGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.