At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.We love tackling tough engineering problems and look for Engineers who specialize in certain areas but are passionate about building, owning  scaling features end to end from scratch and breaking through any obstacle or technical challenge in their way. We push each other to move out of our comfort zone, learn new technologies and work hard to ensure each day is better than the last. Klaviyo operates a real-time data platform built for massive scale on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Engineers come to Klaviyo with experience in a variety of languages and from a number of disciplines.
Klaviyo is growing fast and we have openings for all skill levels across all of our teams. Learn more about our engineering culture at https:klaviyo.tech
Team Overview:
The data platform team facilitates the storage and interactions with billions of data points per day.  These data points power core, Klaviyo functionality and are leveraged by internal application teams to generate data-driven insights for our customers.
Responsibilities:
This team manages the foundation of Klaviyo analytics.  You will have ownership over defining the evolutionary, technical vision of analytical data management at Klaviyo. As a lead engineer on this team, you will be responsible for coaching engineers, managingreviewing technical documentation and articulating a phased approach to achieving the teams overall technical vision.
Team Tech Stack:

Hudi
Clickhouse
MySQL
EMR
Airflow
Parquet
Kubernetes 
Terraform 
Spark
Kafka 
Python

Required Skills:

Bachelors degree or equivalent practical experience
8 years of experience in software development, and strong knowledge of computer science fundamentals
5 years of experience testing, developing, and launching software products, and 3 years of experience with software design and architecture
Hands-on experience designing reliable, fault-tolerant, and high performance distributed systems
Proven ability to come up to speed quickly 
Experience applying multi-dimensional data models to analytical data for optimal storage and retrieval

Star Schema
Snowflake Schema
Data Vault

Knowledge of data algorithms and database internals. Examples include:

Building streambatch processing applications
Understanding of search, range or probabilistic indices
Knowledge of B  LSM Trees

2 years of professional experience using:

Hudi or Delta Lake
Clickhouse, Druid, Pinot or similar.
Cloud-based DFS (eg. AWS S3, Google Storage Buckets, Azure Blob Storage)


Preferred Skills:

3 years of experience in an architectural role leading project teams and setting technical vision
3 years of experience working in an organization involving cross-functional teams
2 years of experience applying multi-dimensional data modeling for optimal storage and retrieval

Star Schema
Snowflake Schema
Data Vault

4 years of experience designing systems leveraging:

Hudi or Delta Lake
Clickhouse, Druid, Pinot or similar.
Cloud-based DFS (eg. AWS S3, Google Storage Buckets, Azure Blob Storage

The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:218,000—291,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.