At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.We have an incredible team at Klaviyo - collaborative, capable, diverse, fun - and we wont settle for less. Were looking for a passionate Workday People Technology Analyst to join our team. This position is a phenomenal opportunity to break into the Workday ecosystem and learn from a group of people technology experts. This role will play a key role in partnering with People Tech team members and stakeholders to enhance our current technology stack while helping to implement new Workday modules, processes and integrate new systems. You will build knowledge in Core HCM, Benefits, Payroll, Talent Management, Compensation, Audit, Reporting, and User Experience.
How Youll Make a Difference

Work cross-functionally to solve problems, help people, and build technology driven solutions. You arent satisfied with taking an ask at face value. You always want to know the desired outcome and will consult to ensure were solving for the business need, not just checking the box. You provide recommendations that balance meeting the business need and creating scalable, best in class technology solutions and experiences.
Partner with HR SMEs, HR Shared Services, and People Technology team members to build and document workflows and procedures for our systems.
Rollout new technology functionality to support new initiatives and projects
Intake, scope, and carryout technology enhancements and changes based on stakeholder requests
Responsible for running quarterly recurring technology cycles and quarterly audit processes
Create quick guides and videos announcing new features to stakeholders and employees
Assist in testing processes from creating test cases, setting up test cases, and testing different personas through the processes
Monitor and recommend changes to improve processes, technology, and data quality.
Responsible for understanding, creating, and implementing end to end technology processes, identifying and closing gaps in processes and dependencies and transforming the technology landscape, specifically utilizing data connections
Uphold excellent time management skills including technical requirements gathering, integration documentation, testing plans, and cut-over plans from a technology perspective and lead stakeholders through these standards

Who You Are 

Motivated and interested in quickly learning and adapting to new processes and technologies
Self-Starter. Willing to take on the tough projects and challenges to grow and develop. 
Intellectually curious. You have strong analytical skills, proven experience understanding and effectively implementing Workday integrations across all Workday modules
Ambitious, creative, radical collaborator, and active listener.  You enjoy building things and continually strive to do things better than the status quo
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, outstanding organizational skills and attention to detail
And a plus if: Understanding of Workday functional modules so that you can create technology connections (including but not limited to: HCM, Talent Management, Benefits, Time Tracking, Absence, Payroll)
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:72,000—108,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.