At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Reporting to the Go-To-Market Compensation Manager, this role manages the administration of incentive compensation programs. This role also provides strategic consultation and recommendations related to the execution and analysis of incentive compensation programs for the sales team, including ICM tool implementationmanagement, cost modeling and trend analysis.
How Youll Make a Difference

Manage the administration of all incentive plans to ensure incentives are paid on time and adhere to design governance and compliance. Oversees calculations for monthly and quarterly commission and accruals, and resolves disputes.
Serves as an SME demonstrating knowledge surrounding Incentive Compensation Management (ICM) systems, including best practices in building and testing.
Guides the ICM tool transition from CaptivateIQ to Xactly, including communicating business requirements, participating in User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and executing the rollout.
Manage ongoing operation of Xactly, including making updates, processing and validating payouts, distributing plan and quota documents, and assisting with configuration changes.
Independently develop process efficiencies to support end to end automation.
Develop cost modeling and scenario analysis by synthesizing information from multiple sources and assist in interpreting findings to help leadership make informed decisions.
Provide the business with data and analytic insights on sales effectiveness and continually enhance dashboard visualizations.
Enable ongoing review, evaluation and modification of new and updated spiffs and contests.
Build and maintain strong collaborative relationships with key business partners within People Operations, Sales Operations, Sales, IT and Treasury.

Who You Are 

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Ability to learn new platforms quickly. 
Quantitatively-oriented, with expertise in building spreadsheets to manipulate data and create solutions. 
Ability to work with minimal oversight, using discretion, experience and data to make strategic recommendations to the business. 
Works in a proactive manner to drive efficiency - eliminating manual processes where possible.
Collaborator and strong communicator - deft at handling delicate matters related to compensation.
Enjoys building and enhancing data visualizations.
Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail.
Excellent at time management with a proven ability to meet deadlines.
Proficient with Google Suite or related software.

Education and Experience

3 years of experience in Sales Compensation, Finance, Business Analysis, or knowledge transferable function.
2 years experience running, designing andor configuring an ICM platform is strongly preferred (Xactly, CaptivateIQ, Varicent, etc.).
Strong Microsoft Excel andor Google sheets skills are required for this role.
Prior experience with Salesforce is recommended.
A Bachelors degree or equivalent is preferred.

hybridThe starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:92,800—139,200 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.