At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo is growing fast and we have openings for all skill levels across all of our teams. Learn more about our engineering culture at https:klaviyo.tech
We love tackling tough engineering problems and look for Engineers who specialize in certain areas but are passionate about building, owning  scaling features end to end from scratch and breaking through any obstacle or technical challenge in their way. We push each other to move out of our comfort zone, learn new technologies and work hard to ensure each day is better than the last.
Klaviyo operates a real-time data platform built for massive scale on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Engineers come to Klaviyo with experience in a variety of languages and from a number of disciplines.
Team Overview:
The Data Management team is responsible for data quality within Klaviyos Data Platform.  The team produces tooling to support the lifecycle of data that lives inside the platform.   These tools provide the ability to repair, delete and recover data along with giving users operational visibility (lineage, correctness, completeness etc) into their underlying datasets.  
Responsibilities:
As an Engineering Manager for the Data Management team, you will be responsible for building a team to fulfill your data management vision and roadmap. You will bring a hands-on attitude and industry expertise to the team; perpetuating a culture of data at scale for our data engineering, application, data science and business intelligence teams.  Youll push the team to focus on the use-cases that enable optimal data quality, and work within your team to ensure the delivery of engineering design, and subsequent execution to get these efforts in the hands of our stakeholders while building towards the targeted vision.
The Data Management team is fundamental in establishing organizational trust and confidence in our data platform.  Youll drive the team to deliver enterprise-level solutions leveraging industry standard practices.  Our developers treat the Data Platform as their trusted partner to enable growth and solve their most critical business problems.
Team Tech Stack: Hudi, EMR,Parquet, Airflow, Kafka, Spark, Kubernetes, Clickhouse, MySQL, Terraform, Python
Required Skills:

Bachelors degree or equivalent practical experience
7 years of experience in software development, and strong knowledge of computer science fundamentals
4 years of experience testing, developing, and launching software products, and 5 years of experience with software design and architecture
2 years of experience in a managerial role leading a project team aligned towards a shared technical vision.
Hands-on experience designing reliable, fault-tolerant, and high performance distributed systems
Proven ability to come up to speed quickly 
Knowledge of data algorithms and database internals. Examples include:

Building streambatch processing applications
Knowledge of B  LSM Trees

2 years of experience working in a big data environment.
4 years of professional experience using:

Airflow, EMR and Apache Spark
Hudi or Delta Lake
Cloud-based DFS (eg. AWS S3, Google Storage Buckets, Azure Blob Storage)


Preferred Skills:

4 years of experience working in an organization involving cross-functional teams
4 years of experience working in a big data environment.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:192,000—288,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.