At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo helps companies of all sizes power smarter digital relationships with their customers. With customers across industries, geographies, and sizes, Klaviyo needs specialized product marketers who know each audience inside and out, and can lead the go-to-market strategy for those audiences— both that we work with today, and the ones we will work with in the future.
We are hiring our first product marketer for EMEA. This person will be responsible for helping develop and execute the go-to-market strategy for our EMEA audiences and be a key driver of Klaviyos revenue growth in 2024 and beyond. Based in the UK, this role will report into the Segment PMM team (primarily in US) and partner extremely closely with the EMEA GTM team.
How youll make a difference:

Developing and executing go-to-market strategies to drive growth in our key geographies in EMEA — including reporting on how were tracking towards goals, determining which levers are most important based on that data, executing on those prioritized opportunities, and evolving the strategy based on market response.
Identifying and acting on key differences between North American and EMEA-based target audiences and competitors.
Crafting differentiated and resonant positioning  messaging informed by thorough knowledge of our industry, our customers, and our competitive landscape.
Partnering closely with the EMEA sales team to help them surpass their targets — including building out materials like presentations and one-pagers, and enabling the sales team to use them effectively.
Deeply understanding our customers, developing insights on personas, buyer journeys, and ideal customer profiles, and educating the company on those insights.
Supporting the EMEA marketing team in reaching and converting our segments effectively — working on integrated campaigns, country-specific websites, and our demand generation and content initiatives, as well as developing assets for awareness and conversion.
Gathering feedback from customers, prospects, and partners to inform product strategy, refine messaging, and identify opportunities.
Collaborating with product, customer success, sales, and marketing teams to ensure alignment on priorities, positioning, and messaging.

Who you are:

7 years of experience in product marketing roles, with at least one role in B2B SaaS. You should know what great looks like, what playbooks to use, and how (and when) to go beyond the traditional playbook.
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to leverage data to inform decisions and measure performance.
Strong strategic skills and a holistic understanding of go-to-market functions. 
Proven ability to build strong cross-functional relationships.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Familiarity with e-commerce, digital marketing, and customer data platforms is a plus.

Why join us:

Were an innovative, mission-oriented, and customer-obsessed company, driving meaningful impact for entrepreneurs and businesses worldwide.
We offer a competitive salary and benefits package — as well as free books, a great learning  development stipend, generous parental leave, and more. 
We have a collaborative and inclusive company culture that values creativity and diversity, and a PMM team that is incredibly tight-knit and supportive. 
Love learning and growing? We do too. We have plentiful opportunities for professional development and career advancement.

Klaviyo in EMEAAs part of the Klaviyo team you will be looked after with some great benefits locally in EMEA including equity for all, private health cover for you and discounted for your household, financial and professional coaching, a generous annual learning allowance (2.5k), 22 weeks full pay primary caregiver leave (16 week secondary), and free books (yes, any books!) to name a few.LI-HybridGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.