At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.The Director of Customer Growth Sales will lead the US Customer Growth sales organization and is responsible for executing its sales strategy for SMS and emerging technologies. This individual will also work with Customer Success, in addition to a dedicated Renewals team, to drive customer retention and expansion. They will also be a liaison between new business sales, marketing, product, and engineering to support and ingrain the short- and long-term needs of the sales organization in terms of emerging technologies.
You will scale and build a high-performance sales organization that reflects Klaviyos core values as well as the sales teams key virtues. This is reflected by leading by example when it comes to: taking data-driven action; being customer obsessed; always learning; being motivated by challenges; operating with integrity and honesty with all internal and external stakeholders; and exhibiting radical candor and extreme ownership. 
How you will make a difference:

Provide day-to-day direction to lead, rapidly scale, and grow a team of US Customer Growth Sales Managers with 20 individual contributors ranging from AEs and Renewals Specialists 
Execute the vision and growth strategy for our US Customer Growth team, from SMB to  MM, and outline a path to deliver exceptional outcomes 
Create detailed plans to deliver on ambitious revenue targets, prioritizing efforts for maximum impact on customer and business expansion outcomes
Set a data-driven operational cadence to create pace in a fast-growth environment
Drive excellence in our sales motions, scaling our messaging and sales mechanics to increase efficiency and productivity
Operate in tandem with cross-functional teams in product, marketing, partnerships, solution architecture, finance, legal and customer success to deliver exceptional end-to-end customer experiences that translates into strong revenue growth and retention
Oversee all US talent management and engagement aspects, in partnership with sales leadership, People Operations and Sales Enablement, to cultivate a culture of inclusivity, resiliency and integrity
Continuously develop sales leadership by always leading from a place of empathy, partnership and expertise
Deliver executive level presentations and business reviews to a variety of audiences cross-functionally and at the C-suite level 
Performs other related duties as assigned.

Who You Are:

4 years of sales management experience, experience at a hyper-growth SaaS company preferred
1 years leading front-line sales managers 
Proven ability to profitably and quickly scale revenue. Experience driving new business, cross-selling to current customers, and driving retention. Previous experience growing revenue quickly at scale a strong plus
A strategic go-to-market operator with an understanding of how to pull growth levers across product, marketing, partners, and success  
Proven ability to build customer empathy and provide input to product development to meet current and future customer needs to stay ahead of competition and expand our technology portfolio
An exceptional leader with an ability to build and inspire high performing teams
Demonstrated success operating in a cross functional environment and delivering outcomes
Analyticalproblem solving data-driven mindset
Strong coaching skills and a growth-mindset that comes from a deep belief in the development of their team
Results oriented, highly motivated, enthusiastic attitude and the ability to work independently
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong leadership and presentation presence to a variety of external and internal stakeholders

LI-HybridThe starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:170,000—170,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.