At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.
Klaviyo has a unique take on the Solution Architect role. While most companies hire SAs to give demos, fill out questionnaires, and explain complicated setups, that makes us yawn. We built a product that anyone can use (just ask our more than 100,000 customers) and we have smart sales reps and customer success colleagues who are true product experts. 
So what do we do? We work directly with a small percentage of prospective customers, alongside our sales  customer success teams, as customer-facing engineers to accelerate complex deals and customer value. We use these engagements as an opportunity to learn, prototype, and ship meaningful improvements to the Klaviyo experience. We look for interesting problems and aim for solutions that are extensible and reusable.
 
A few things our team has recently built as part of sales and customer engagements include: new productized integrations; modular ETL packages; a library of custom functions for importing data via API into Google Sheets; demo environments that continuously receive data in real-time; and an internal app to organize competitive intelligence. In short, we are problem-solvers and builders. We believe easy things should be easy and hard things should be possible. 
 
If youre an entrepreneurial engineer that gets excited by imagining new features, prototyping solutions, and incubating new technologies - all within the context of actual customer engagements - this could be for you. What youll get in return is the opportunity to be part of an extremely high-performing, strategically-important team that works at the exciting intersection of engineering, sales, and customer success.How Youll Make a Difference:

Become a complete expert in the Klaviyo app, from understanding the data pipelines and code base of our integrations to understanding technical tradeoffs between different implementations.
Solve problems manually first and then either automate future solutions andor collaborate with Product and Engineering to proactively improve the Klaviyo product and customer experience over time.
Be the go-to internal technical resource, educating team members as well as prospectscustomers to provide a consistently positive Klaviyo experience.
Develop and maintain personal relationships during engagements across many different customers simultaneously.
Act with urgency and precision to give users best in class support in troubleshooting issues as they arise.
Effectively balance a range of core functions in support of constantly striving to help increase the output and efficiency of Klaviyo.

Who You Are:

4 years of applied experience with web development languages (e.g. HTML, CSS, Javascript) and REST APIs. Ideally this is within a pre-sales type of role and  or working in partnership with client facing teams.
Applied experience with a general-purpose programming language (e.g. Python, Ruby, PHP, etc.).
Proven ability to learn new programming languages and technical concepts.
Highly analytical thought process and are an excellent communicator with the capability to persuade technical stakeholders.
An interest in - and ability to - hustle in a fast-paced environment. Someone who makes and meets commitments.
Full authorisation to work in the UK without any restrictions



Klaviyo in EMEAAs part of the Klaviyo team you will be looked after with some great benefits locally in EMEA including equity for all, private health cover for you and discounted for your household, financial and professional coaching, a generous annual learning allowance (2.5k), 22 weeks full pay primary caregiver leave (16 week secondary), and free books (yes, any books!) to name a few.
LI-Hybrid 
Get to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.