At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.As a Director of Strategic Sales, you will be responsible for hiring, training, coaching, and leading a team of Account Executives that work off of a named account territory.  This teams primary objective is to land and expand a portfolio of key strategic accounts in the upmarket segment. This director will drive sales development, hold direct reports accountable to their KPIs, effectively operate in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment, and provide Senior Sales Leadership with accurate forecasts and any notable updates or learnings from the field.
How youll make a difference:

Recruit, interview, hire, train, and retain top talent
Oversee and inspect the daily workflow of their team in order to promote KPI accountability and identify coaching opportunities
Identify and address gaps in performance or areas for improvement and build strategic coaching plans
Team meetings that motivate and enable the team around key objectives
Provide constructive and timely performance evaluations and career development
Handle disciplinary measures and terminations of employees in accordance with company policy.
Partner with Account Executives on complex deals to navigate any customer negotiations and assist in identifying and navigating any internal approvals and processes via a consultative and value-driven sales process
Work cross functionally with CS leadership, onboarding, marketing and product to continue a proactive approach to our upmarket growth strategy
Collaborate cross functionally to coordinate resources throughout prospecting and sales cycles (i.e., building pipeline via partnerships and business development)
Deliver presentations to a wide audience of potential buyers including C-level executives and executive sponsors, both via in-person and virtual environments.
Maintain accurate Salesforce hygiene and opportunity forecasting 
Work strategically with senior leadership to identify trends, challenges, and areas of opportunity and provide corresponding solution recommendations
Lead by example by reflecting Klaviyos core values and the sales teams tenets in taking data-driven action; being customer obsessed; always learning; being motivated by challenges; operating with integrity and honesty with all internal and external stakeholders; and exhibiting radical candor and extreme ownership 
Performs other related duties as assigned.

Who you are:

Proven track record of both landing and expanding large enterprise andor named accounts with a dedication to delivering results that exceed sales targets
Experience driving sales opportunities that have a high level of complexity requiring legal modifications, RFP and ROI reports, security assessments, and workback plans
A collaborative, critical thinker with a natural sense of curiosity, ambition, and a strong team-oriented approach
Proficient in conducting one-on-one meetings, team gatherings, and maintaining a consistent rhythm of communication with the team
Passionate about fostering sales acumen development
Confident and open to engaging in constructive discussions
Exhibits strong coaching and leadership qualities
Capable of thriving in a fast-paced and occasionally stressful environment
4 years of sales management experience with at least 3 years managing an enterprise or named account team, experience at a hyper-growth SaaS company preferred and MarTech a plus
1 years leading front-line sales managers
Proven track record managing teams closing 500K ARR accounts 
High school diploma or equivalent work experience, a Bachelors degree or above a plus

 
LI-Hybrid LI-JU1The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:170,000—170,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.