At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.The Senior Director of Go-To-Market (GTM) Incentive Design  Strategy will lead the overall design, execution, management, and continuous improvement of our incentive programs across all regions and all Go-to-Market (GTM) and Route-to-Market (RTM) motions.  They will be responsible for ensuring our compensation strategies are competitive, equitable and aligned with the companys strategic goals while driving performance.  They will be expected to partner closely with GTM (Marketing, Sales, Customer Success, and Partners) and cross-functional (Finance, HR, Legal) leadership. 
How You Will Make a Difference:

Lead the GTM organization through the consideration and design of different incentive plans that will drive the right sales and customer success behaviors in alignment with business objectives and financial goals. 
Leverage data and analysis to provide insightful recommendations that will allow the GTM team to refine performance metrics, expectations, and rewards, including MBOs and SPIFFs.
Develop clear and concise communications in partnership with leadership to communicate recommendations to stakeholders and executives in a clear, concise, and impactful way.
Partner with Finance, Total Rewards, and Operations to ensure programs can be operationalized and administered within Klaviyos incentive and human resource management systems in a timely fashion and in alignment with Klaviyos overall compensation philosophy. 
Manage ongoing compensation program activities to meet annual planning timelines and goals.
Be a trusted advisor that can collaborate with relevant regional customer facing leaders, executives and Total Rewards team to design and evolve GTM compensation plans, ensuring alignment with global strategy and local market nuances. 
Collaborate with Finance and Commission Accounting to develop the right financial models to forecast the cost of incentive compensation programs and plan overall design effectiveness.
Establish a GTM Compensation Committee and design an escalation framework to handle any incentive design inquiries from the field. 
Focus on improving standardization, automation, and scalability initiatives to generate a high-level of accuracy and efficiency within our go-to-market compensation programs.
Review, revise, and enforce Go-To-Market compensation terms, conditions, and policies.
Build a GTM incentive design team that can support the evolving needs of the business. 

Who You Are:

10 years of proven Go-To-Market incentive design with Saas business and people management experience.
Experience in compensation plan administration, reporting, and with ICM Systems (Xactly, CaptivateIQ) required.
Excellent analytical and financial skills that can help drive financial modeling and budgeting.
Experience in optimizing commissions operational efficiencies for scale and growth.
Experience consulting on compensation strategy, competitive pay evaluation, payperformance links, incentive program design, mergers and acquisitions, etc.
Proven track record of implementing creative compensation programs that align the broader employee population and senior management with shareholder value and drive achievement of strategic objectives.
Ability to partner with senior leadership and manage multiple stakeholders within multiple GTM teams.
Ability to break down complex problems and make easily-digestible recommendations through written communications and presentations.
Comfort with a fast-paced, dynamic environment combined with the ability to meet multiple deadlines.
Strategic mindset and ability to translate GTM strategy into reward initiatives.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:244,000—366,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.