At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo is seeking a Manager, Analytics  Insights with a proven track record of developing and delivering advanced analytics and decision making. This position comes with a charter to build and grow a lean but efficient Sales Analytics team.
In this role, you will be driving the development and tracking of critical KPIs needed to support our fast growing sales team. Your work will drive performance improvement, contribute to strategic and operational planning, and provide insights and recommendations that will support key decisions at various levels of the Sales function. This position has high-visibility and will be expected to present to company leadership on key initiatives.
You will collaborate closely with the Finance team to build best-in-class data assets and processes to drive investments. You will also partner with Sales Strategy  Planning and Business Systems to own, improve, and maintain all sales data infrastructure, including compensation, metrics, and ad-hoc reporting and analysis.
How Youll Make a Difference

Collaborate closely with functional leaders to understand their needs, prioritize projects, use the best methods to analyze data, draw insight from analysis, and then zoom out to develop compelling, synthesized recommendations and communicate findings to key stakeholders.
Provide subject matter expertise to assist in metric definition and right KPIs to measure performance and plan for future.
Own and track corporate and functional metrics for Sales, including the market opportunity, funnel dynamics, conversion rates, sales production, pricingdiscounts, and account growth.
Collaborate with our Sales Operations and Business Systems teams to improve data collectionacquisition processes and build tools to make data access, extraction, and analysis more efficient.
Build and grow relationships with internal teams to proactively identify business needs and address them using data-backed approaches.

Who You Are

6 years Analytics or Business Intelligence experience supporting Sales or Marketing organizations; high growth SaaS experience highly preferred. (Strategy consulting a plus) 2 years of people management experience.
Advanced knowledge of SQL, Excel, and industry leading CRM systems, and have builtmanaged dashboard suites in tools like Tableau or Looker.
Proven analytical and quantitative skills with a data-driven approach to problem-solving.
Excellent communication and presentation skills and proven ability to translate data into actionable insights.
Team player who understands the collaborative nature of this work with the ability to influence at C-suite level in a cross-functional environment.

LI-Hybrid 
LI-DeeThe starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:124,000—186,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.