At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.About the Team:
At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying.
Klaviyo is looking for a Real Time Analyst to join our growing Customer Success Operations team. In this role, you will report to the Manager of Customer Success Operations and partner closely with Support management and leadership to identify and execute on areas of opportunity to improve operational efficiency and deliver outstanding customer experiences. The ideal candidate is detail oriented, collaborative, intellectually curious, and proactive in seeking solutions to problems they identify.
About the role:
As a Real Time Analyst you will work closely with other members of the team to ensure daily and weekly performance of our support teams are meeting expectations both in terms of operational efficiency and our service levels. As the team continues to grow you will partner with other planning analysts to incorporate historical business performance into our forecast and headcount models to improve accuracy as well as develop workflows to automate ongoing monitoring of business performance.
To note: This job requires you to work from 7am to 3pm UK time with an hour for lunch. This helps with our global coverage model for clients. 
How youll have an impact:

Develop, implement, document and train on repeatable processes to track and monitor the performance of the business against model assumptions and business goals
Identify and take action in partnership with Support leadership to drive alignment of daily operations to established business rules and processes
Make strategic recommendations to adjust business plans to best meet customer need given real time information and real world constraints
Identify periods that our teams are likely to be over or under staffed and deliver plans and recommendations to address these gaps proactively
Document and train on implemented standards and processes to other planning and functional analysts that support relevant business groups
Partner closely with Customer Success  Support leadership on identification, design, implementation, and testing of processes to improve business and customer outcomes
Collaborate with functional counterparts and cross-functional teams across disciplines such as Sales Operations, Product, Business Intelligence, Finance and People Ops

What were looking for:

Strong Excel skills and strong mathematical background
Individual that thrives given well defined objectives and processes
Is excited to approach new problems and does so with an analytical mindset
Candidate that demonstrates strong communication skills in individual and group settings
Individual accountability and organizational skills are critical for this role
Desire and interest to learn both SQL and Python
2-3 Years of experience working in or supporting Contact or Support Center
Eligibility to work in the UK without restriction

Nice to have:

Familiarity with SQL for querying of data

Klaviyo in EMEAAs part of the Klaviyo team you will be looked after with some great benefits locally in EMEA including equity for all, private health cover for you and discounted for your household, financial and professional coaching, a generous annual learning allowance (2.5k), 22 weeks full pay primary caregiver leave (16 week secondary), and free books (yes, any books!) to name a few.
LI-Hybrid Get to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.