At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Why You Should Join the Reviews Team 
Reviews is a new offering at Klaviyo that provides our customers with the ability to record product reviews on their ecommerce store. Our reviews offering allows for easy installation, integrates seamlessly with the rest of the product and an easy to use onsite experience that enables our customers to record reviews on their products. As we have recently launched were looking to build on the momentum and expand our offering quickly. We are looking for someone who can iterate quickly and enjoys working on a fast paced team. 
How You Will Make a Difference:

You will be a core member of the reviews team, working on impactful customer facing features that will make our product the best in the industry 
You will work on reviews recording which will be displayed both on the customers website and within the product
You will work on high scale systems responsible for serving our reviews product efficiently on our customers websites
You will work closely Product, Design, and Data Science to provide the best experience for our customers

Who You Are: 

Thrives in a startupentrepreneurial type environment that is fast paced, customer focused, and strategic.
Experienced in technical leadership and seeing large projects through to completion.
Have a strong background in full stack software engineering with experience building and improving products
Skilled at reading and understanding code, across a variety of codebases.
Enjoy working with new technologies ranging from the frontend to backend, and are particularly passionate and an expert in multiple stack areas. You show this by having strong and opinionated experience with various technologies and know how to pick the right tool for any job.
Have worked in a cross team capacity with multiple stakeholders while driving decisions to technical completion.

Technologies we use (not exhaustive):

HTML, TypeScript, JavaScript, React, Backbone.js
Python, Django, Celery
MySQL, Cassandra, RabbitMQ, Redis
Amazon Web Services (EC2, RDS, Aurora, etc.), Terraform, Ansible, Packer, and other DevOps tools

About Klaviyo
Klaviyo is a world-leading marketing automation platform dedicated to accelerating revenue and customer connection for online businesses using the channels they own like email, web and mobile. Enabling brands to leverage these owned marketing channels, Klaviyo makes it easy to store, access, analyze and use transactional and behavioral data to power highly-targeted customer and prospect communications. The companys hybrid customer-data and marketing-platform model allows companies to grow by fostering direct, high-fidelity relationships with customers, without giving up their valuable data to Facebook or Amazon. In 2020, Klaviyo reached coveted unicorn status with a robust Series C of 200m at 4.15B valuation. Innovative companies like Unilever, Custom Ink, and Huckberry sell more with Klaviyo. Learn more at www.klaviyo.com. 
Klaviyo does not tolerate and prohibits discrimination, harassment or retaliation of or against job applicants, contractors, interns, volunteers or employees by another employee, supervisor, vendor, customer or any third party.
Questions or Suggestions: talentopsklaviyo.com The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:156,800—235,200 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.