At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.As a Sr. Software Engineer joining the API team you can expect to be deeply involved in technical discussions across teams, building out public APIs, and growing the team. You will have input into the teams mission, goals, and roadmap while collaborating along-side technical product owners, product managers, and product analysts. Together, youll define scope and specifications of new APIs and lead the implementation of these APIs. Youll also be a key player in helping drive the narrative for the technical evolution of the overall public API space as we invest in both our current and future experiences.
The API team is responsible for expanding our API surface to enable Klaviyos customers and partners to build on top of Klaviyo. Klaviyo already has APIs for storing data and sending communications, primarily for e-commerce applications, but were just getting started! Were looking to expand our API surface to provide external developers the tools they need to solve core use cases. 
This new role within Klaviyo has resulted from growth and there are ample opportunities to advance given the scope of this position and the teams central role in Klaviyos product. In 2022, Klaviyo did a major overhaul of its API foundation to align to industry standards for REST, rate-limiting, and authorization scopes. Learn more here!
How You Will Make a Difference:

Meet and work with a number of engineers across the company to expand our API surface across Klaviyos various product areas. 
Open up clearly-defined services through our public APIs so that developers can access these objects programmatically.
Build upon and enhance Klaviyos API framework foundation. This includes features such as framework support for pagination, improvements to versioning, observability, documentation, etc.
Participate in the cross-team API Review Council (ARC) to review teams API RFCs as well as make decisions on API standards. This team will be responsible for building tools and frameworks recommended by the ARC.
Partner with our Go-to-Market team (solution architects, support engineers, developer advocates) to better understand issues developers are facing with our APIs to design and build solutions.

Technologies We Use (No Experience Necessary):
We currently use the list of technologies below but are always looking to find the best tools for the jobs that help our customers (and very open to adding technologies given the right circumstances). We dont expect you to have any experience in the tools below and we will provide whatever training you need to level up and succeed!
Our current tech stack:

Django, React
RabbitMQ, Celery, Kafka, Pulsar
MySQL, Redis, Memcached, Clickhouse
AWS (EC2, RDS, Aurora, S3, etc.), Kubernetes, Terraform, Jenkins

Who You Are:

Extensive experience architecting, building and using a wide variety of public APIs
Solid understanding of the full stack of technologies that are needed to build and run an API from the ground up
Bachelors degree or equivalent practical experience
5 years of software engineering experience
Experience debugging performance issues and improving application performance
Proven experience with being a coach and a mentor for team members and helping them grow

Bonus Points:  

Experience with AWS
Experience with Python and Django
Experience creating new applications with scalability in mind
Experience working with both monolithic and microservices architectures
Hands-on experience designing reliable, fault-tolerant, and high performance distributed systems
Track record of working on high visibility projects with requirements you have to actively seek out. Desire to be judged on measurable outcomes and change process to achieve those outcomes
Experience talking to customers and listening deeply to their wants and needs
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:156,800—235,200 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.