At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Event registration via Eventbrite
Are you looking to change industries and find your first sales role? Have some sales experience and are motivated to help small businesses? Come meet our sales team! At Klaviyo, were all about ownership. We enable our customers to take ownership of their growth by controlling the entire customer experience. Similarly, we encourage our employees (and future Klaviyos) to take ownership of their careers.
Klaviyo is hosting an Own Your Sales Career (Open House) on Tuesday, October 17th from 5:30-7:30pm. This is a free, open networking, event focused on hiring Business Development Representatives. Come grab a drink and snack in our space, network with sales reps and leaders, and hear from a panel from 6:00 - 6:30pm. Our panelists include:

Alexis Caso, Director, Business Development
Ryan Meadows, VP of Global Sales

Location: Klaviyo, Summer Street, Boston, MA, USA
Current open positions:

Outbound Business Development representatives

Future Openings:

Inbound Business Development Representative

Event Registration: bit.ly3LodZxg
Looking forward to meeting you on the 17th!
Please note that this event is 21.
LI-HybridThe starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:24.04—24.04 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.