At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.As a Manager of Developer Education you will lead Klaviyos developer documentation team and be responsible for interviewing, hiring, training, coaching, and leading a team of new and established developer content creators in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment. You will work closely with Customer Education Managers and the Senior Director of Customer Education  Community to help build a highly successful team that is able to propel Klaviyos business goal to create a delightful, frictionless experience for developers using Klaviyo. As part of our results-driven organization, you will be responsible for creating educational experiences in a variety of mediums that drive developer adoption and retention, and create Klaviyo advocates in a global community of developers.
How Youll Make a Difference

Lead the team of technical writers responsible for creating and maintaining all developer documentation primarily hosted on developers.klaviyo.com. 
Influence a matrixed team of developer education professionals within the broader customer education and community team to build the content strategy and cross-functional learning experiences to help developers unlock the power of Klaviyo.
Drive the performance of our developer resources through a variety of mediums including documentation, courses, certificates, webinars, short-form videos, in-person training, etc. 
Build scalable processes to enable a team of content creators to work fast, flexibly, and efficiently.
Leverage data to garner buy-in from stakeholders and delegate projects and responsibilities within Klaviyo as necessary to achieve key objectives.        
Create a cohesive experience for developers across all education platforms, including Developer Portal,  Klaviyo Academy, Partner Academy, Community forum, live training events, and within the Klaviyo product.
Work collaboratively with product management, marketing, support, and customer education leaders to identify operational improvements and create solutions that support diverse developer segments and needs.  
Create results-oriented learning experiences that drive API adoption, growth, and impact while maintaining high user satisfaction within the developer ecosystem.   Work as an advocate and evangelist for developers internally to drive efficiency, adoption of resources, and are able to scale how we work with developers globally.  
Manage day-to-day operations, data analysis, goal setting, career development, performance management, and process improvement of your team.
Manage a team of 3-10 to direct reports.
Recruit, interview, hire, and train new team members.
Serve as a coach and a leader, helping to develop the skills of your individual contributors so they are able to achieve their career goals.
Proactively (and collaboratively) remove roadblocks getting in the way of others.
Assess developer sentiment for your team, discovering trends to improve or capitalize on to improve outcomes.
Be a leader in the company, with an excellent attitude that inspires others to do their best work.

Who You Are

3 years managing at least 3 team members or team leads for a high growth SaaS company
Experience leading or working closely with a technical documentation team
Experience creating content for a technical audience
Experience with API documentation and using APIs
Experience developing and maintaining an information architecture
Experience with Javascript, Python, and Git a plus
Adaptable, self-motivated, and eager to help shape a fast-growing area of the business
Passionate about creating world class training content and experience building developer education programs 
A track record working creatively, problem-solving, and collaborating with Support, Product, and Marketing to create an exceptional customer experience
Responsible for measuring efficacy of team output against business goals 
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:116,000—174,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.