At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo is looking for a Senior Security Engineer to add to our growing Security Intelligence Operations Team. This is a hands-on role that involves responding to cyber threats and incidents, performing digital forensics and investigations, and automating threat response playbooks. As a member of the team, you will have the opportunity to work on complex security challenges and work with engineers across the enterprise to improve security posture of Klaviyos Corporate and Cloud environments. 
What youll be doing

Triage and respond to alerts, cyber threats and incidents 
Drive end-to-end incident response investigations
Perform host and network based log analysis in a cloud first environment
Serve as the incident commander during incidents as needed
Develop and codify threat response processes and playbooks
Perform digital forensic investigations to include analysis, collection, and preservation of evidence
Build security tools to automate threat response tasks
Develop detailed post incident and investigation reports
Solution complex challenges and work on projects centered around security operations
Collaborate with detection engineers to identify threat detection use cases 
Work with engineering stakeholders to improve security posture post investigations
Coach and mentor junior team members within the detection  response team

Wed love to hear from you if you have:

Experience in triaging and responding to alerts, cyber threats and incidents
Experience in log analysis, incident response andor digital forensics
Experience with SIEM and centralized logging (e.g., Splunk)
Experience with Security Orchestration, Automation, and Response (SOAR)
Experience securing cloud environments such as AWS, GCP, andor Azure
Experience leveraging programming languages to automate or build features (e.g., Python, Go andor Ruby)
Understand techniques, tools and procedures used by threat actors 
Strong fundamentals of linux and macOS
Automation-first approach for all work performed
Strong oral and written communication skills
Team player with a strong self-managing work ethic
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:144,800—217,200 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.