At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.The Partnerships team mission is to help drive Klaviyos Owned Marketing vision forward by building  deepening relationships with the best advisory firms and technology companies in the world.  Our marketing agency and system integrator partners are trusted advisors to high growth brands of all sizes and around the world. In turn, these partners rely on Klaviyo to help them deliver exceptional experiences to these brands--whether through direct referrals or through close collaboration with Klaviyo on the brands use of Klaviyo software.
The Partner Development Representative plays a crucial role on the front lines in supporting our agency partnerships by delivering an exceptional experience for existing partners. The PDR will properly qualify and learn about referrals that our agency partners are providing, looping in the sales team when appropriate. They will be focused on activating inactive agencies, with a mindset for finding the diamonds in the rough within our longtail of partners. The PDR will focus on the foundational elements of our partner program, while providing a top notch experience for our partner ecosystem.
On the Partnerships team we pride ourselves on accountability, effort and working collaboratively to create positive outcomes across sales, marketing, and success.  We understand that these values are essential to meeting goals and exceeding expectations for our partners.
This is the perfect role if youre looking to kick-start a partnerships sales career with a hyper-growth SaaS company that offers a diverse and inclusive environment. This is a sales role where youll build very long-term relationships with our Partners enabling them to grow and be successful with Klaviyo. Youll be someone who is a strong networker and relationship builder, a collaborator!
How you will make a difference:

Generate meetings for the sales team through the rapid response to and qualification of inbound leads from our partners
Learn to effectively identify qualified leads, articulate Klaviyos value proposition, and route opportunities properly to the direct sales team
Triage emails sent to our general partner email alias
Identify high-potential inactive partners and make a best effort to activate them through engagement
Provide guidance and support to our existing partner network
Collaborate with other members of the partnerships team to best support partners in your book of business
Partner closely with the direct sales team to ensure an exceptional partner experience

Who you are:

Ability to demonstrate your strong appetite for a career in sales. A bonus if you have some prior experience working in a high-volume and high-velocity sales partnership sales role and if at a MarTech SaaS company too
Highly adept at influencing and relationship building
Bring your thinking, strategies, and ideas to advance our companys values, unique culture, and vision for the future
Are curious, organized, engaging, and energetic
Are excited to be a part of and have an impact on a rapidly-growing, profitable scale-up
Have a positive outlook, can-do attitude, and love helping to build and improve things
Excellent organizational skills 
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:21.15—31.73 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.