At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.As the first point of contact in the prospective partner experience, you are on the front-lines. We consider the POBDR role essential to the success of our business as your contribution to the sales and marketing feedback loop significantly influences our go-to-market strategy. We pride ourselves on accountability, effort and working collaboratively to create positive outcomes. We understand that these values are essential to meeting goals and exceeding expectations.
How You Will Make A Difference:

Identify high potential agencies who can benefit from Klaviyos Partner Program, and whose clients can benefit from Klaviyos product
Partner closely with experienced SMB and Mid-Market Partner Managers to come up with and execute on effective prospecting strategies to generate opportunities with new potential agency partners
Prioritize existing prospect list in order to reach out to highest potential agencies with ideal-fit employee count, client type, platform alliances
Develop, test and iterate messaging across multiple channels, industries and personas 
Contribute learnings and best practices to the Outbound process and team members to support the success of your peers 
Be a self starter who leads the way and sets a high standard with agency outbound prospecting

Who You Are:

Located in the Boston or Denver area
Have 1 years of work experience, preferably in an inbound or outbound BDR role at another marketing technology company
Continually seek improvement and are rigorous in your pursuit of it
Are excited, motivated, and inspired by exceeding goals
Are thoughtful, engaging, energetic, and self-aware
Have experience working in a fast-paced environment
Focus on details, are a self-starter, and are relentless but professional
Have excellent writtenverbal communication skillsCR1 Boston Hybrid
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:24.04—24.04 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.