At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo is looking for a Senior Manager of Business Operations to help shape an emerging team at a rapidly growing company. The teams primary focus is to ensure that cross-functional work at Klaviyo is done efficiently and effectively. Your responsibilities will include helping Klaviyo align on company-wide strategies, translating strategy into action, gathering data and determining optimal success metrics, communicating leadership decisions throughout the company, and improving key cross-term processes. If you are intellectually curious with a proven track record delivering on strategic business initiatives, driving program management and communicating cross-functional objectives, this is a role where you can have a major impact.
How you will make a difference:

Gather, prioritize and structure critical information for the leadership team to assist with effective decision making.
Oversee strategic business initiatives from development through execution under the guidance of functional leaders.
Assist in the communication process between the leadership team and the rest of the company.
Ensure that strategic operational priorities are linked to planning and execution. Provide frequent visibility to the leadership team regarding progress towards OKRs.
Collaborate with functional teams on metric selection and goal setting for important success measures.
Own the execution of the tactical operational mechanics including executive meetings, offsites, and all-hands meetings. Create agendas, deliver pre-reads and ensure follow-up on action items.
Extract meaningful insights from analytical research and convert them into actionable business proposals.
Engage with key business stakeholders to improve our best practices, lean process flow and patterns of behavior.
Lead processes to analyze and make proposals on key strategic initiatives to functional and company leaders.

Who you are:

You have worked in a business operations or analytics role for 8 years professionally, including 3 years in high tech (preferably SaaS environments).
You have a track record of success in project management roles within fast-paced growth environments.
You are an alumni of a top-tier strategic consulting firm where you honed strong critical thinking skills and gained experience working with senior business decision makers.
You are able to shape end-to-end business programs with articulated missions, charters, performance criteria, and stakeholder buy-in.
You are a self-starter, motivated by continuously solving hard problems.
You are adaptable, intellectually curious and ready to embrace change in dynamic environments.
You are confident in modeling business scenarios using Google Suite and other tools.
You possess strong SQL skills for data collection and analysis.
You are strong at driving alignment, managing time, and managing priorities.
You are experienced at managing business rhythms in an agile SaaS environment.
You are a great communicator and negotiator able to develop shared perspectives.
You are able to drive results through indirect influence.
You are passionate about customers experience in e-commerce.
You have a Bachelors degree (Masters degree preferred).
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:144,000—216,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.