At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.As the first point of contact in the sales cycle, you are on the front lines. We consider oBDR role essential to the success of our business as your contribution to the sales and marketing feedback loop significantly influences our go-to-market strategy. We pride ourselves on accountability, effort and working collaboratively to create positive outcomes. We understand that these values are essential to meeting goals and exceeding expectations.
How You Will Make A Difference:

Identify high potential companies who can benefit from Klaviyos solution
Partner closely with experienced SMB and Mid-Market Account Executives to come up with and execute on effective prospecting strategies to generate opportunities
Develop, test and iterate messaging across multiple channels, industries and personas 
Contribute learnings and best practices to the Outbound process and team members to support  the success of your peers 
Reflect Klaviyos values of accountability and effort

Who You Are:

Have 1 years of work experience in a SaaS inbound or outbound BDR role, preferably at another marketing technology company
Continually seek improvement and are rigorous in your pursuit of it
Are excited, motivated, and inspired by exceeding goals
Are thoughtful, engaging, energetic, and self-aware
Have experience working in a fast-paced environment
Focus on details, are a self-starter, and are relentless but professional
Have excellent writtenverbal communication skills
Fluent in written and spoken French

Requirements:

Full authorisation to work in the UK without any restrictions

Klaviyo in EMEA : As part of the Klaviyo team you will be looked after with some great benefits locally in EMEA including equity for all, private health cover for you and discounted for your household, financial and professional coaching, a generous annual learning allowance (2.5k), 22 weeks full pay primary care giver leave (16 week secondary) and free books (yes, any books!) to name a few.
LI-Hybrid LI-ME1Get to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.