At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Onboarding Specialists play a key role in setting up our customers for long-term success with Klaviyo. Our Onboarding Specialists are the first point of contact for new customers, guiding them through their first 60 to 90 days to ensure a successful implementation of the Klaviyo platform, delivering fast time to value and a solid foundation upon which to build their marketing and growth strategy. This includes designing customer implementation plans, providing proactive, 1:1 support that is critical to driving strong product adoption, eliminating friction for our user base, and establishing long-lasting relationships with our customers.
DutiesResponsibilities:

Own customer relationships from post-sale through successful go live in the first 60 to 90 days, onboarding multiple new clients at a time to set them up for long-term success 
Develop implementation project plan to help customers build out their initial use cases and achieve their immediate business goals, tracking progress and holding customer and internal stakeholders accountable to meeting key onboarding milestones
Advise customers on best practices to achieve fast time-to-value, including guidance on product set-up and configuration, testing, and performance analysis 
Provide support and strategic advice on both technical and non-technical related questions (e.g: deliverability, marketing, sales, setup questions) 
Proactively monitor customer dashboards and onboarding success metrics to identify at-risk accounts and prioritize engagement across customer portfolio
Address any open issues and retention risk through creative problem solving, and act as a point of escalation facilitating action planning and resolution across teams (e.g., Support, Sales)

Required SkillsAbilities:

Excellent organizational and project management skills with track record of driving outcomes on time
Strong analytical and creative problem solving skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills via phone, video conference, and email, with demonstrated ability to make recommendations and persuade stakeholders
Excellent interpersonal skills with ability to manage customer expectations and relationships
Excellent time management skills with a proven ability to prioritize tasks and meet deadlines
Ability to identify and mitigate risk
Comfortable developing technical knowledge with demonstrated ability to learn and adapt to evolving technology
Thrives in a collaborative, fast-paced, and quickly changing environment
Proficient with: Microsoft Office Suite, G-Suite, Google Sheets, PowerPoint

Education and Experience:

Fluent in English and German (spoken and written)
2-3 years of customer success or customer onboarding  implementation experience with a track record for building and nurturing relationships across multiple accounts at a time
Experience understanding customer goals and explaining how to reach key objectives using software 
Experience managing customer relationships through Salesforce, Gainsight, or similar CRMs
Experience in marketing technology and advising customers on marketing strategy a plus
Experience using email marketing platforms and E-Commerce platforms a plus


At Klaviyo we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying.


Klaviyo in EMEA : As part of the Klaviyo team you will be looked after with some great benefits locally in EMEA including equity for all, private health cover for you and discounted for your household, financial and professional coaching, a generous annual learning allowance (2.5k), 22 weeks full pay primary care giver leave (16 week secondary) and free books (yes, any books!) to name a few.
LI-Hybrid LI-ME1
Get to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.