At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Here at Klaviyo, we are proud of our data and our goal is to harness that wealth of numbers and present them to our customers in a way that is actionable, intuitive, and accessible. Klaviyos UX Design Team is made up of Product Designers, Researchers, Content Strategists, and Design Systems specialists. We are a collaborative group and take a human-centered approach to everything that we do. Please note that this role is located in Boston and requires a hybrid onsite component. 
About the role:
We are looking for a Director of Design to support our Intelligence Pillar. This pillar provides flexible tools for our customers to leverage data to understand their marketing, target their customers, and gain support in deciding what to do next considering best practices. This role requires a passion for working with data and creating products informed by machine learning. You will lead and grow a team of product designers and work with multiple product groups that are tasked with helping customers utilize their own data and predict growth. Key parts of this role will be coordinating effectively with other product groups in other pillars to make sure the learnings and frameworks developed within the Intelligence pillar are pervasive and scalable across the Klaviyo app.
Were seeking an established and dynamic leader focused on strategic product vision, design talent growth, and coordinating teams to execute for impact at scale across the Data, Machine learning and Artificial Intelligence Platform. You will work in close partnership with leaders in Design, Product, Engineering and Data Science to solve challenging problems, achieve scalable results, and deliver innovative, experience-led product strategies. 
How youll have an impact:

You will provide tools that leverage Klaviyo data so customers can better target their users, understand performance, and gain insight into what to start, stop or continue doing to optimize results.
You will provide predictions and personalized suggestions that enable our customers to make more data-driven marketing decisions. 
You will build and manage a talented, diverse and inclusive team of product designers and leaders that consistently deliver on projects and are well-balanced across a range of design skill sets.
You will coach your design team through discovery, synthesis, ideation, design, and testing of new products and features.
You will work together with your product partners in data science, UX research, engineering, content design, and other disciplines to define the strategy, operations, and communications that guide the team to build great products addressing real user needs.

What youll need: 

10 years of experience in designing and building user-facing digital products at scale.
5 years of leadership experience, including hiring and developing managers and individual contributors.
Youre a hands-on leader with the ability to take ownership and work collaboratively in leading multiple work streams and design initiatives.
You have experience working with big data and creating products informed by machine learning outputs
You are comfortable navigating through ambiguous problem spaces in pursuit of clarity and concrete outcomes
You have experience with data visualization and have a passion for telling stories through data.
A portfolio that demonstrates a relentless focus on the user, a keen eye for detail and your leadership approach.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:228,000—342,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.