At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo is looking for a Lead HR Business Partner to join our People team. This role will support our GA functions and will partner closely across People (HRBPs, Talent Acquisition and the Centers of Expertise) to drive strategic people initiatives and performance and talent management activities to build organizational capability.
This role will be embedded with the business and will work closely with the leadership teams on all organizational and people related matters.  We are looking for a strategic and empathetic partner who will act as a sounding board and thought leader, coach senior leaders, managers and employees, and become a trusted advisor to the business. In partnership with each leadership team, this individual will be aligning the HR strategy to business objectives, ensuring the team is structured optimally, supporting employee development, and planningexecuting strategic HR initiatives. This person will be an expert at driving large-scale change management in a fast-paced, high-growth environment.
How youll make a difference:

Provides strategic HR business partnership and coaching to leaders to impact the engagement, development, and retention of talent
Identifies organizational gaps, and deploys impactful people strategies that enable the teams to perform effectively, and scale efficiently
In partnership with the Talent Management COE, supports the creation, launch, and execution of all Talent Management initiatives such as performance reviews, succession planning, and organizational design
In partnership with the Equity, Diversity,  Inclusion team, serves as an advocate, coach, and facilitator for building diverse and inclusive teams
Utilizes data to derive insights on people trends to recommend, implement, and manage projects and programs, partnering with People Analytics where necessary
Supports all employees and addresses needs and concerns when any issues arise
Provides counsel and guidance on complex employee relations situations
Collaborates with the HRBP team to build and implement programs and initiatives across client organizations 
Partners across People teams within People Operations, People Technology, Talent Acquisition, Talent Management, Learning  Development, Compensation, and EDI, to support and deploy programs throughout the organization

Who you are:

BABS degree in Human Resources or related field
8 years of HRBP experience, ideally with direct experience supporting GA functions (Finance, People, Legal, Information Security andor Global Technology functions)
Experience leading or mentoring junior HR Business Partners
Extensive experience partnering with executive leaders in a business line or function; playing a key role in accelerating business results.
Experience influencing and advising leaders on talent and employment situations
Experience coaching teams and leaders at all levels of the organization on personal and team development
Strong analytic skills with the ability to draw insights and influence data-driven decisions
Excellent leadership, communication, listening, and presentation skills
Highly organized, detail-oriented, and a self-starter
Demonstrated ability to take initiative and manage multiple, complex, competing priorities
Proven ability to influence and drive change management in a rapidly scaling environment and building this capability in others
Expertise navigating within ambiguous situations, with high levels of autonomy
Experience identifying, designing, and deploying HR interventions within the business
Demonstrated experience and a passion for strong collaboration with others (People team COEs, cross-functional partners, HRBP peers, etc.) to build world class teams
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:156,000—234,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.