At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) is what you get when you treat system operations as a software engineering problem. The mission of the Site Reliability Engineering group is to provide services, tooling, and guidance to Klaviyos product engineers to make them more productive and ensure their services are sufficiently reliable, scalable, and secure.
The Platform Infrastructure team provides engineers at Klaviyo with infrastructure, tooling and a platform that allows them to run their applications, optimize their workloads, and make data-driven decisions about their systems.  Our team is responsible for the lifecycle and provisioning process of Klaviyos infrastructure; the developer platform on which code at Klaviyo is deployed; and the monitoring, alerting and metrics that help engineers keep their applications stable and performant.
How Youll Make a Difference

Manage 3-6 Site Reliability Engineers in Klaviyos Boston office and remotely.
Help individuals on your team develop and execute SMART goals and personal development plans that align with Klaviyos goals and objectives, and understand how their work fits into the bigger picture.
Interview, hire, and level up the Velocity Engineering team.
Work with the team on project planning and defining milestones, identifying dependencies, and meeting business goals.
Participate in deep system design and implementation discussions within your team and across partner teams to ensure that were building the right systems and keeping quality high.
Level up the team through hands-on coaching and individual contribution. This includes pairing with direct reports to design, write, and deliver software to improve the scalability, reliability, and security of Klaviyos systems.
Iterate and improve upon engineering-wide processes like recruiting, onboarding, performance management, communication, and Agile software development.

Who You Are

Successfully led and delivered infrastructure projects spanning multiple quarters and involving input from multiple external stakeholders.
Experience coaching and growing Site Reliability Engineers.
Experience developing and rolling out engineering-wide processes.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:192,000—288,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.