At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Location: London, UK (Hybrid - 2 days pw)
Account Executives at Klaviyo are given a tremendous opportunity to have a huge impact on Klaviyos prospects, on Klaviyos trajectory and as a result, on themselves. At Klaviyo, AEs pride themselves on being product experts who focus on closing deals the right way with the right customers whom they set up for success.
AEs at Klaviyo run the entire sales cycle from qualification to demo, to driving the buying process to close with minimal air support all while managing dozens of prospects at once. The best AEs are able to close over 70 of their opportunities, forecast their business with accuracy, and proactively manage and extract value from their territory long term.
How Youll Make an Impact:

Build Klaviyos client base across EMEA
Actively manage your pipeline and develop a strategy for long-term sustained success
Support the success of your peers
Exhibit Klaviyos values of accountability and effort 
Provide guidance and support to new Account Executives 
Expand your skillset by participating in adjacent tasks over time

Who You Are:

Minimum 1 years experience carrying net-new revenue quota and consistent overachievement selling MarTech SaaS solutions (essential)
Experience selling to Founders Business Owners Marketing personas and strong knowledge of the Ecommerce Retailers Brands domain
Experience working in a high-velocity and high-volume sales environment, often times with multiple stakeholders
Experienced in and highly comfortable with outbounding and have creative techniques strategies
Fluent English (written  verbal). Additional business-fluent French German a bonus
Excited, motivated, and inspired by exceeding goals 
Arent afraid to hear no and embrace failure as an opportunity to improve 
Strong growth mindset and continually seek improvement and are rigorous in your pursuit of it 
Are encouraging of your team, thoughtful, engaging, and energetic 
Are adept at influencing and relationship building
Fluent in written and spoken German
Full authorisation to work in the UK without any restrictions

Klaviyo in EMEA : As part of the Klaviyo team you will be looked after with some great benefits locally in EMEA including equity for all, private health cover for you and discounted for your household, financial and professional coaching, a generous annual learning allowance (2.5k), 22 weeks full pay primary care giver leave (16 week secondary) and free books (yes, any books!) to name a few.
LI-Hybrid LI-ME1Get to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.