At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.The Partnerships Teams mission is to help drive Klaviyos vision forward by building  deepening relationships with the best marketing firms and technology companies in the world.  Our marketing agencies, system integrators, freelancers, and consultants partners are trusted advisors to high growth ecommerce brands of all sizes around the world. These same partners rely on the Klaviyo platform to help them deliver exceptional experiences to these brands through Owned Marketing.
On the Partnerships team we pride ourselves on curiosity, ownership, adaptability, and working collaboratively across teams to create positive outcomes across sales, marketing, and success.  We understand that these values are essential to meeting goals and exceeding expectations for our partners.
The Agency Onboarding Specialist (AOS) serves as the initial face of our partner program when any new agency joins and is responsible for enabling our partners to get the most out of our partnership within their first 90 days after signing up.
Their mission is to 1) educate new partners on Klaviyos agency partner program 2) train agencies to understand and be able to speak to Klaviyos positioning, value, and differentiators in the market, 3) identify high potential or strategic agencies that should be nurtured closely and considered for our managed agency program, and 4) provide partners with the tools and resources needed to build outenhance their owned marketing services offering, so they are able to grow their business and in turn drive new business to Klaviyo.
How you will make a difference:

Research and vet new inbound agencies to identify high quality partners 
Educate new partners on the Klaviyo partner program
Train new partners on how to best leverage the tools and enablement resources available through the partner program to help them best serve their clients and grow their own businesses
Surface new business opportunities for the sales team through the rapid response to and qualification of inbound leads from our partners
Actively recruit new partners into the agency partner program
Provide guidance and support to our Partner network through thorough and clear communication via email, Slack, and phone
Ensure partners are engaged with our onboarding program
Partner closely with support, CS, and the direct sales team to ensure an exceptional partner experience

Who you are:

Have 2 years of work experience, preferably in an account manager, onboarding, or sales role at another marketing technology company
Have a BABS or equivalent
Has utilized a consultative approach in a professional setting to drive relationship building and adoption
Energized by seeing others succeed because of your direct working relationship
Comfortable sharing feedback and are excited to advance our companys values, unique culture, and vision for the future
Curious, organized, engaging, and energetic
Enjoys coming up with new ideas, testing those ideas, and sharing out with a broader team
Excited to be a part of and have an impact on a rapidly-growing, profitable startup
Have a positive outlook and excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Get to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.