At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Joining our Customer Growth sales team youll be responsible for selling our SMS product to our existing APAC client install base . Tag teaming with you to ensure you win customers over is the Customer Success, SMS Ops, and Deliverability  Compliance teams.
Youll be someone who has a strong entrepreneurial spirit, be customer obsessed, and can work autonomously with a positive and enthusiastic attitude. Be highly results-oriented and possess a builder mentality as youll also be highly influential in process improvements and implementing best practices as we grow and expand.
How youll make a difference:

Partner with Customer Success Managers to effectively target your assigned customer segment territory and create new SMS opportunities
Collaborate with Partner Managers and Agency Partners to identify Channel sales opportunities and team them on how to effectively sell SMS to their clients
Self-prospect and advise existing Klaviyo customers on the value of SMS and why Klaviyo SMS is the best choice for their business
Participate in regular workshops, lunch and learns, and in-market networking events to educate your partner and customers on how to best leverage SMS to drive revenue and create long-lasting relationships
Provide feedback to our Product Team that impacts the product roadmap and what we build for our customers
Have a massive impact on revenue targets for 2023 and beyond!

Who You Are:

3 years experience carrying a revenue quota as an Account Executive Account Manager Account Director Customer Success Manager (commercially orientated)
Experience working in a high-velocity and high-volume sales environment, often times with multiple stakeholders
Enjoy want to be in an expansion growth focused role that is selling to existing warm accounts
Strong growth mindset and continually seek improvement and are rigorous in your pursuit of it
Are encouraging of your team, thoughtful, engaging, and energetic
Highly adept at influencing and relationship building
Fluent English (written  verbal). Additional business-fluent JapaneseChinese a bonus
Eligibility to work in Australia without any restrictions (Citizen PR) 

Nice to haves:  

Familiarity with or have sold SMS solutions 
Familiar in applying Challenger Sales methodology or similar
Get to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.