At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.About the team
The Marketing Team is pretty special—a diverse group of empathetic thinkers, passionate doers, creative strategists, and true originals, all working together to solve interesting problems and connect with online brands from around the world. Together, we help businesses of all sizes build deeper customer relationships, acquire bigger audiences, and use data to fuel amazing experiences. 
How Youll Make a Difference

Youll help shape the go-to-market strategy and narrative — and its execution — for Klaviyo AI-powered tools and experiences 
You will oversee the messaging and positioning for AI offerings for each of our segments, as well as for integrated marketing campaigns that help us land that positioning in the market
Youll partner closely with:

The growth and lifecycle marketing teams to create, execute, and improve our AI-centric marketing programs throughout the funnel
The AI and data science RD teams, to help shape the roadmap and launch new features
The segment PMM team, ensuring that AIML is embedded in our core positioning and enablement for GTM teams 
The partnerships and ecosystem marketing teams, identifying ways to leverage our strong network of partners to amplify AI awareness and leadership
The customer success and education teams, on initiatives to help our customers get up and running with AI, ML, reporting, and predictive analytics tools, and find as much success as possible
Our other marketing teams, to develop thought leadership content and customer case studies, and to uncover insights through research


What were looking for

An experienced product marketer (5 years) with tons of experience creating messaging and positioning, developing go-to-market strategies, collaborating on marketing programs, and leading product launches of all sizes.
Passionate about AI, ecommerce and marketing technology. You see the value of what we do and how Klaviyo can help brands of all sizes take ownership of their data and their growth.
An AI believer. Youll need to advocate for AI and ML as core elements of how marketers find success today and in the future, so youll want to be all in on the concept!
Strategic and adaptable, able to prioritize effectively among many competing high-impact opportunities.
A storyteller, whose exceptional internal and external communications inspire people and compel them to join your cause.
A confident and collaborative teammate who enjoys working closely with other marketing teams, product teams, sales teams, and customer success teams.
A deeply empathetic person, who always starts with our customer and works backwards.
Scrappy and curious, always questioning the standard way of doing things and finding ways to do it better.

 The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:124,000—186,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.