At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo helps companies of all sizes power smarter digital relationships with their customers. One of the things that makes Klaviyo so valuable and unique is our pace of innovation; we have a powerhouse RD team that is constantly shipping new features and functionality. We are looking for an experienced Senior Director of Platform Product Marketing to showcase this product leadership to customers, prospects, partners, investors, press, and analysts.
In addition to owning our release marketing strategy and operations, the Senior Director of Platform Product Marketing will own go-to-market strategy development and execution for new product lines, serve as marketings closest partner to the RD organization, and share responsibility (with Product  Sales leadership) for achieving product goals around our product lines revenue and adoption. 
How youll make a difference:
Build and manage a high-performing team of product marketers, who will be responsible for:

Portfolio strategy:

Develop and execute a cohesive product marketing strategy for Klaviyos entire product portfolio, aligning with the companys overall business objectives.
Define and communicate the value proposition of each product and how they fit into the broader platform ecosystem.
Influence the roadmap based on customer, market, and competitive insights; and own the public-facing roadmap. 
Partner with Segment PMM, Brand, and Communications teams to translate product-centric value propositions into corporate and segment-based messaging. 

Release marketing:

Own release marketing from end to end — architecting a streamlined release marketing process, developing a release marketing strategy, leading strategic planning and execution of product launches andor product-focused events in a way that maximizes market impact and adoption, and analyzing launch performance to identify opportunities for improvement. 
Collaborate closely with the Product team to deeply understand new features and updates, translating technical details into compelling marketing messages.
Own the relationship with GTM Enablement, ensuring all our go-to-market teams can confidently sell and support our products. 
Manage the release marketing budget 

Go-to-market strategy for new products:

Own the GTM strategy for new product lines, including ideal customer profiles, personas, buyer journey, messaging  positioning, use cases, competitive intelligence, and launch strategy. 
Support pricing  packaging for new products 

Full-funnel marketing:

Support full-funnel marketing initiatives as a subject matter expert for product lines, from awareness and acquisition to retention and advocacy.
Work closely with demand generation, campaigns, brand, and partner marketing teams on initiatives and assets to drive revenue and adoption for our product lines.


Who you are:

Proven experience in senior-level product marketing roles, with a track record of success developing and executing go-to-market strategies and high-profile  large-scale launches.
Strong leadership and team management skills, with a history of building and developing high-performing product marketing teams.
10 years of experience in product marketing roles, with at least one substantial role in B2B SaaS. You should know what great looks like, what playbooks to use, and how (and when) to go beyond the traditional playbook.
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills, and a strong storyteller. 
Strong analytical skills with the ability to leverage data to inform decisions and measure performance.
Proven ability to build strong cross-functional relationships.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.
Familiarity with e-commerce, digital marketing, and customer data platforms is a plus.

Why join us:

Were an innovative, mission-oriented, and customer-obsessed company, driving meaningful impact for entrepreneurs and businesses worldwide.
We offer a competitive salary and benefits package, as well as free books, a great learning  development stipend, generous parental leave, a swoon-worthy Boston office, and more. 
We have a collaborative and inclusive company culture that values creativity and diversity, and a PMM team that is incredibly tight-knit and supportive. 
Love learning and growing? We do too. We have plentiful opportunities for professional development and career advancement.

LI-HybridThe starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:256,000—384,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.