At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo is driven by our ability to transform marketing automation with our product built for ecommerce. As an Account Executives at Klaviyo you will be a part of a sales team driving the way website stores are able to store and scale their business. Offering more than email  sms automation, our powerful platform is a complete strategy for ecommerce sellers to engage and personalize their customers brand interaction. 
We are seeking Account Executives who have passion and success in empowering creators. In return our sales teams have a tremendous opportunity to impact Klaviyo prospects, help our mission on Klaviyos trajectory and as a result, on themselves.  Klaviyos Account Executives pride themselves on being product experts who focus on closing deals the right way -- with the right customers whom they set up for success.  As an Account Executive on our LSMB team, you will run the entire sales cycle -- from qualification to demo to driving the buying process to close. You will be responsible for crafting and executing a scalable sales strategy while managing prospects. 
How Youll Make a Difference:

Build Klaviyos e-commerce client base for Entrepreneur segments  
Actively manage your pipeline and develop a strategy for long-term sustained success
Support the success of your peers
Exhibit Klaviyos values of accountability and effort 
Provide guidance and support to new Account Executives 
Expand your skill set by participating in adjacent tasks over time
Contribute to the success of the business, and in return have exciting career growth opportunities 

Who You Are:

1 years of closing experience in SaaS marketing or ecommerce related technology
Proven experience selling to C-Suite Marketing personas and strong knowledge of the Ecommerce Retailers Brands domain
Excited to empower creators, motivated to exceed goals 
Receptive to feedback and failure as an opportunity to improve 
Continually seek improvement, expanding your knowledge of customer marketing, technology and business landscape 
Share and encourage best practices with your team to develop innovative solutions
Thoughtfully engage with customers to fuel their growth 
Are adept at understanding the Klaviyo product, along with influencing and relationship building 
Comfortable in a fast-paced, high-growth startup environment 
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:55,000—65,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.