At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo drives better business relationships.  As an eCommerce marketing automation platform, Klaviyo customers can use our CDP for email and SMS solutions that sync to their companys tech stack. Powered and supported by a robust and built-in customer database that updates with an organizations customer information and each shoppers historical interactions with websites, products, emails, texts, and forms, Klayvio helps use that data to create targeted segments and personalized outreach to drive sales.
As a key member of the Finance organization, the Director, Real Estate Operations oversees all things Facilities, Real Estate and Building Operations. Maintaining best-in-class global workspaces that make Klaviyos WANT to come into the office requires a strong leader with a breadth and depth of expertise.  If this describes you - read on! This individual reports to the Chief Accounting Officer, with significant exposure and visibility to the Finance Leadership Team, and close collaboration with other teams such as FPA, Legal, HR and Global Technology Solutions. Were looking for someone who can own all aspects of Klaviyos growing real estate portfolio, including all contract negotiations. The ideal candidate should also have the ability to interface with a wide variety of Klaviyos with the ultimate goal of making everyones in-office experience memorable and meaningful. No task or project is too big and none is too small.
How Youll Make a Difference

Responsible for global real estate and building management for all global Klaviyo buildings
Real Estate management: including negotiating and renegotiating leases, contracts, renewals, extensions, lease fulfillments, landlord interface and overall management of the entire real estate portfolio
Where necessary, oversees the construction phase of assigned projects in accordance with established policies and procedures. Establishes and maintains a budget track report. Prepares, tracks and monitors all field instructions and change orders for additional work. Monitors project and remodel phasing schedules, resolves field conflicts and implements recovery strategies to mitigate delays. Manages multiple buildoutsprojects at once ranging in size from 200k - 5M in scope.
Project ownership of assigned projects - including, but not limited to development of scope, schedule, analytics, budget process, timelines, contractor bid reviews, and contractor awards, team and consultant management, tracking project progress actions, communications and documentation
Works with related outside vendors on conceptual ideas, design, branding and creation of value added of modern workspace
Manages overall facility strategy  employee satisfaction, services, operations, headcount growth and occupancy, furniture, etc.
In conjunction with the Global Protection Officer, takes measures to ensure all facilities are properly secured, including proactive risk assessments and following through on recommendations as well as incident response management
Business Disaster recovery planning, in conjunction with the Global Protection Officer, People Operations, etc.  ensures all facilities have recovery plans in place

Who You Are

Bachelors degree in Finance or Business
8-10 years of commercial real estate transaction experience, including real estate contracts and negotiation experience
5 years of direct leadership experience including matrixed andor global reporting relationships
Experience overseeing and maintaining company grounds, building, and equipment to ensure that the office is functional for employees
Excellent communication, interpersonal, organizational and time management skills
Strong sense of teamwork and willingness to support others in meeting team objectives
High energy and motivation; commitment to learning and having fun in a fast-paced environment; willingness to accept and embrace change

LI-HybridThe starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:168,000—252,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.