At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.At Klaviyo, we love tackling tough engineering problems and look for Engineers who specialize in certain areas but are passionate about building, owning  scaling features end to end from scratch and breaking through any obstacle or technical challenge in their way. We push each other to move out of our comfort zone, learn new technologies and work hard to ensure each day is better than the last. Klaviyo operates a real-time data platform written in Python and built for massive scale on Amazon Web Services (AWS). Engineers come to Klaviyo with experience in a variety of languages and from a number of disciplines.
We are seeking a frontend-leaning full-stack Senior Software Engineer who is passionate about using cutting-edge open source frameworks with emerging technologies. Youll have the opportunity to be on the forefront of driving a major transformation within Klaviyo.
Technologies we use (not exhaustive):

React, Typescript, Webpack, Fastly
Python, Django
RabbitMQ, Celery, Kafka, Apache Pulsar
MySQL, Redis, Memcached
Graphite, statsd, Grafana
AWS, Kubernetes, Terraform, Docker, Jenkins, and other modern DevOps tools

How Youll Make a Difference

Own customer-facing features that tens thousands of our customers rely on daily to reach 4B of consumers to drive their business forward
Lead the development of customer-facing components in complex distributed data processing systems
Work with a team of developers with deep experience in distributed microservices and full stack systems
Own the technical design and development of cross-functional, multi-platform application systems
Establish expertise in multiple internal and industry practices, patterns, tools, languages, and processes
Lead and mentor engineers within your organization on frontend best practices

Who You Are

5 years of experience as a full stack software engineer
Extensive frontend engineering experience
Experience working in React
Experience developing application APIs (e.g. REST, GraphQL, JSON Schema, or JSON:API, etc.)
Experience working with distributed systems is highly preferred
Experience working with cloud technologies (AWS, GCP, Azure, etc.)
Experience with custom frontend build systems  tooling (e.g. Webpack, Babel, TypeScript, ESLint, Jest, Jenkins, CDNs, etc.)
Having established best practices in how a company writes, tests, and deploys frontend code
Enjoy working on small, autonomous agile teams. 
Enjoy shipping code early and often in an agile fashion, pairing with product management, business stakeholders, and other engineers to craft better software.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:144,800—217,200 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.