At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Klaviyo is growing by leaps and bounds; as a result, weve recently established our Natural Language Interfaces team!
The Natural Language Interfaces team is a new team at Klaviyo focused on the integration of Generative AI applications in our experience, think ChatGPT but for our marketing platform. As Senior Front-end Engineer on the Natural Language Interfaces team, you will build completely new interfaces that leverage text inputs, as well as build assistants that follow our customers as they explore our platform - always ready to simplify and enhance their experience.
In this role, you will help shape the strategy for our user experience and will have many opportunities to grow given this is a recently established team. If you have a high bias for action, want to work using state of the art technologies like LLMs and enjoy working on highly motivated multidisciplinary teams, come join us.
Please note that this role is based in Boston and requires a hybrid, onsite component.
 
How you will make a difference:

Build new UI experiences to make complex areas of Klaviyo easier to use leveraging Natural Language
Help design, build, and maintain critical improvements to Klaviyos frontend across the whole product
Partner with our Components Library team to make our Natural Language components reusable
Write code that helps empower hundreds of thousands of Klaviyo customers daily to gain more value from the platform
Mentor and uplevel less experienced front-end engineers

 
Who You Are:

Bachelors degree in computer science, information technology, engineering, or similar
5 years of experience in software development with demonstrated front-end skills around usability, performance, and accessibility
Able to deliver reliable software through different levels of testing (unit, integration, E2E)
2 years of professional experience with React.js, or other highly adopted frameworks like Vue.js
Excited to work in a highly collaborative, iterative, and fast paced environment
Strong familiarity of vanilla JS, ES2015 syntax, and the Javascript ecosystem as a whole
Familiar with HTML, CSS, and general web best practices

 
Bonus points for:

Experience with Typescript
Experience working with APIs (we have back-end services running on: Django, FastAPI and gRPC)
Experience working with a large frontend application at scale
Experience collaborating with a design team or working with a design system
Experience building bidirectional communications via Websockets or alternative protocols
Interest in Machine Learning and genuinely curious about Generative AI

 
LI-Onsite    LI-CB2The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:156,800—235,200 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.