At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.Product Managers at Klaviyo have mastered the craft of Product Management. They are skilled practitioners, who have been directly responsible for driving significant business outcomes. At Klaviyo, youll work in the kind of high-growth environment that offers unlimited potential, and Klaviyos fast growth will ensure that opportunities abound.   
The SMS Delivery Team at Klaviyo ensures our customers can successfully send SMS messages with high deliverability. The team leverages engagement data and vendor data to optimize which messages we send. They also build the number selection, registration and management experience for our customers. SMS is a fast-growing area within Klaviyo so this is an exciting team to be a part of!
How Youll Make a Difference:

The ultimate measure of success for Product Managers at Klaviyo is driving business outcomes. Thats why we focus on tracking, analyzing, and improving metrics for each area of our product, with a particular focus on driving the results we target. 
We cannot build products that exceed our customers expectations without truly understanding those customers. Thats why Product Managers at Klaviyo spend a significant amount of time interacting with customers. At Klaviyo, knowledge about our customers is power.
Product Managers at Klaviyo think deeply, quickly, and analytically. The rigor of thought is extreme here so we can ensure were making the best decision possible at all times. You should love to tease out problems, break them down to small, digestible pieces, and put them back together elegantly.
Someone who joins Klaviyo must be exceptional at articulating their thinking through the written word. As a company, our success is gated on collectively being great and prolific communicators.

What Youll Do:

Collaborate and communicate - you will collaborate with all teams within the company and all parties outside of the company to be most effective in your role.
Manage a roadmap - you will prioritize all potential projects for our product area, and focus on those with the largest impact.
Create clarity through writing - you will define the customer problems we need to solve, who we are solving them for, and what it means to solve those problems. You will work agilely, but also sweat the details. You are passionate about making sure that every experience is understood, anticipated, and handled elegantly.
Ship features - you will get value into customer hands. For all of the work that goes into planning and coordination, we stay focused on delivering improved solutions and experiences every day.
Learn - you will be a voracious learner.  A lack of experienceknowledge around a challenge is an invitation to dive deep and become an expert in that area. You should love learning and tackling new challenges.

Your First 90 Days
In your first 30 days, you will get acclimated to Klaviyo and our product:

During the first two weeks, you will be immersed in an onboarding program that introduces you to the company and the product.
Introduce yourself to everyone you will need to know in order to be successful in your role.

In your first 60 days, you will become a valuable member of the team:

Take ownership of your key area of the product, and become the go-to expert for that area.
Have a quick impact by building your first product features, with coaching from internal subject matter experts in this product space.

In your first 90 days, you will continue to increase your influence:

Refine the strategy and roadmap for SMS Delivery.
Start contributing to knowledge sharing with the larger product team. We value learning and growth very highly.

Who You Are:

2 years of product management experience
A hustler  owning your work, and taking initiative.
Resourceful and flexible and has a strong focus on getting things done without strict processes or guidance for every move. 
Track record of owning products.
The starting pay range for this role is listed below. Sales roles are also eligible for variable compensation and hourly non-exempt roles are eligible for overtime in accordance with applicable law. This role is eligible for benefits, including: medical, dental and vision coverage, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, 401(k), flexible paid time off and company-paid holidays and a culture of learning that includes a learning allowance and access to a professional coaching service for all employees.Starting Pay Range For All US Locations:112,000—168,000 USDGet to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.