At Klaviyo, we value the unique backgrounds, experiences and perspectives each Klaviyo (we call ourselves Klaviyos) brings to our workplace each and every day. We believe everyone deserves a fair shot at success and appreciate the experiences each person brings beyond the traditional job requirements. If youre a close but not exact match with the description, we hope youll still consider applying. Want to learn more about life at Klaviyo? Visit careers.klaviyo.com to see how we empower creators to own their own destiny.At Klaviyo, Partner Account Managers (PAM) pride themselves on being marketing and product experts. As our Partner Account Manager for EMEA, youll be responsible for building a long-term, deep, and mutually-beneficial relationship with Klaviyos marketing agencies and systems integrator partners. You will leverage strong consultative skills to understand your partners business model and growth strategy so that you can identify ways Klaviyo can help them (and their clients) grow.
You are responsible for articulating the value of Klaviyos software, differentiating Klaviyo from other solutions, managing business development referrals (and co-selling opportunities) to from your partners, and coaching your partners on how to grow their business, including their profitability with Klaviyo. 
How Youll Make an Impact

Become a trusted business advisor to the 50-60 partner relationships you manage
Build and manage a lead referral pipeline with your partner portfolio
Develop a long-term strategy with your partners to help them meet their growth objectives using Klaviyo
Develop the ability to understand a partners business goals and help them achieve them
Become a product expert on Klaviyo and adept at presenting how Owned Marketing Services and software can help a partner improve their business
Be comfortable operating with revenue-focused goals
Bring your creative thinking, strategies, and ideas to advance Klaviyos values, build our culture, and execute on our vision for the future
Travel: up to 25 to meet and develop relationships with our agency partners and attend events

Who you are

2 years of proven Partnerships Channel Account Management Commercial Customer Success experience gained within a SaaS organisation (ideally at a similar MarTech SaaS organisation and working with eCommerce focused accounts) 
Business-fluent English (written and verbal). Additional business-fluent German or French a bonus
Work collaboratively with Marketing, Sales, and Product to introduce and educate agency partners on new enhancements to Klaviyos platform
Highly adept at influencing and relationship building at all levels of seniority and ability to navigate within complex org matrixes
Proven experience operating to high-volume and high-velocity and managing multiple accounts and relationships concurrently
Bring your thinking, strategies, and ideas to advance our companys values, achieve business OKRs, enhance our unique culture, and vision for the future
Willing and able to travel across UK and Europe
Full authorisation to work in the UK without any restrictions

Klaviyo in EMEA
As part of the Klaviyo team you will be looked after with some great benefits locally in EMEA including equity for all, private health cover for you and discounted for your household, financial and professional coaching, a generous annual learning allowance (2.5k), 22 weeks full pay primary caregiver leave (16 week secondary) and free books (yes, any books!) to name a few.
LI-Hybrid Get to Know Klaviyo
Were Klaviyo (pronounced clay-vee-oh). We empower creators to own their destiny by making first-party data accessible and actionable like never before. We see limitless potential for the technology were developing to nurture personalized experiences in ecommerce and beyond. To reach our goals, we need our own crew of remarkable creators—ambitious and collaborative teammates who stay focused on our north star: delighting our customers. If youre ready to do the best work of your career, where youll be welcomed as your whole self from day one and supported with generous benefits, we hope youll join us.
Klaviyo is committed to a policy of equal opportunity and non-discrimination. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, ethnicity, citizenship, national origin, color, religion or religious creed, age, sex (including pregnancy), gender identity, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, veteran or active military status, marital status, criminal record, genetics, retaliation, sexual harassment or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.
You can find our Job Applicant Privacy Notice here.